THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

By THOMAS EDLYNE TOMLINS, Esq.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOLUME THE SECOND.

From A.D. 1804; 44 George III. - To A.D. 1806; 46 George III.

BOTH INCLUSIVE.

With A General Index from the Union, A.D. 1801.

LONDON;

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.VII.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

44 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to continue, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England. Page 1

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England. Ibid.

3. An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon. 2

4. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Ibid.

5. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof. 3

6. An Act for suspending, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, the Operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within Ireland. 3

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

8. An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

9. An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament. Ibid.

10. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the forty-first, forty-second, and forty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. 4

11. An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland for prohibiting such Distillation. 4

12. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty. Ibid.

13. An Act to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from his Majesty's Service, by Means or under Colour of any Civil or Criminal Process. Ibid.

14. An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the forty-first and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom; and to allow Spanish Wine to be so landed and warehoused. 6

15. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 7

16. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

17. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

18. An Act to explain and amend two Acts passed in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain. 8

19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

20. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. Ibid.

21. An Act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and also an Act made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for amending the said Act. Ibid.

22. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commimoners of his Majesty's Treasury for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain. Ibid.

23. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season. 9

24. An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. Ibid.

25. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surry, to his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Consideration. 9

26. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks. 9

27. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufactureof Ireland. 72

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 74

29. An Act for permitting, until the fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool, (except Cotton Wool,) in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships. 75

30. An Act to revive and continue, until eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships. Ibid.

31. An Act for raising the further Sum of two Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

32. An Act for empowering his Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain. 76

33. An Act for empowering his Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited. Ibid.

34. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland. 78

35. An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five. 78

36. An Act to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused. 79

37. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon publick Annuities; and to extend the Times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges made in pursuance of the said Act. Ibid.

38. An Act For increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 80

39. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

40. An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. Ibid.

41. An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. Ibid.

42. An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland. 81

43. An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest. 82

44. An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom. 83

45. An Act for raising the Sum of eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

46. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

47. An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. Ibid.

48. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland. 84

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain. Ibid.

50. An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein. 85

51. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. 83

52. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty. Ibid.

53. An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, within Great Britain. 86

54. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto. 89

55. An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed; and for altering the Times of granting Licences to sell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail. 102

56. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England. I06

57. An Act to exempt from Duties on Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom. 117

58. An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament. Ibid.

59. An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the Time limited by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates. 118

60. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham. 119

61. An Act to amend two Acts, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Publick. 120

62. An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland. 121

63. An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, together with another Sum therein mentioned, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned. 122

64. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the Operation of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture. 123

65. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts, the one passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland. 123

66. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland. 124

67. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency. 129

68. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland. 135

69. An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland. 138

70. An Act to enable his Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machine necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of the King of Denmark. 140

71. An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens. 141

72. An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool. 143

73. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. Ibid.

74. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces. Ibid.

75. An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service, and for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised his Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid. 150

76. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden. 151

77. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages. Ibid.

78. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Weedon Beck in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance. 152

79. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees for better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the Use of his Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich. Ibid.

80. An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues. 152

81. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Use and Purposes therein mentioned. J53

82. An Act to obviate certain Inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General's Office in the Court of Chancery, in the Execution of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. Ibid.

83. An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. 154

84. An Act to permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Master General, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Master General, and the Barrack Master General, to authorize Persons in their Offices to send Letters free from the said Duty. 155

85. An Act for further continuing, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate. 156

86. An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing several Laws relating to the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five. Ibid.

87. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England. Ibid.

88. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty. 160

89. An Act for confirming the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland. 161

90. An Act to continue, until seven Years after the passing thereof and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large. Ibid.

91. An Act to permit the Issue and Negociation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited Sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland; and to restrain the Issue and Negociation of certain other Notes. 162

92. An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another. Ibid.

93. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries. 165

94. An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers. 170

95. An Act to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, to enable his Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service. Ibid.

96. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England; so far as the same relates to the City of London. 174

97. An Act for raising the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. 175

98. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

99. An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years of his present Majesty. 211

100. An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London; and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks. 212

101. An Act for permitting, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast. 217

102. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testficandum, in certain Cases. Ibid.

103. An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein. Ibid.

104. An Act to permit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused. 222

105. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein. 224.

106. An Act for appointing, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have heen lately received in the several publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money in Ireland. 225

107. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance. 227

108. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors. Ibid.

109. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon. 228

110. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 232

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

i. AN Act for keeping In Repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Seaside at Whitstable, in the County of Kent. 236

ii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London. Ibid.

iii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

iv. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester. 236

v. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the second and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

vi. An Act to enable John Boydell Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and Josiah Boydell, his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called the Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance. Ibid.

vii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London; and another Act passed in the forty-second Year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first-mentioned Act. 238

viii. An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of St. Alban, in the County of Hertford. 239

ix. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. Ibid.

x. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, made in the second and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbourne in the County of Derby, to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common, to Congleton in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xi. An Act to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xii. An Act for enlarging the Term, and Powers of two Acts, made in the third and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the same relate to the third District of Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Croft Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post, at the Division of Kelham and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post. Ibid.

xv. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for the better Amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River, and also the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton. 240

xviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitechurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle-under-Lyme, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid. Ibid.

xix. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Town of Milton next Sittingborne, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. 240

xx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, of the second and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hesket by Yewes Bridge to Cockermouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland. 241

xxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport in the County of Chester, to Saxon's Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and in the County of York. 242

xxv. An Act for the better amending and repairing the Road, leading from a certain Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall. in the County of Stafford) through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop, and Stafford. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, into and through the Township of Worsley, to a Place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund, certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Wortley, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the Road from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinsley, and through Part of the Town of Tinsley to the Place where the same joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield. 244

xxix. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of two Acts, of the third and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a Place called Ireland's Croft near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the first District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, made in the second and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abberley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester. 244

xxxii. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectually raising a sufficient Sum of Money for discharging the Debts and incumbrances affecting certain Lands in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders, Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the Payment of the Debts now due by them respectively, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Acklam, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation. 246

xxxvi. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new publick Market therein. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near Llyfwen, in the County of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said County. 246

xxxix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

xl. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford, to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick. 247

xli. An Act for vesting in John Henry Maw Esquire, in Fee Simple, certain Estates comprized in an Act of Parliament, of the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; and for, by the present Act, settling a Fee Simple Estate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater Value, to the Uses of the Will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first-mentioned Estates. 247

xlii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor end Parish of Haddiscoe, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Talbot, Lord Dynevor, and other Persons, claiming under the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, being part of the Estates devised by the said Will. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for the better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the Arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said Arm of the Sea. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a Collateral Cut thereto. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for the better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, for providing a new Work house for the Use of the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the seventh and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor. 248

xlix. An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New Wall, on the Parade, in the Township of Castleton, in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

l. An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening the Road branching out of the great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County. Ibid.

li. An Act for altering and amending several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County. Ibid.

lii. An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew. 248

liii. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

liv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the Aqueduct at Ponteysylltee, in the parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with Water. Ibid.

lv. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Oystermouth, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same. 249

lvii. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Foot Paths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City. Ibid.

lix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Croft, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn. 249

lx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and.twenty-second Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Brough, all in the County of Westmorland. 250

lxi. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Wellbury, to Hatchett's Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the second District therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Willersley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, of the fifth and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for reviving the Term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, and in the third Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

---

lxv. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and eonfoUddting inti one Apt, several APIs relating to the Road from Gkfgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads. 250

lxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester to the City of Coventry. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Market Place in Cromford to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to Newhaven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of two Acts, passed in the eighth and twenty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, in the County of York. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littlefort, and from Littleport to Checquer Corner in Downham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair certain other Roads. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Thomas Cureton Esquire, to carry into Execution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton Esquire, his Son, for the Sale of an Estate called Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the Purchase of an Ellate called The Hurf, in the same County. 231

lxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Town ships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise New-land cum Woodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Rarish of Shmnbum, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Morton, in the County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Pad u re called Mart on Park, .within the said Manor and County. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the fail Session of Parliament, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for amending and repairing several Roads leading from the Guildhall and Market House va Tavifock to New Bridge, to Greston Bridge, to Downton Gate, to Riccard's House, to Cherry Brook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellham and New Quay, all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Pcuace Street, within the said City. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first: Y$ar of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thame r from Stones to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey. Ibid.

/Local and Personal, ) 44 GEO. III. xi

lxxix. An Act for trtore effectttally repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodftoek to Roll Right Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford* 251

lxxx. An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the PoflefEons, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon* within the Town of Harrow on the Hilly in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon9 for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hillxto London, to the Trustees acting in Execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in repair. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banjfy Elgin, Aberdeen and Jnvemefs; for building Bridges over the River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff. Ibid.

LcxxiL An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coal*, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of King William the Third, and the sixth Year of Queen Annef for making and keeping navigable the RiveT Tone, from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset* 252

bftxxiv. An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City, of

London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another Place of Confinement in the said City. 2 ja

lxxxv. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesexf and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same $ and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, so far as the same relates to the West Division thereof, as therein mentioned. 253

lxxxvii. An Act for embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of Boult ham, Skellmgthqgpty Saxelby, Broxholme. North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton, and Hat how, in the County of Lincoln; and for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for enabling the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the Chapel of Voylas, in the County of Denbigh, to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Fulbeck, in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tithes arising within the same Parish.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Little Hiuklonu, in the County of Derby.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Kettering, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

4. An Act for naturalizing Paul Hanfzen.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Portrane and Donabate, in the County of Dublin.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beaminster, in the County of Dorset.

7. An Act to enable the Reverend George Golding Graves Clerk, and his first and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Golding, pursuant to the Will of George Golding Esquire, deceased.

8. An Act for naturalizing Henry Augujbis Biedermann.

9. An Act for naturalizing Charles William Rohrs.

10. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Boileau.

11. An Act for the more effectual and beneficial raising of certain Sums of Money decreed by the High Court of Chancery of Ireland to be taised out of the Estates of George Montgomery Esquire, a Lunattck, in the Counties of Cavan and Fermanagh in Ireland, by Sale of the inheritance of a competent Part of the said Estates.

12. An Act for effectuating an Exchange of certain Parts of the Glebe Land belonging to the Rectory of Brajled, in the County of Kent, for certain Lands, the Property of the Right Honourable Frederick Campbell, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the Parish of Brajled aforesaid.

13. An Act for dividing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Saltree otherwise Sawtry All Saints, and Saltree otherwise Sawtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Tottington, in the Parish of Leominster, in the County of Stffex.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Sussex.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary, in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sutton, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of West Burton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thetford Saint Peter, in the County of Norfolk, and Thetford Saint Cuthbert, and Thetford Saint Mary, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gotham, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

21. An Act for naturalizing Johannes Hendrik Ohrly*

22. An Act for enabling Sir Henry Paulei St. John Mildmay Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, to Icale Part of the settled Estates in the County of Essex, devised by the late Dame Anne Mildmay, of Moulsham Hall, in the find County.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors of North Bradley and Southwick, in the Parish of North Bradley, in the County of Wilts.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wabome, in the County of Norfolk.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iken, in the County of Suffolk.

26. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year

xii STATUTES, 44 GEO. III. prkud.)

of his present Majesty, for inclosing and leafing certain Common Moors and Waste Grounds, lying within the Township of Rirkeaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvecote and Shuttington, in the Parish of Shuttington, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sporle, and Hamlet of Palgrave, in the County of Norfolk.

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates situate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Will of Bridget Southcote, Widow, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Essex, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the said Bridget Southcote.

30. An Act for discharging John FydeU, late of Chepstow, in the County of Monmouth, but now of the City of Bristol, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, from being a Trullee of the Freehold Estates of Thomas Burges, late of Weymouth Street, Portland Place, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, and for divesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Parts of the same Freehold Estates of the said' Thomas Burges, as, by his Will, are devised to the said John FydeU as a Trustee, out of the said John FydeU, and for veiling the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the same Freehold Estates in Abraham Tovlmin, Esquire, as a Trustee in the Place and Stead of the said John FydeU.

31. An Act for more effectually maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Embankments and other works on the South Side of the Channel of the River Dee, within the Manor and Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Flint, and for erecting, and keeping in Repair, other Embankments and Works to prevent Injury being done, as well to the Allotments of Land, made, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, from a certain Common called Stiltney Mdrfh, as also to certain Lands the Property of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in Kingsdon, in the County of Somerset.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands within, and belonging to, the Manora and Parish of Kingsutton, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keinton Mandefeld, in the County of Somerset.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

35. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Bridgham, in the County of Norfolk.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Charney, in the Parish of Longworth, in the County of Berks.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crimplesham, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act for inclosing Shaddingfield Common, in the County of Suffolk.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Temple Gutting, in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Carlby, in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of an Intercom* mon or Heath, heretofore called Aunby Heath, within, or adjoining to, the same Parish.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish, Township, or Hamlets of Bringhurst, Great Easton, and Drayton, in the County of Leicester.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Alverton, in the County of Nottingham.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Topcroft and Denton, in the County of Norfolk.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Binbrooke Saint Gabriel and Binbrooke Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Psrifli of Rvtyip, otherwise Rtfelip, in the County of Middlesex.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Manea, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Whit wood, in the Parish of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for incloupg Lands in the Lordships of Great Gonerby and Manthorpe cum Little Goner by, in the County Of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township tyf Roufby, and Hamlets of Hither and Far Scaling, in the Parish of Hinderwell, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Romsey Extra, in the County of Southampton.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands inf the Parish of Ufttn, in the County of Berks.

52. An Act for naturalizing Michael Verbeke.

53. An Act for naturalizing Christian Henry Kauffmann.

54. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Levi Phillips.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Totham, in the County of Essex.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Nether dale, in the West Riding of York.

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in the County of Durham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

58. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township or Townships of Ampleforth and Oswaldkirk, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Arlfey, in the County of Bedford.

60. An Act for effecting th f Sale of a Freehold Messuage, with the Lands thereto belonging, situate -at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, Widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, Esquire, is Tenant for Life, and for inverting the Purchase Monies of the Shares which (land limited to the Infant children of the said George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his Wife, in Remainder, in Fee Simple, in some other Real Estate, to be settled in lieu of such Shares, and to the same Uses.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of AJlwick, in the County of Bedford.

62. An Act for naturalizing James Fagel.

63. An Act for altering and amending an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish o/*Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of Building upon; and for granting further Powers, the better to carry into Execution the Purposes of the said Act.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brington, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Staugh-ton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hogjlhorpe and Mumby cum Chapel, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Jjlip, in the County of Oxford.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Robert Tight, Esquire, with EJlher Tighe, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gerock.

70. An Act for naturalizing Ber made Uhde.

71. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Veichtner.

72. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Charles Leon de Boubee de Brouyucns, an Infant.

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the THIRD Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

45 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

3. An Act to remedy certain omissions in an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An for the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

4. An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the last session of parliament, for continuing an act to empower the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's person and government.

5. An Act for explaining and amending an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any act or acts relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the power of acting as commissioners in certain districts.

6. An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until this twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five, and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of term, one thousand eight hundred and five.

7. An Act for raising the sum of three millions by loans or exchequer-bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

8. An Act for amending an act, passed in the last session of parliament, for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of stock created by two acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of his present Majesty.

9. An Act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland whale fishery, to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season.

10. An Act for making further provision for the effectual performance of quarantine.

11. An Act for granting certain additional rates and duties in Great Britain, on the conveyance of letters.

12. An Act for raising the sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

13. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain on horses used in riding, or for drawing certain carriages; and for consolidating the said additional duties with the present duties thereon.

14. An Act for granting additional duties on salt in Great Britain.

15. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties in Great Britain, on the amount of assessments to be charged on the profits arising from property, professions, trades, and offices.

16. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

17. An Act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal marine forces while on shore.

18. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain rates and duties, and to allow certain drawbacks and bounties upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former rates and duties, drawbacks, and bounties.

19. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain inland duties of excise and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former duties of excise and taxes.

20. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp-duties in Ireland.

21. An Act for repealing certain duties upon letters and packets sent by the post within Ireland, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, and upon spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

23. An Act to continue, Until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend several acts for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Ireland.

24. An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an act, passed in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for discontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof.

25. An Act to continue an act for suspending the operation of an act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of promissory notes and bills of exchange under a limited sum in England, until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

26. An Act for continuing several laws relating to the permitting the warehousing of spirits in Ireland for exportation, for charging a duty on the same when taken out for home consumption, and for regulating the exportation to Great Britain of spirits not warehoused, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five ;to the prohibiting the exportation from, and permitting the importation to Great Britain of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty, and to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn, or potatoes, or other provisions, and to the permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fish, and provisions, without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

27. An Act to enable the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain, to issue exchequer-bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional stamp duties in Great Britain on certain legacies.

29. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional duties within Great Britain on certain goods, wares, and merchandise imported into or brought or carried coastwise.

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties of excise in Great Britain.

31. An Act for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into his Majesty's regular forces and royal marines.

32. An Act for granting to foreign ships put under his Majesty's protection the privileges of prize ships under certain regulations and restrictions; and for allowing aliens, in foreign colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors during the present war, and until six months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

33. An Act to make valid certain licences granted by virtue of an order in council for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, and merchandize from and to Spain in neutral vessels; and for indemnifying all persons concerned in advising such order, or granting or acting under such licences.

34. An Act to permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America belonging to any foreign European sovereign or date in neutral ships, during the present war, and until six months after the Ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

35. An Act to continue, until the first day of one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an act, passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation between his Majesty and the United States of America.

36. An Act to enable the East India Company to appoint the commander in chief on the Bengal establishment to be a member of the council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the office of governor-general of Fort William, and the office of commander in chief of all the forces in India, being vested in the same person.

37. An Act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

38. An Act for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into his Majesty's forces and royal marines.

39. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an act, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain exciseable goods therein mentioned; and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of such goods; so far as the same respects permits for spirits or spirituous liquors.

40. An Act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities for the service of Ireland.

41. An Act for restraining the negotiation of certain promissory notes and inland bills of exchange in Ireland.

42. An Act to extend the provisions of an act made in the last session of parliament for preventing the counterfeiting of certain silver coin issued by the banks of England and Ireland respectively, to silver pieces, which may be issued by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens.

43. An Act to amend the laws for improving and keeping in repair the post-roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of letters by his Majesty's post office more secure and expeditious.

44. An Act for repealing so much of an act made in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, as exempts slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, brought coastwise within Great Britain, from the duty thereby granted.

45. An Act for making perpetual certain additional duties of excise on wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two acts passed in the forty-third and forty-fourth years of his present Majesty, and to allow a drawback of the said duties to admirals, captains, and other commissioned officers for wine contained on board his Majesty's ships of war.

46. An Act to continue until the end of the next session of parliament, and amend an act made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for appointing commissioners to inquire and examine into any irregularities, frauds, or abuses which are or have been practised by persons employed in the several naval departments therein mentioned.

47. An Act to appoint commissioners to inquire and examine into the publick expenditure, and the conduct of publick business, in the military departments therein mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any abuses and irregularities, and for the better concluding and managing the business of the said departments; to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

48. An Act for appointing commissioners for putting into execution an act of this session of parliament, for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and an act made in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

49. An Act to repeal certain parts of an act, made in the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for granting contributions on the profits arising from property, professions, trades, and offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual, the provisions for collecting the said duties.

50. An Act for regulating licences for the sale of spiritous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate use of spirituous liquors in Ireland.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional stamp-duties, for amending the laws relating to the stamp-duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as notaries-publick without being duly licensed in Ireland.

52. An Act for the better regulation of licences to persons in Ireland dealing in exciseable commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein-mentioned.

53. An Act for the collection of the malt-duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a maltster.

54. An Act to amend an act, made in the ninth year of King George the First, for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, so far as the same respects contracts to be entered into for the maintenance and employment of the poor.

55. An Act to amend an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom, and for enabling the commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of vouchers although not stamped according to law.

56. An Act for further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and nine, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, for enabling the commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm the duties on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time.

57. An Act to consolidate and extend the several laws now in force, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandize into and from certain ports in the West Indies.

58. An Act to repeal an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of the office of paymaster-general of his Majesty's forces, and the more regular payment of the army; and for the more effectually regulating the said office.

59. An Act for amending an act, passed in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for regulating the election of members to serve in parliament, so far as relates to freeholds under the yearly value or twenty pounds; and for making further and other regulations relating thereto.

60. An Act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

61. An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his present Majesty as grants certain allowances to adjutants and serjeant-majors of the militia of disembodied under an act of the same session of parliament.

62. An Act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

63. An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of Ireland, for holding courts-martial on serjeant-majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time such militia shall not be embodied; and for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the said militia during peace.

64. An Act to amend an act made in the forty-first year of his present Majesty for granting bounties for taking and bringing fish to the cities of London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom.

65. An Act to continue until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament, an act made in the last session of parliament for appointing commissioners to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several publick offices in Ireland, therein-mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick money in Ireland.

66. An Act to prevent in Great Britain the illegally carrying away bark; and for amending two acts, passed in the sixth and ninth years of his present Majesty's reign for the preservation of timber trees, underwoods, roots, shrubs, plants, hollies, thorns, and quicksets.

67. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on Spanish red wine imported into Great Britain.

68. An Act for making perpetual and amending several laws for encouraging the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and securing the duties on foreign sail cloth imported; and for making perpetual several laws for permitting the exportation of a certain quantity of corn and grain to Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney; and for regulating the fees of officers of the customs, and of naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in Newfoundland.

69. An Act for vesting in the barrack-master-general for the time being, estates, held or occupied for the barrack-service; and authorising him to sell the same, with the consent of the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury.

70. An Act to rectify a mistake in the name of one of the commissioners appointed by an act, passed in the present session of parliament, for appointing commissioners to inquire into the publick expenditure, and the conduct of publick business, in the military departments therein-mentioned.

71. An Act to amend the several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes.

72. An Act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy during the present war.

73. An Act to enable the commissioners of the treasury to contract with certain proprietors of stock created by two acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of his present Majesty, for granting other annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period herein-mentioned.

74. An Act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money to be raised by lotteries.

75. An Act to remove doubts touching appointments to certain offices in the court of chancery made during the vacancy of the office of register and keeper of the register and registers in that court.

76. An Act to amend an act made in the parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland; and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishment under certain provisions and regulations.

77. An Act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several acts passed for the redemption and sale of the land-tax into one act.

78. An Act to indemnify all persons concerned in advancing forty thousand pounds to Messieurs Boyd, Benfield, and company, in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of the monies issued for naval services.

79. An Act to amend several acts, passed in the parliament of Ireland, for appointing commissioners to inquire into the losses of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have suffered in their property during the rebellion in Ireland, and for other purposes in the said acts mentioned.

80. An Act for continuing several laws relating to the regulating the prices at which corn and grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and, from Ireland to Great Britain, and to the admission to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoundlan,* taken by his Majesty's subjects carrying on the fishery from and residing in the said island, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the same term, an act of the last session of parliament for permitting the importation of hides, and other articles in foreign ships.

81. An Act to amend an act made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of seamen employed in the coasting trade.

82. An Act for repealing the duty chargeable on woollen goods of the manufacture of Great Britain exported to the East Indies

83. An Act to continue the operation of an act, passed in the last session of parliament to suspend proceedings in actions, prosecutions, and proceedings, under certain acts relating to the woollen manufacture, and also under an act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth so far as the same relates to certain persons employed or concerned in the said manufacture.

84. An Act for making more effectual the gracious intentions of her late majesty Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, so far as relates to the returns of certificates into the exchequer and gifts of personal property.

85. An Act for authorising the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain sum of money, to be applied in completing the Crinan canal.

86. An Act to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon.

87. An Act to authorise the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to permit certain articles to be warehoused in different parts in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of duties upon the articles therein-mentioned.

88. An Act for repealing the duties of customs on cochineal dust and granilla imported into Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

89. An Act to alter and extend the provisions of the laws now in force for the punishment of the forgery of bank notes, bills of exchange, and other securities, to every part of Great Britain.

90. An Act to empower his Majesty to retain upon full pay and allowances officers of the militia during the war, notwithstanding the reduction.

91. An Act for appointing additional commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the publick accounts of Great Britain.

92. An Act to amend two acts of the thirteenth and forty-fourth years of his present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the criminal laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to trial offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one county to another.

93. An Act to amend two acts, passed in the forty-third and forty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of sugar from Great Britain.

94. An Act for reducing the duty of excise on hops the growth of Great Britain.

95. An Act to amend so much of an act of the forty-third year of his present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions of the acts relating to the duties in Scotland under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as relates to the appointment of assessors and sub-collectors, and the notices required to be delivered to persons assessed to the said duties.

96. An Act for continuing the premiums allowed to ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

97. An Act to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in issuing an order of council and directions for extending the time of certain ships continuing to perform quarantine.

98. An Act for increasing the drawback on linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

99. An Act for regulating and encouraging the trade, for the improvement of the revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man.

100. An Act for fetter regulating the distilling of spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England; for the better securing the duties payable thereon; and for altering the time of making entry, and granting licences to distil spirits for Scotland.

101. An Act to repeal so much of an act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Second, intituled, An Act to restrain the disposition of lands, whereby the same become unalienable as restrains colleges within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding advowsons, except as therein is provided.

102. An Act to revive and continue an act made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, intituled, An for ths encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

103. An Act for charging additional duties of customs on straw platting, and on straw hats or bonnets, imported into Great Britain.

104. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the duties on spirituous liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such spirits for exportation.

105. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating the collection of the duties in Ireland, on fire hearths, on dwelling-houses, on coaches and other carriages, on male servants, on horses, and on dogs.

106. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several acts for regulating and securing the collection of the duties on paper made in Ireland, and on paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for hangings or other uses.

107. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an additional duty on Spanish red wine imported into Ireland.

108. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, several acts for the better collection and security of the revenues of customs and excise in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein.

109. An Act to amend so much of an act, for granting to his Majesty several sums of money for defraying the charge of certain permanent services in Ireland, as relates to the military survey of Ireland.

110. An Act for exempting from the duties on profits arising from property, the first half-yearly dividends or annuities, under an act of the present session, for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities, for the service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the books of the bank of England.

111. An Act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for erecting and establishing publick infirmaries or hospitals in this kingdom.

112. An Act to appoint commissioners to inquire and examine into any irregularities or abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleaning, and lighting the streets of Dublin; and to provide for the suspension of the powers and authorities of the corporation of directors and commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, and for vesting the same in other persons during such suspension; and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said corporation.

113. An Act for granting a certain sum of money towards improving the harbour on the north side, of the hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for his Majesty's packets.

114. An Act for enabling the commissioners of the treasury of Great Britain, to advance a certain sum of money to the lord-provost, magistrates, and council of the city of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the docks and other works in the harbour of Leith.

115. An Act for purchasing certain buildings and ground in or near Palace Yard, Westminster, for the use of the publick.

116. An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant a certain creek, called Chelson Bay, otherwise Shilston Bay, in or near the parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the county of Devon; and for vesting the same, for a valuable consideration, in the right honourable John lord Boringdon, and his heirs.

117. An Act to continue the proceedings in the house of lords touching the conduct of Luke Fox esquire, one of the judges of the court of common pleas of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

118. An Act for raising the sum of eight millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

119. An Act for raising the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the bank of England for having advanced money for the publick service on the credit of certain exchequer-bills.

120. An Act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

121. An Act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling.

122. An Act for charging additional duties on the importation of foreign plate glass into Great Britain.

123. An Act for settling and securing a certain annuity on John now duke of Atholl, and the heirs general of the seventh earl of Derby.

124. An Act to amend an act, passed in the fourth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing inconveniences arising in cases of merchants, and such other persons as are within the description of the statutes relating to bankrupts, being entitled to privilege of parliament, and becoming insolvent; and to prevent delay in the entering appearances in actions brought against persons having privilege of parliament.

125. An Act to provide that the proceedings now depending in the house of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Henry lord viscount Melville, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

126. An Act to indemnify persons who shall give evidence against Henry lord viscount Melville, upon the impeachment voted against him by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament assembled, in respect of acts done by such persons in any office or employment held by them under the said lord viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of treasurer of his Majesty's navy.

127. An Act to vest the Townleian collection of ancient Sculpture in the trustees of the British Museum, for the use of the publick.

128. An Act for allowing, under certain restrictions, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited quantity of coals, culm, or cinders to London and Westminster by inland navigation.

129. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain fund of money out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying certain monies therein-mentioned for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i. AN Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through Afiborne, to Hurdlce House, in the County of Derby. ^89

ii. An Act to indemnify all Persons employed in the Disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred Penalties under certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

iii. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crew kerne, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

iv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from 'Munchester to Belton and to Bury, to raise Money to complete the same. Ibid.

v. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further Sum of Money, for completing the said Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging. Ibid.

vi. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His late Majesty and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of MieHlcfex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the same in Repair. Ibid.

vii. An Act for making ana maintaining a Road from Ilollin wood, in the Township of Chadderton, to Featherfiall, in the Township of Hundersfield, in the County Palatine of Lon-caster, and for making and maintaining several Branches of Road to communicate therewith. IIid.

viii. An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winterton, Ettfl Somerton, and West Somerton, in the County of Norfolk. 590

ix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of lintonbum, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

x. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothlury and Elsdon in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Munchester to or near Ashton-under- Lyne and Oldham more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging. Ibid.

xii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut* Railways, or Stone Roads and other Works thereof. Ibid.

xiii An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath CharnockXo the Bridge at the Well End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

*v. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg. ing the Powers, of Two Acts, pa{Ted in the Thirty-first Yea* mi His late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Penga'e to* Lalchett's Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of IVihs, so far as the same relate to the Fir [I District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads. 590

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan-and Perth; and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

xvii An Act for repealing Three Acts, passed in the Twentieth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-firth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stochton-upon-l'ecs to Darlington, and from thence to Bar-nardfajlle, in the County of Durham; and for more effedlsally repairing the said Road. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for vesting certain Estates, situate in the Coun-

ties of FJsex and Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Burrell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trull, to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Sussex, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Ibid.

xix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the P irishes of Car It on,

Chellington, and Steventon, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in the Parish of Ashton-upon-Mersey, in the County Palatine of Chester. 591

xxi. An Act for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts 5 and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-

seventh Year of His present Majesty, to ameAd and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. Ibid.

xxiv. An A<fl to enable Robert Bowyer of Pall Pall, in the

City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance 59#

xx*. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from ShiUingfrd in the County of Oxford, through WaLingford and Pang borne to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Sutherland, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be 8 approved

(Local and P erf one

approved of by the Commissionera, appointed by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; for making a Turnpike Road from Portinleik to the Ord; and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into Money. 592

xxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head\ in the County of Westmorland, through Sedlergh, to Grceta Bridge, in the County Palatine or Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating, several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for repairing other Roads therein; and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County. Ibid.

"xxix. An Act for continuing the Term, and a tering the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in Twe'fth and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Inglifion Bridge, by Biggar to Lcadhills, and to the Confines of the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining a Continuation of the said Road from Doiphinton to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at Ardnff v, in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act- for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise in Sent I nd. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for the Improvement of the fl arbour of Leith. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish, in the Rivers in the County of Carmarthen, and County of the Borough of Carmarthen. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for the making, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering certain Ronds from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and P.ymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame. 593

xxxv An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of T\Vo Acts, passed in the Thirty-fecund Year of Kis late Majesty, and in the Severth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham. 594

Xxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, gaffed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty. for repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the.End of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town's End, and from the Guide Post at Walr.ot Town's End, in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Wef-rd Fle d, ii. the County of Northampton. Hid

xxxvii. An Act to enlarge the*Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Switiden, to Mar Idreugh, and from M ir, borough to E* er'ey, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for enabling Thomas Barrow Esquire, and tin Person and Persons for the Time being refoi; \< ly entitled to the Freehold in Possession of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Matxhcjler, in the County Palatine of Lar> refer, under the Will of Wiliam Barrow, Mera fed, to grant and convey the same Moiety in Fee Simple for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, referring Rents, or n make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owne: or Owners' for the Time being, of the other Moiety thenar in making'* such Grants and Conveyances, or L.eofes re fyeftivvly. Hid

!, ) 45 GEO. Itr. xix

xxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the township and Manor of Prizing ton, in the Pari Ih of Arlecdon % in the County of Cumberland. $94

xl. An Act for afieffing the Proprietors of Lands in the 1 County of RoJ's, andluch Parts of the Counties of Crcm rtf' and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting inch Roads a^d Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the l orty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scot I nd. Ibid.

xli. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Part of His Majesty's Allotment of the disafforested Forest or Chase of Necdwood, in the County of >t ford, for the Erection of a Church, and the Endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingson-upcn-Hull. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Bethell Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for building a New Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at B'aenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the fmd County. 595

xlvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing tl.e Road from the City of Norwich to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the L'.Jlwithiel Turnpike Road, through Trcgcny, to-Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Tret him Mill, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

-vlix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leictfer % to the Guide Post in S int Margaret's Field, Lcicrjler, a. d another Road therein mentioned. Ibid.

I. An Act to revive, continue, and enlarge the Term and Powerb of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein*mer ioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the Ctnmtv of Lricfur to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate in the City of Coventry. Hid. li. An Act for the Letter amending and repairing of the R^ad leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, 1) tween the Towns of Kdmallcck and CLarleville, to the City of Cork. Ibid.

lii An Act for the better amending and r^priring of the Read leading from the Town, of Car. w to the City of Kilkenny.

III!.

ini. An Act for vesting several Messuages 3rd Hereditainci ts in and near Sh field, in the County of fork, and dive s

deiaci.vd

detached Parts of the settled Estates of the most Noble Chariot Duke of Norfolk in Trustees, upon Trust to fell; and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain of and Customanr Lands, Parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Sussex, other Parts of the said settled Estates; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales and Enfranchisements in the Purchase of more convenient Estates $ and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 595

liv. An Act for vesting certain Estates comprized in the Settlements executed on the Marriages of Elizabeth afterwards the "Wife of John Earl of Ashburnham, and Theodqfia, afterwards the Wife of Chariot Boone Eftjuire, in new Trustees. Ibid.

lv. An Act for exchanging Tart of the Fee Siimfte Estate of Sir John Buchanan Baronet, in the County of Northumberland\ for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham. Ibid.

Ivi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick-upon-Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie causeway and Pre/lon Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Power of an Act, passed in the Thirty-Gxth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lane offer, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Cheffer. 596

lviii. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, 1 Basons, Cut?, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, ' within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. Ibid.

/ lix. An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to ratfe a Sum of Money to be paid l>y Way>f Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the said Hundred. Ibid.

lx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Child wall. Great Woolton, and Little Woolton, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lane offer. Ibid.

jxi. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Castle-ton, in the County of Derby; and for extending the Powers rf the said Courts., 597.

lxii. An Act for improving the Passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester at the Rock tFerry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame. 598

Biiii. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sumo of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for belter regulating the Port of London. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the FrnJrth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the North End of the Town of Rotherham, to the East Side of 7 ankerfley Park, in the County of York. Ibid.

lxv. An Act to enable the Master, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to erect Two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. 599

lxvi. An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of Redditch, in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties of WorccRtr and Warwick. / Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for the better Pnefervation, and further Improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennct and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Adla passed fox making the said Canal. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicestershire and Northampionjlirt Union Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Powefs of the Act passed for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lx.xii. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Levels of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to tho River Ou % e, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the raid River from or near a Place dalleJ Eau Brink to the Harbour of King* Lynn; and for in*-proving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Quxe. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for building a Bridge over that Part of tha River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rvmney, in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

lvxiv. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving, several Roads in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North Side of the Town of Iotnes, towards Ashburton, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a Place called Emmett, across the River Dart. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter' and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty- fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gojbcrtown, to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft in the County of Lincoln. 600

Lxxvii. An Act for more eifedlually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for more eifedlually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Welford(Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Milflon Lane, m tbje Town of Leicester. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Markfielel Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to AJbby-de-la-Zouch, it) the County of Leicester. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

[Local and Personal, ) 45 GB O. III.

Powers of two Acts, p^fTed in the Third and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lawton, in the County of Chejhr, to Burjltm and New-caJUt-under-!.y me, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned. 600

l*x\i An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater, to make Grants in Fee, or for Years, at referred Rente, of certain Pans of his Trust Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for the Purpose of having Buildings crested thereon, and otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars of the University of Oxford and the Right Honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor. Ibid.

lvxxiii. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Real Estates in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Offory, which have not been ibid or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, pulled by the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled', An Act for the Sals nof competent Parts of the Real Estates of the Right Honourable John Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourable Walter Butfer, commonly lied Lord Viscount Thurles, his eldejl Sort and Heir Apparent, for the Payment of Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances offering the fame; an 7 for Jett ling such Pott and Paris thereof cs shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, and for other Purpfes. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act to veil the settled Estates of John Hamilton Fitremaurice, commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees, in Trull to be sold for the Payi nent of Debts affecting the fame, and his other settled Estates; and after Payment thereof, for the Investment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of certain Real Estates and Hereditaments late of George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague deceased; and laying out the Money thence anting in the Purchase of other Real Estates. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to gtant a Building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Surrey, for the i7erm of Ninety-nine Years, to William Glutton and Robert BoxaU, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. 601

lxxxvii. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller and James Dupre Esquires; and also an Exchange between the said Bebnuttd Waller and the Trustees of his settled Estate; and also for Veiling Part of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

lxxxviri. An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Ferry-man Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Retiduc, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase. , of other Estates, to be settled to the same Ufe6, and until such Purchase be made for laying out such Residue in the Purchase of Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for authorizing the Trustees named in the Will of Jane Catherine Keate, Widow, to fell the Messuages and Tenements in Spital Fields, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised, and for investing the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and also for authorizing the granting of Building and Repairing Leases until Sale. 601

xc. An Act for vesting the Mantion House and Land, called Baling Grove, in the County of Middlesex (Part of the Estates devised by the Will of James Baillie Esquire), in Trustees upon Trull, to sell the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money anting from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said James Baillie. Ibid.

xci. An Act for dividing, and felling or dispoting of, the Common Linds and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town, and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to, arise thereby for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Town. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Can* ford, in the County of Dorset, and in the Town and County of the Town of Poole. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other Places in the Township of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other Regulations in the said Township.^Ibid.

xcv An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the First and Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitec ross, in the Parish of I. even in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley in the said County. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick. 602

xcviii. An Act to repeal Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Thirty-second Years of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River 7 hames; and to make .more effectual Regulations relating thereto. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better governing, maintaining, end employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; for providing a new Workhmfe for the Use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the Rates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned 5 and for making more effectual Provision for those and other Purposes. Ibid.

C. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, in the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and for repairing the Tower thereof. Ibid.

ci. An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipswich, in the county of . Ibid.

cii. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadjtairs, in the Isle of Thr.net, in the County of Kent. 603

ciii. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the building a Gaol and House of Correction for the Town ami County Borough of Carmarthen, and for watching and supplying the said Town with Water, and for granting further Powers'for those and otlieV Purposes relating thereto. ibid I

civ. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the Line of a

xxit The TITLES of the STATUTES,

certain Part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts for making the said CanaL 663 ev. An Act for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parities, Towufbfps, and Places of Selby, Braytou, Thorp Willoughby, Hambleton, Wiftow, Scalm Parht Ca woody Iherburn, Lennerton, Ref Parity South Mil-forth, and Barkston Ash, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cvi. An Act to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, hr regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Corn. Ibid.

ovit. An Act for making and keeping in Repair, a Carriage Road; to branch out of the Sheffield and Peniston Turnpike Road in the Township of Wadjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Doncaster and Salter's Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of Langset, in the said West Riding. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingstone, in the; Counties of Fz/Land Kinross, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queens ferry Road, in the said County of Fife. Ibid.

«ix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or FeriV over the River Severn at Newnham, to a Place called Saint white's, adjoining the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cx. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right Honourable Charles Earl Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the Prebend of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Church of Scant Paul in London, and by the Right Honourable John Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary 5 and for enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the Conient of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Frebendal Lands of KentiJbTawn, in the County of Middlesex, and for rectifying a Mistake in the present EarPs Carriage Settlement relating to those Lands. Ibid.

*xi. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector. of the Parish Church of Wimborne Saint Giles and Alba!tows, "in the County of Dorset, and the Right Honourable Anthony Ashley Earl of Shaftesbury, of Part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the Ptoperty of the said Earl, which* are more conveniently situated for the said Rector find his Successors. 604

t»L An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to, andedevised by the Will of, Sir Joseph Manvbey Baronet,

deceased, in TfufteeS to be sold, and for applying the Monica arising from the Sale thereof in the Discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Suiplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

cxiii An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Sir John Legard Baronet in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incum-brances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sums required by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the Reliduc of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.cxv. An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands-in Walworth in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury jointly with their Leffeos Henry Penton Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon Esquires, contrary to the Provisions of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for establishing Exchanges of Three Small Pieces of Freehold and Leasehold Lanas between the said Dean and Chapter and the fai<L Samuel Brandon, and the Trustees under the Will of the said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the Time, being of their Estates in Walworthf to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Premises, and for other the Eurposes therein. mentioned. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for confirming and establishing the Award ancf Decree made and passed on the Division and Inclosure of Landa. in the Township of Hutton's A mho, in the North. Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames from uift Rarish of Saint Mary. Rot her hi the, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Side of the said River, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act to alter* amend, and enlarge, the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present* Majesty, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Mmdjhne, in the County, of Kent. 606

cxix. An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the ParUH of Saint Giles Camberwell, and Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary's Lambeth, and several other Parishe* and Place, in the County of Surrey, with Water. Ibid.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Henry Julius Winter.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishea of T!rimley Saint Maryt Trlmley Saint Martin, Kirton> and NaBon, in the County of Suffolk.

3. An Act to enable Josephlhompfon Whateley Esquire, and Sarah his Wife, and their respective I flue, to take and use the Surname, and Arms of*Halsey, pursuant to the Will of Fndemh ikaffey Efijoire, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Antony.

5. An Act to relieve the Right Honourable John Thynmr-commonly called Lord John Thyime, who was dected to fer-ve in tffrs present Parliament for the City of Bath, front certain Penalties and Disabilkies which he has incurred, by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without, having taken the Oaths, and in other-Respect conformed to the Laws in such Case made and provided.

{Local and Personal, not printed, ) 45 GEO. III.

6. An Act for naturalizing John Gerard GtUer.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Muller.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Michael Malonek.

9. An Act for naturalizing Ludewig August Leukfcld.

10. An Act for naturalizing Christian William Mafias.

11. An Act for naturalizing Fricderick Gottlieb Wolf.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great B ranted, in the County of EJfix.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Newton. in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act to enable Daniel Henry Woodward, Esquire, and his Sons and their Issue and Dtfeendants, to use the Surnames of Lee Warner, and to use the Arms of the Family of Henry Lee Warner Esquire* deteaLd, pursuant to the Will of the said Henry Lee Warner.

15. An Act for naturalizing Jacob William Joining.

16. An Act for naturalizing Francis Albert Leonard Strick van Linfehoten.

17. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Hulle.

18. An Act for naturalizing Herman Mertens.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pulling, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bnuflead, in the County of Norfolk.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea and Cleaverton, in the County of Wilts.

22. An Act for naturalizing James Samuel Pons.

23. An Act for naturalizing Htrmanue Vos.

24. An Act for inclosing Land, in the Parish of Thurleigh, in the County of Bedford.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands In the Parish of Swaton, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cherington, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sudbome, in the County of Suffolk.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fareham, in the County of Southampton.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham Saint Mary, Gillingham All Saints, Wiriflon, and Winded, in the County of Norfolk.

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rujhock, in the County of Worcester.

[Evidence Clause.]

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

33. An Act for inclosing the Commons called The Pertby and New Marion Common, in the Parish of EUefmere, in the County of Salop.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Mknor and Parish of Crarford Saint John, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

35. An Act for inclosi g Lands in the Parish of Milverton, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

36. An Act for naturalizing Henry John Rucker.

37. An Act for naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Lewfs Frederick Gautier, and Dennis Benjamin Charlery,

36. An Act for naturalizing Henry Huguenin.

39. An Act for naturalizing Schweickhert Schweickhert.

40. An Act for naturalizing Matews Thomas Francis Hommey.

41. An Act for naturalizing John Henoch Christian Dege.

42. An Act for vesting a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish of Petworth, in the County of Sussex, and is the

Parish of Ealing, in the County of Southampton, (Parcel of the Ertates entailed with the Castle and Manor of Arundel^ by the Act of Parliament made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First) in Truflfces, upon Trust* to fell* and for laying ont the Monies in the Purchase of a more convenient Estate.

43. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portion*-of the Lands and Barony of Gorthy and others lying in the County of Perth, to and in favour cf Thomas Graham. Esquire, of Balgowan, and a certain Series of Heirs in Fee' Tail, and in lieu thereof for vesting the Lands of Meckven-and others lying in the County of Perth affcresaid, in the said TThomas Graham, his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish i.fThingdont Otherwise Fine don^ in the County <) £ Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shir bum, iir the County of Oxford.

[And for making Compensation for Glebe.]

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish cVCol/lerworth, in the County of Lincoln % and fur making Compensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptree, io> the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of> MethwolJ, -in the County of Norfolk.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pvrford, in the Parishes of Pyrford and Chertsey, or One of them, in the County of Surrey.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

50. An Act for inclosing Land* in the Township of Darfield^r in the Wtrt Riding of the County of York.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alford, lathe County of Somerfit.

[And for making Compensation for Glebe.]

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of 'Mareham on the Hill in the County oL Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

53. An Act for naturalizing George James Dofcic,

54. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Warin.

57. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Lorch

56. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates late of^ Mary Greene, Widow, deceased, situate irt the County of Norfolk, and by her Will devtfed or limited to ftrid Uses, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Montes-arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of an Incumbrance fubfifiing thereon, and for laying out the Residue of:

- such Monies in the Purchase of'other h Hates, tube settled to the same Ufea.-57 An Act for vesting certain Trust Eftites in the Trustee* of- the Scutlcment executed on the Marriage of*Henry Cox- well Esquire, and Margaret.his Wife. fS. An Act- for vetting in Thomas Roper cf'Bfbopfgate Street9 in the City of London, Builder, a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Little Saint Helens, in the said City of-Lon- dorr, the Ertate of: Mary Smith, an Infant, and for applying the Purchase. Money for the same in the Manner therein dirt&ed.

£9, An Act for uolofing Lands in the Paufh - of Broadmain<r, in the County of Dorset.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of WUchford, Afsott, and Stowerton, in the Parish of Whichford, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of New Alresford in the County of Southampton.

STATUTES, 45 GEO. III. (not. print, ah)

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the City and County Palatine of Chester.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Franfham, Little Franfham, and North Pickenham, in the County of Norfolk.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scoufton, in the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Byerfgrecn and Old Park, in the County of Durham.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Threjhfield and Skirethorns, and Burnfal\ in the West Riding of the County of York

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tredingtoh, in the County of Glanceder.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

68. An Act for inclosing, embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the Township of Fctnol, in the Parish of Towyn, in the County of Merioneth.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlets of RyhiU and Camerton, in the East Riding of the Couniy of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the Paid Township or Hamlets.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex,

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Briningham, Stody, and Brinton in the County of Norfolk,

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bramhope, in the Parish of Otley, in the Well: Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

73. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of S/ialewell, in the County of Cambridge.

74. An Act for dividing certain Lands in the Parish of Norton Bavanty in the County of Wilts.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bainbridge and Parish of Aifgarlb in the County of York.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas West on Esquire with Frances Mary Lcnn his now Wife, and to enable him to m^rry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

77. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Brunt,

78. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Borrell.

79. An Act for naturalizing Gustavus Flindt.

80. An Act for naturalizing Caroline Emestine Frederica Sophia Baroness De Stein, of Nordheim, in the Empire of Germany, Wife of John Charles Mellish Esquire.

81. An Act for naturalizing Georg Conradt StrobeI.

82. An Act for naturalizing Christian August Efchke.

83. An Act for naturalizing Christian Appold\

84. An Act for naturalizing Joshua Gotlreux.

85. An Act for naturalizing John Bernhard la Marche.

86. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chearfley, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

87. An Act to enable the Trufbtes therein named to erect and build a new Bridge over the River Avon, on the North West Side of the Manor of Bath Wick, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the Parish of Walcot, and the Road from the City of Bath to London; and also to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for that Purpose, by a Charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney.

88. An Act for settling and securing certain Part? of thet-rindi of Redeloak arid Fin May Jinn, lying in the Parish of Fetterejfo and County of K'ncardine., upon and to and in favour of Robert Barclay Ai.\.rJice, of Uric, Esquire, and the same Series of Hfeirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail made by Robert Barclay of Uric, deetdfed; and hr vesting in the said Robert Barclay AUardie, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Siirtple, certain Part- of the Darony of Urle, lying in the said County of Kincardine.

89. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish* of Anderby, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

90. An Act for in doling Lands in Frolesworth in the County of Leicester.

91. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paiifii of Some ford Keynes, in the County of Wilts.

[Common for Twelve Beasts.]

92. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Atdbcurn,

otherwise Aldborne, otherwise Albov tie, iVi the County of Wilts.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes.of Euft MM ling and Teston, in the County of Kent.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

94. An Act for inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughlon Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Cloughton in Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the same into a Stinted Pallure.

95. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordship of Manton, other\vife Mount on, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

96. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondsworth* , in the County of Middlesex

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

97. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Swajfhatii Prior, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

98. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Alafi Hyde Gardner with Maria Elizabeth Adder ley, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

99. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Moore with Barbara Brabafon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Lingham the younger, with Eliza I/tr.ghawi his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

101. An Act for naturalizing Thomas Luppino.

102. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Minor of Dulwich, in the County of Surrey.

103. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Chelmorton and Flagg, in the Parish of Bakewell, in the County of Derby.

[Compensation for Small Tythes.]

104. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings cf Enford, Fifield, Coombe, Longflrect, and East Chifenbury, in the Parish of Enford in the County of Wilts.

[Compensation for Glebe and Small Tythes.]

105. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cherry Orton otherwise Overton Watervile, and Alwalton, in ihe County of Huntingdon.

[For making Compensation for Tythes.]

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FOURTH Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

46 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to empower the Auditor of the Exchequer to constitute a Trustee for the Execution of the said Office in the Case therein mentioned. Page 609

2. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. 610

3. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. Ibid.

4. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Lady Viscountess Nelson, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick. Ibid.

5. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Strachan Baronet, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick. Ibid.

6. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. 611

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and six. Ibid.

8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 611

9. An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports. Ibid.

10. An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof. 612

11. An Act for allowing the Exportation of Corn and other Articles for the Use of His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons. Ibid.

12. An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and for granting a Duty upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six; and for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven. 613

13. An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on Cuthbert Lord Collingwood, and the several other Persons therein described, in Consideration of the signal and important Service performed by the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwood to His Majesty and the Publick. Ibid.

14. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland. 613

15. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man. 614

16. An Act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty, and the United States of America. 615

17. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom, of Wool from the British Plantations in America. Ibid.

18. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Operation of an Act, paised in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture. Ibid.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. 616

20. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. Ibid.

21. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied. Ibid.

22. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. Ibid.

23. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom. Ibid.

24. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 617

25. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. Ibid.

26. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. Ibid.

27. An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His late Majesty, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties Excise. 617

28. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland. Ibid.

29. An Act for reviving and continuing several Laws of Customs relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the 111 and of Newfoundland; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, Until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for continuing several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and for continuing an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for reviving and continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven; and for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the free Importation into Great Britain of Cochineal and Indigo, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine. Ibid.

30. An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. 619

31. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain. Ibid.

32. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland to issue Treasury Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for making forth Duplicates of Treasury Bills lost or destroyed. Ibid.

33. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by way of Annuities. 621

34. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. 621

35. An Act to revive and amend so much of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, as provides for the exempting from the said Duties, Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. Ibid.

36. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as charges a Duty of Three Shillings upon certain Tenements or Dwelling Houses in Ireland. Ibid.

37. An Act to declare the Law with respect to Witnesses refusing to answer. 622

38. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs upon Tea imported into Great Britain, and granting a Duty in lieu thereof; and for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties of Excise on Tea. Ibid.

39. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff. 623

40. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Vice Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick. 624

41. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. Ibid.

42. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain. 629

43. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Appraisements and on Licences to Appraisers in Great Britain. 629

44. An Act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, the Duties on Wine granted by Two Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty. 631

45. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Treasurer of the Ordnance. Ibid.

46. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. 632

47. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities or Debentures for the Service of Ireland. 633

48. An Act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment, of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man. Ibid.

49. An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh. Ibid.

50. An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited. Ibid.

51. An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty fourth Years respectively of His present Majesty's Reign, for the raising and establishing an Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm. Ibid.

52. An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Majesty's Subjects, into amy Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order, made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases), into any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports. 634

53. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, into and out of His Majesty's West India Islands, and the Colonies, Settlements, and Territories, which have been conquered by His Majesty's Arms. 641

54. An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea. 642

55. An Act to provide for the Payment, at the Bank of Ireland, of the Interest on certain Debentures now payable at the Exchequer of Ireland; and also for altering the Days of Payment of the Interest or Dividends on certain Annuities in Ireland. Ibid.

56. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation. 643

57. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster. Ibid.

58. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Taxes in Ireland.

59. An Act to regulate the Packing of Butter in Ireland for Sale or Exportation. 647

60. An Act for amending an Act passed in Ireland, in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making more effectual, the several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom, so far only as relates to the said charitable Bequest. Ibid.

61. An Act to authorize certain Publick Officers to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage. 640

62. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar, and Tea into and from Ireland. 649

63. An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for raising and establishing an Additional Force in Ireland for the Defence of the Realm. 651

64. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland. 652

65. An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties. 677

66. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 743

67. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Spirits made in Ireland. 747

68. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities and Abuses which might have taken Place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin. 749

69. An Act for making better Provision for Soldiers. Ibid.

70. An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in Inland. 750

71. An Act to amend several Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals within Ireland. 753

72. An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into, and from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola. 754

73. An Act for granting Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Gibraltar and the Island of Malta. 755

74. An Act for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships. Ibid.

75. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Excise in England. 756

76. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in England. 757

77. An Act for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution. 758

78. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned. 759

79. An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, in pursuance of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty. Ibid.

80. An Act to provide for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the Publick Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein. 760

81. An Act for better encouraging the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain. 763

82. An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London; and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed. 767

83. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England. 771

84. An Act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children. 772

85. An Act for reviving and continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service, 773

86. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Castle of Norwich, with the Common Gaol, Castle Hill, and certain Land adjacent thereto, in the County of Norfolk, and for vesting the same in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Use thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto. 774.

87. An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland; and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon. 775

88. An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation. 795.

89. An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament. 814

90. An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His Subjects in England, under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm. 817,

91. An Act for the Return of correct Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty; and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two Years. 827

92. An Act to amend Three Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-first, and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post. 830

93. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. 832

94. An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland. Ibid.

95. An Act for the more effectually regulating and providing, for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland. Ibid.

96. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the making, repairing, widening, or fencing of Publick Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges, Pipes, or Gullets. 835

97. An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain, between Great Britain and Ireland. 836

98. An Act for making additional and further Provisions for the effectual Performance of Quarantine in Great Britain. 837

99. An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain. 840

100. An Act to empower the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to make certain Allowances to old, infirm, or wounded or disabled Officers in the Royal Navy, and to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Allowances, and for the Increase of Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines. 840

101. An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Greenwich, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Chest. 842

102. An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distilling or rectifying Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland; on Worts or Wash made for extracting Spirits; and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland; and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Malt. 843

103. An Act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon. 850

104. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation. 851

105. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover. Ibid.

106. An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland. 852

107. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fve; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts. 867

108. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors. 869

109. An Act for reducing the Bounty payable on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing the like Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar Candy, as is payable on refined Sugar. Ibid.

110. An Act for granting, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. Ibid.

111. An Act for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships, into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America. 870

112. An Act to amend the Laws of Excise, so far as relates to Prosecutions for Penalties, to the counterfeiting the Stamps on the Wrappers of Paper, and to the punishing Persons guilty of Perjury. Ibid.

113. An Act to permit, for and during the Continuance of the present War, French Wines to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions. 872

114. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies. Ibid.

115. An Act to permit Raisins, Currants, and Figs to be exported from Great Britain, Duty free. Ibid.

116. An Act to allow certain Articles to be exported from Gibraltar and Malta, direct to His Majesty's Colonies in North America, in Return for British American Fish. 873

117. An Act to permit until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, or of Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free. Ibid.

118. An Act to extend the Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London, and for authorising the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase Somers and Lyons Quays in the said Port. Ibid.

119. An Act to prohibit for Two Years after the Conclusion of the present Session of Parliament, any Ships to clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of taking on board Negroes, unless such Ships shall have been previously employed in the African Trade, or contracted for, for that Purpose. 874

120. An Act to coutinue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven: and several Acts for granting Duties upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, and for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven; and to amend several of the said Acts. 875

121. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the First Year of King James the Second, as prohibits the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and Utensils of War, from Ireland. Ibid.

122. An Act to revive and amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, for enabling the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners for enquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted for the Purposes of Education, and into the State and Conditions of all Schools in Ireland. Ibid.

123. An Act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown, and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Ireland. 876

124. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, under certain Restrictions. 877

125. An Act for regulating the Rank of Officers in Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

126. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. Ibid.

127. An Act to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families. 880

128. An Act for making Provision for such Matters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of religning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Matters in Ordinary of the said Court. 881

129. An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respect of the said Office. 885

130. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty. 884

131. An Act for exonerating the Estates of Percival Lewis Esquire, and Marianne Lewis Spinster, in the Parish of Putney in the County of Surrey, from the Claims of His Majesty against the Estate of Edward Lewis Esquire, deceased. Ibid.

132. An Act for erecting a Light House on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eattern Coast of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, towards that Purpose. Ibid.

133. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax. 885

134. An Act to provide for the Security and Expedition of the Conveyance of Letters by the Post in Ireland. 887

135. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts. 888

236. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof. 889

137. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to be given by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Matters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty. 891

138. An Act to repeal Part of the Excise Countervailing Duty on Irish Hops imported; for granting an Excise Countervailing Duty on the Importation of Irish Window Glass; and to exempt Tiles made for the Purpose of draining Lands from the Duties of Excise. 893

139. An Act for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven. 894

140. An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of England and Scotland respectively as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the said Militia. 896

141. An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom. 897

142. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forests. 900

143. An Act for enquiring into the State of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same. 902

144. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, so far as the same relates to the City of London. 903

145. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family. 904

146. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelson and the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may descend; and for granting a Sum of Money to purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title; and also, for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of the Sisters of the late Vice-Admiral Viscount Nelson; in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick. Ibid.

147. An Act to enable His Majesty to continue a certain Annuity to George now Lord Rodney, Grandson of George Brydges Lord Rodney, in Consideration of the eminent Services rendered to His Majesty and the Publick by the said George Brydges Lord Rodney. 905

148. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. Ibid.

149. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 908

150. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain. 912

151. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant new Leases on former Rents for the Benefit of Charitable Institutions, or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Corporations. 914

152. An Act to stay, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, or Informations under an Act made in the Second Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, so far as relates to the buying of Oak Bark and rough Hides and Calves Skins in the Hair. Ibid.

153. An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Harbours of the United Kingdom. 915

154. An Act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were situated, and erecting new Buildings in lieu thereof. Ibid.

155. An Act for applying certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards making Canals, Harbours, and other Publick Works there. Ibid.

156. An Act for appropriating certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Use of the British Fisheries, and the erecting a Lunatick Asylum at Edinburgh, and the Payment of the Officers of the late Board of annexed Estates in Scotland. Ibid.

157. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland. 916

158. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, Esquires, in Scotland. 916

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An for lighting such Part of the Town of Islington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein; and for removing and preventing Nuisances within the said Town and Parish. 917

ii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Bridgewater Street, in Manchester, across the River Irwell, through Salford to Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and several Branches of the Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

iii. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, to provide convenient Court Houses for holding the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the said Riding. Ibid.

iv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof, and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church. 918

v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road, from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleasley, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Tinflcy, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County. Ibid.

vii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Thiity-second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Fourteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Gra/fington, in the County of York, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Knaresborough to the Junction of the Road from Ripon to Pateley Bridge. Ibid.

viii An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en larging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing*the Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Wailing Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for .making a new Branch of Road adjoining or near to the said Roads. Ibid.

ix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wymondham in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

x. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish oi East RuJlony in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xi. An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Beflhorpe, in the County of Norfolk. 918

xii. An Act to enable the Huddersfield Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to flnifti and complete the Huddersfeld Canal, and so* amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Aid Canal. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Huddersfeld, in the West Riding of the County of York, to a I lace called New lley, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith. i. Ibid.

xiv An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Lymington, in the County of Southampton; and for amending and widening the Road to Wilverly Post, in the New. Forest. Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Calling ton in the County of Cornwall. 919

xvi. An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Re.ief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, to raise a farther Sum of Money for completing the rurposes of the said Act. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Millbridge to Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Biff all, all in the West. Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xviii; An Act for continuing the Term, and altering anden-larging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingh m, to Haiuton, in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described. Ibid.

xix. An Act for the Regulation of the Oyster, Sole, and Salmon Fisheries, within the Harbour ot M Iford, in the County of Pembroke, and the Rivers running into the said Harbour. Ibid.

xx. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to amend the several Acts paiicu for making and maintaining the said Canal. 920

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xxi. An Act For amending, altering, and enlarging, the

Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving, and otherwise improving, the borough of King9! Lynn, in the County of Norfolk. 920

xxii. An Act for regulating the Charities of John West, of London, Gentleman, and Frances his Wife, both deceased md.

xxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Martock, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xxlr. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Scotforth, in the Parish of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed for paving, pitching, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and other Places within the City of Bristol and Liberties thereof. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town and Township of Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with Water. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Lutterworth Hand, on the Wailing Street Road, through \Jjurchover, Brownfover, Newbold

upon Avon, Rugby and Billon, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dimchurch and Hillmorton, in the said County. 92 :

Jttix. An Act to extend the Provisions of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to repairing certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Aberdeen, to other Roads Within the said County. Ibid.

xxx. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-fourth Years - of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Linco Vi. Ibid.

Xxxi. An d to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of York to provide a convenient House, with suitable Ac commodations, for His Majesty's Judges of the Assizes at the said County. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for more effectually preventing Fraud*; and

Abuses in the Admeasurement and Delivery or Coals within the several Parishes lying between the Parishes ot Eghm and Rotherhithe, both in cl u five, in the County of Surrey I id jixxiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years bf King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.9fi

xxxiv. An Act for erecting a Pier, and other Works, for the

Improvement of the Harbour «f Porthdinlleyn in Carnarvon Bay, in the County of Carnarvon Iii i

xxxv. An Act to altei and amend an Act, passed in the Forty,

third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and rendering mv e commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for amending an Act, pafifed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the ler titory ofbaint Anthony's and Yardhcads, thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts threof with Freflo V/tiler, and for the better regulating the Rtlic.* of the said Town and Territory, and of the Town of North Leith, Coalhili and

Citadel, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto. 927

xxxvii. An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Grimsby, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of the City of Cork, and for supplying the said Gaol with Water. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for better repairing the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of Exeter, and County of the said City, and for amending an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof\ and for the better Regulation of the Watch within the said City and County, and for otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

xl An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xli. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty, for ighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of BoJlony in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and Other publick Passage* and Places within the City of Lichfield\ and the Suburbs thereof. Ibid.

xliii An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, repair* ing, and improving, the Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Lewes, in the County of /*ujfex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Buxton, Hevtngh m9 Marshqm, Stratton .>trawless, S want on Abbot, Burgh next Aylsham, S key ton, Brampton, and Oxnead, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Bridge across the River Severn, at Gloucester, called The Weflgate Bridge, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ccsham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester, and for more effectually repairing the Lid Road. Ibid.

xlvii An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Wcrcesler, and for repealing the Laws then in force relating to the said Roads. 928

xlviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, and for better regulating the Statute Labour, and making and repairing the High Reads and Bridges iu^the said County of Roxburgh. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, o' Two Acts, passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on F rr ti l9s Common, through Holt and MAhJbam> to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of Laeock, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

l. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving,

(Local &? Personal, )46 GEO. III. xxxiii

the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hilly and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hilly in the County of Gloucester. 928

li. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, oafled in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding to a certain Place called Tydd Goaty in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said County. Ibid.

lii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wivclif-combcy in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for amending and widening certain ether Roads adjoining thereto. Ibid.

liii. An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post at the Top of Stanwiec Bank, near the City of Carlisle, to Westlinton Bridge, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

liv. An Act to enable the Duchess Dowager of Dorset, or other the Guardians for the Time being of the infant Children of the Most Noble John Frederick late Duke of Dorset, to execute Leases for long Terms of Years, and to execute Conveyances of Lands within the Manor of Bexhill, otherwise Beckejley, in the County of Sussex, for working Mines and other Substances within or under the fame, and for other the Purposes within mentioned. Ibid.

It. An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by the Will of Hannah Bedford Widow, of and in^ several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for inverting the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chan eery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for effecting an Exchange between Sir Edmund Craddock Hartopp Baronet, and Edward Hartopp Wigley ifquire, of Estates in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

Ivii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for maintaining a wooden Bridge over the River Clyde, from the City of Glfgow to Hutchison Town, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

lix. An Act to alter and amend several Acts, passed in the Fortieth, Forty-fotirth, and Forty-fifth Years ot His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for other the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company, 929

lx. An Act for more effectually paving and keeping in repair, the Footways and Crosspaths, and lighting and clear, sing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for watching and watering the said Town.

9: 0

lxi. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Great Tor-mouth, in the County of Norfolk, and rebuilding the Tower thereof. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, parted for repairing the Roads from the Town of Selby to the Town of Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Roads leading from Leeds to Half ax, and the Roads 46 Geo. III.

called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, all in the West Riding of the County of York. 93O

lxiii. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Manchesterx in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to Ashton under Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Pa* latine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable William WicoontLowther and the Devisees under the Will of the Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonf> dale, and to enable the said William Viscount Lowther to enfranchised certain of or Customary Lands, Parcel or holden of certain Manors in the Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, devised by the said Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for vesting certain Estates m or near SweetingV Alley, in the City of London (Part of the Estates devised by the Wills of Ann Cheflyn and Frances Cheflyn Spinsters) in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watchingr and otherwise improving, the City of Norwich. 93 \*-

lxviii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding, the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough-and Liberty of Saint Albany in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Duflon, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

lx.Y. An Act for moie effectually repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettleham Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the North East Part of the said County, and other Roads therein described, in the said County. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and from Kilbarchan to Inchinnan Bridge, isl the County of Renfrew. 9^2

lxxii. An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Savile Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be fetthd in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for inclosing ind embanking Lands in the Parishes of Lhindwrog, IJanwnda, and Llanfaglen, in the County of Carnarvon. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for opening anl improving certain Streets in the City of GJafgow, and for removing the Slaughter Ho uses in the said City to a more convenient Situation. Ibid.

ixxv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Harbour of Ardrjfan, in the County of Ayr, to Tradejlown, near Glafjow, in the County of Lanark, and a collateral Cut from the Lid Canal to the Coal works at Hurlet, in the County of Renfrew. lxxvi. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty,

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for raising Money futiicient to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said Square 932

lxxvii. An Act for more effectually maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, and other Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a nightly Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Sparham and Billingford, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Saint Andrew Lord Saint John in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies arising therefiom, and the Purchase Monies of Part of the said Estates already fold under a Power of Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance upon such EHates, and for inverting the Residue of such Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

hcKX. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Marmaduke\?Xt Lord Lar^daie, in the County of York, and limited to other Uses by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable William tourton with Catherine his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trail, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fublilling Uses limited by the said Will and Settlement. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for vesting several yearly Rents and Fine0 payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for enabling the Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors to enfranchise certain of or Cullomary Estates holden of Manors belonging to the See of Durham, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Freehold Estates, to be settled upon the said Lord Bishop and his Successors. Ibid.

lxxxii. An A<Sl for veiling Part of the Real Estates devised by the Will and Codicils of Henry Lee Warner Esquire, deceased, in new Trustees, during the Term of Five hundred Years, upon certain Trulls created by the said Will and Codicils, and for authorizing, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, the Sale of*Estates lately belonging to the said Henry Lee Warner, which are lit 11 ate in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Northampton, and Kent, and in the City and County of the City of Canterburyand for applying the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies under the Direction of the said Court, in the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the F eal Estates late of the said Henry Lee If 'amer, or in the Purchase of Estates'in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the Uses of, the Estates so fold. 933

lxxxiii. An Act to extend the Powers given to, and veiled in, the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpf all, and Tctlow, in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, by an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Triflees of certain Lands in Manchester, Crumpfall, and Tetlow, in v the County of Iaut, caster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make

Leases for Tear* upon Rash Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee of and upon all or any Bart of the said Larn/s under reftrved Yearly Rents. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for enabling the Guardians of Francis Outram, as Infant, or of the Persons for the Time being entitled to the

Freehold*in Possession of the Moiety of certain Estates situate in or near Ancoats Lane, Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, during their Minorities, to carry into Execution certainContradls entered into with the several Persons therein named for Sale of Part thereof, and also for enabling such Guardians to convey the Residue in Fee Simple for building upon, reserving Rent?, or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owners for the Time being of the other Moiety of the same Estates in carrying into Execution such Contradls, and in making such Conveyances or Leases respectively, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 933 lxxxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Griflon, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open Fields in the Parish of Moundford, in the County of Norfo.k. Ibid.

lxxwii An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Twenty-second and Thirty-second' Years of His late Majesty, for the mpre easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes and Places in the said Acts mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act to explain, amend, and extend the Powers and Provision3 of an passed in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy ecovery of Small Debts, within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey. 934

lxxxix. An Act for the better belief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Sqr^.es and other Passages and Places, and keeping a Nightly Watch, for raising Money for repairing the Highways in cert on Parts of the said Parish; and for raising Money to repair the Church of the said Parish. Ibid.

xq. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for watching, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of S int Mary-le-brnet in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof. Ibid.

xci. An Act to provide a Fund for repairing and imprortng the Harbour of Dunbar, and other publick Works within the Burgh of Dunbar. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for improving the Birmingham Canal Navigation. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon, Alcrjlham, and Godstone Iron Railway to complete the same. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to complete the same. Ibid.

xcv. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford between

Brandon River tnd Sam's Cut Drain. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, Two Acts, of the Twenty-second Year of King George the Second and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parirties of Sutton, Mcpaly Witch am, Chatteris y and a Place called By id Fcny in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and for adding thereto certain other Fen Lands in Sutton and Chatteris lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Acts. 935 xcvii. An Act to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of several Houses in Pickett Street, Temple Bar, in die Panlh of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex^ and in Skinner Street, Snow Hill; and on Snow Hill, and in

XXXV

(Local & Perfortal, ) 46 GEO. III.

Fleet Market, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, by Lottery. 935

xctiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Road leading from tho North Side of Cyvcndj/h Bridge, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Derby, to Brajfttgton, in the said County. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the S cond and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the

- Roads from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping Steve Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lin-

coin, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Mor-

cot, in the County of Rutland. Ibid.

C. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, r of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present May fty, f for repairing the Road from the End of Sianlridge Lane, in the Parish of Romjiy, to the Turnpike Road at k iddie'Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

d. An Act for amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Kilculien, in the County of Kildare to the Town of Carlow. Ibid.

cn. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the

Road leading from the WestEnd of the Town of Btaeonsfield, in the County of Buckingham, to within Haifa Mile of the

River Colne near Uxbridge, in the of County Middlesex. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for reparing

several Roads therein described, so far as the said Acts relate

to the District of Road between Pateley Bridge and Grajfug-ton> in the County of Pork. Ibid.

civ. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, and.cf certain Leasehold Tythes, late of Charles Mellish Esquire,

deceased, and for applying the Purchase Monies in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to he settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

cv. An Act for ascertaining the Farms and Lands in the Parish of Inglifhcombe, in the County of Somerst, of which the Great w Tidies shall be paid to, or taken by, the Vicar for the Time dbeing of that Parish. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Thomas Scrape, of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased,

' in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Purchase'Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery,

in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the sing£ Uses. Ibid.

cvii. An Act Mteodofing and draining Lands in the Honor, Manor, and {with of Wormcgay, in the County of Norfolk.

9.36 f

cviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Newby, in the County of Westmorland. - Ibid.

cix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Cfilum, in the County of IVeffmorland. Ibid.

cx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of dlfnpthill, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

cxj. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common over certain Parcels of Land, in the Parish of Chiswick, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of

Holme Cult ram, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port! of London, by.making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the 'Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Township of Stockport and Brirmington, and within the Hamlets of E'geley and Brinkfway, all in the County Palatine of Chester. t 9^2

cxv. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts of Parliament for improving the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland. 943

cxvi. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Burgh of Paisley, and Suburbs thereof; for improving and forming certain Streets, and ercdling a Bridewell w Work-huufc therein; and for regulating the Police and Markets. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town, and for removing and preventing NuifiI'cesand Annoyances therein. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Daventry, in the County of Northampton, and for regulating the Market there; and for enabling the Bailiff, Burge lies, and Commonalty of the Borough of Daventry, to purchase the Moot Hall, and to rebuild the fame. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Kenftngtcn, HammerJ'mitl), Brentford, Batterfey, Putney, Rich-mcmd, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey. Ibid.

cxx. An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Kibble, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Otife, in the County of liffex. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of the Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish Church therein. Ibid.

cxviv. An Act to enable the Veitrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, to provide an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and to erect a Chapel therein, and also other Buildings and Conveniences for the Rcfldence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 944.

cxxv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Forty-second and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads, to communicate with the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts for repairing the Carmen Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, a new Branch, to communicate with the East India Docks. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifteenth Yeare of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New market, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and other Roadsmentioned in the said Act. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading to and from the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whiteh(tvenr in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xxxvi The TITLES

cxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Flitwick, in the County of Bedford. 944

cxxix. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Evcrjholty in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for rebuilding the Court House and Butter Market House of the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for felling certain Waste Lands belonging to the said Parish. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of the Honourable Thomas Brandy in the County of Hertford, for other his settled Estates in the said County of Hertford, and in the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, and Surrey, and in the City of London. Ibid.

cxxxii An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rer dering more commodious f and for bciltr regulafing. the P rt of London, so far as the same relates to the Compeni'ations to be made by certain Commissioners therein named. H id

cxxxiii. An Act for enabling the Commissioners act ing in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and thb Private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the same into Effect. 945 cxxxiv. An Act for ornamenting and embellishing the Centre or Area of Bloomsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint George Blo&msbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Hackney Coaches (landing or plying for Hire in and near the said Square. Ib d.

cxxxv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within th* Town and Liberties of Beverley, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water. Ibid.

Cxxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairin^the Roads from a Place called Pijfs Elm, in the Tewkesbury Turnpike Road, through CheU tenham, to Elston Church, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

Cxxxviii. An Act for addling the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Caithness, towards the Expence of supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland 946

xxxix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed iR the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of , Barnstaple> in the County of Devon. Ibid.

of the STATUTE?,

exh An Act for appointing new Trust c*s of certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for authorizing the Appli-cation of Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and of other Estates, towards the Augmentation of the Stipends of the Curates of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, in the County of York, and for appointing anotLr AfTistant Curate of the said Church, and for other Purpoh therein mentioned. 9^6

cxli. An Act for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, a Sum of Money sufficient to pay off and discharge certain Incumbrances affecting certain Estates mentioned in a Deed of Settlement, bearing Date the Eleventh Day oSeptember One thousand seven hundred nncl ninety-nir.e, made on the Intermarriage of James O'Reilly, of Balirafna, in the County of Mcaihy Esquire, and Henrietta Nugent, his Wife; and for the more effectually canning into Execution the Trusts of said Deed, and of certain other Deeds therein and herein particularly mentioned. Ibid.

cxlii. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Edward Demy Baronet, of Tralee, in the Co*inty of Kerry, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Incumbrances a fleet ing the fame, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxliii. An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent, to grant Building Leases thereof. Ibid.

cxliv. An Act for establishing and well-governing the Charitable Institution, commonly called The Philanthropic Society formed for the Protection of Poor Children, the Offspring of Coa-vifted Felons; and for the Reformation of Children who have themselves been engaged in Criminal Practices; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks. 947

cxlvi. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Susannah Harriot Eyre, the Wife of William Eyre Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off Incumbrances and Charges upon such Estates,

and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for enabling a married Person to hold and enjoy the Office of Warden of Wadham College, in the University of Oxford. 948

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act for naturalizing John Diederick Holm.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Houghton Conqucjly in the County of Bedford

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Baggot, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

4. An Act for naturalizing Sophia Countess of Mengden and Baroness of Piet ten berg, in the Circle of Westphalia, in the Empire of Germany.

5. An Act for naturalizing Seigmund Rucker.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Witchford\ in the JJlt of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

7. An Act for naturalizing Thomas Adolphus Knollock.

8. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Amcdee Mieville.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Elftemwicky in the Parish of Humbletony in the East; Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Parish of Owthorn9 in the East Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

11. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Barony of Crimond, called Lcg'ey in the County of Aberdeen, and a Portion of the Common of Cowie, comprized in a Deed of Entail executed by Vice Admiral Robert Duffy upon the Thirteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled upon the same Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Entail, and for feuing certain Parts of the Barony of Fcttereffo9 in the County of Kincardine.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Township of Dacre and Soulbjy in the Manor and Parish of Dacre, in the County of Cumberland.

[And for making Compensation for small Tythes.]

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hamprefton, in the Counties of Dorset and Southampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Staffield, otherwise Staff ell9 in the Parish of Kirkofwaldy in the County of Cumberland

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Hope, Brad well, A.on, and Thornhilly in the Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kingsley otherwise Kinfarey in the Parish of Tettenhally in the County of Stafford.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors and Parisheffof Wvrjicld and Claverley, and in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Magdalene and : .^uatford, within the Town and Liberties of Bridgncrthy in the County of Salop.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Mcnxtotiy in the County of Southampton.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Troftcn, in the County of Suffolk.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheame, in the County of Surrey,

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of LI ndanwg and LIdnfhangel y-Yr: >cthau, in the County of Merioneth.

[ Allotment to His Muje y as Lord of the Lotdship of Ar-du: l\vy, /fl Right of His Grown.]

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bushey, in the County of Hertford.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sherfield English, in the County of Southampton.

9

24. An Act for allotting Lands in the Township of SandHuttony in the Parish of Boffaly in the North Riding of the County of York.

25. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Haclford, in the County of Norfolk.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Gotheringtotiy in the Parish of Bishops Cleevc9 in the County of Gloucester.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

27. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, District, and Liberties of Bownefsy in the Barony of Burgh, in the County of Cumberland.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brink worth, in the County of Wilts.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanienialen, in the County of Carnarvon.

30. An Act for naturalizing Jphu Christian Wohlmann.

31. An Act to enable the Guardians of Jane MagdaTtne Williams, Elizabeth Williams and Maria Catherine Williams, Infants, to grant a Lease, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, of certain Veins of Coal, Culin, and Iron Ore, in the Parish of Codoxstone, near Neath, in the County of Glamorgan.

32. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of York, strictly entailed by the Will of Ralph Belly late of Thirjh, in the County of Yoriy Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of York, to be settled to the fameUfes.

33. An Act for amending an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harrow, in the County of Middlesex.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kirlby Hill and Langthorpcy In the North Riding of the Counyr of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Offord Darcey§ in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parifttes of Llanruy and Llanheblig, in the County of Carnarvon.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Thurlow, in the County of Suffolk.

38. An Act for inclosing Lidgemoor Common, in the Parish of King's Pyon9 in the County of Hereford.

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Wick jvxta Perfhorey with Wike Bushel and Wyke Waryn, all in the Parish of Saint Andrew in Perjhorcy in the County of Worcester.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

40. An Act for enabling Henry Earl of Aberg /venny to gmnt a New Lease of certain entailed Mines and Hereditaments in the County of Monmouth.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Easton, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the rarish of Kilnwicky in the East Riding of the County of York

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Skelton, in the Parishes of Skelton and Overton in the North Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

44. An act for inclosing Lands in the fyifh of Aldeby % in the County of Norfolk.

xxxviii STATUTES, 4.6 GEO. III. {not printed.)

45. An Act for Trclofinir Lands in the Parish of Ashleyfxn llie County of Northampton-

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

46. An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemoullshire otherwise Tynemouth with Tyne-moutkshire, in the County of North umber land.

47. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of JVeafrnham, Jill taints, JVeafenham Saint Peter, and Weliingham, in the County of Norfolk.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes. Leases of Lands allotted to the Vicar Jhatl not be made without Consent of His Majesty as Patron of the Vicarage-1

48. An Act for in doling Lands in the Parish of Dullingham, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Crowle, in the County of Worcester*

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kirk Sandall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes. — Le fes by the Peeler of his A.lotments shall be made by Consent of the J^ord Chancellor on Behalf of His Majesty as Patron of the Rectory of Kirk Sandall. J

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of G-wyddeU fynydd, in the Parish oiTowyn, in the County of Merioneth.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beeston, in the County of Nottingham

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cottered, in the County of Hertford.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

54. An Act for inclosing Land* in the Manors or Parishes of Polesworth and Grenden, in the County of Warwick.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ellesmere and Saint Martin, in the County of Salop.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Fulbourn, in the Countyxif Cambridge*

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town ships otTarporlcy Eaton, Utkinton, and Rushton, in the Parish of Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester*

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eaf Kirkby, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes. — An Allotment to His Alajrjly as Lord of the Soke and Lordship of Bulinbrooke, in Right of the Duchy of Lon-cafler.l

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Knightley and Mill Meece, and in or adjoining the Manor of Standon, otherwise Stawn, in the County of Stafford.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norton, in the County of Gtoucesler.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hinton, commonly called Cherry Hint on, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

62. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors of Kiriling and sjhley cum Silver ley, in the County of Cambridge.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Somerfird, otherwise Brood Cotmrford, in the County of Wilts

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

64. An Act for naturalizing Francis Michael Kemi Renard and Augaflus Hipolite Joseph Dcroubaix.

65. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty.foirth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands within the Township or Township# of Amphfirth in the Parishes of, Amplcforth and Oswaldkirh, in the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saunderton, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Dodworth, in the Parish of Ttlkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

68. An Act for confirming and cftnhlilhin'g an ancient Division and Inclosure of the Common Fields in the Township of Higham, and for making Compensation for the Tythes of the Lands in the Parish of Higham, in the County of Leicester.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kiekd le and Hclmjley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

70. An Act for in doling Lands in the Manor of Tunflal and Parish of Catterick, in the County of York.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kelfrld\ in the East Riding of the County of York.

72. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Rodolphus Muller.

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Market Deeping and Deeping Saint James, in the County of Lincoln, and for altering and repealing an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Deeping, La tig toft, B off. on Spalding, Pin h-beck, and Cowllt Commons, within the Parts of Kcjieven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so fur a3 the same relates to the Division of the said Commons.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes. — Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of East end West Deeping in Right of His Crown — Lease of Lands allotted to the ReBor shall not le made without Co life it of His Majesty as Patron of the RcBoryAj

---

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kingston Bagpuize, in the County of Berks.

75. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir John Gordon Baronet, with Pyne Crosby, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

76. An Act for naturalizing Peter Von Essen.

77. An Act for naturalizing Roelof Jacobus D'Oxy.

78. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Simpson Esquire, with Sarah Barbara Torriano, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned

79. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Townships of Bakewell and Over Haddon, in the Parish of Bakewell, in the County of Derby.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1802, in the forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-second Day of November 1803; being the second Session of the second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, Forty-second, and Forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

[15th December 1803.]

---

Recital of Acts 37 G 3. c. 45. and c. 91; and also of amending Act 38 G. 3. c. 1.: that same are continued by

44>T 4* O. 3. r. 40. and continued and amended by 43 G. 3. r. 18. — The several Provisions of the said Acts " passed in the thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended by the said Act passed in the thirty-eighth year aforesaid, and continued and amended by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, further continued until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, §1. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §2."

CAP. II.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England.

[15th December 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, having granted to your Majesty the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on account of the Residence of Incumbents, which may take place in consequence of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

[43 G. 3. c. 84.]

for promoting the Residence of the Parochial Clergy; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, by or out of such Monies as shall be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, there shall and may be issued, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eight thpufana Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied by the said Governors for the Relief of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on account of the Residence of Incumbents, which may take place in consequence of the said Act; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue the same accordingly.

II. Provided always, That no Curate shall be entitled to, or receive any Allowance under this Act, who shall not produce to the said Governors a proper Recommendation from the Bishop of the Diocese wherein the Cure for the Deprivation of which he claims Relief, shall be fitoated; and that no Allowance to be made to any such Curate shall exceed three-fourth Parts of the Income which such Curate shall have derived from hit Cure: Provided also, that the said Governors shall, and they are hereby required, oa or before the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, to lay or cause to be laid before his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council an Account of the Application of the said Sum of eight thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof.

44Gco.HL

8,000l. ftuM be issued out of British Consolidated Fund to Governor* of Queen Anne'* Bounty, for Relief of Curate* deprived of their Cure* under recited Act.

[Curates to produce a Recommendtion from the Bishop.]

[Account of the Application of the Money.]

C. 3, 4. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. III.

An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon.

[15th December 1803.]

---

43 G. 3. c. 122.

From April 5>

1804, the Duty imposed by le-ciii-d Act in respect of Interest payable on East India Bonds, fhaM be paid by the Holders who shall make Returns as di reded by the sixth Case in rchc-dule(D.)(§ 84.) of recited Act.

No Return of such Bonds shall be made by the Company. (See §66. Sc 100. of 43 G. 3. c. 122.

The Company may pay the Holdci s of Bonds their Intel eft, without deducting Duty due previous to April 5, 1804.

WHEREAS it is just and expedient, that the Mode in which the Duty imposed by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next

after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits artfing from Property, Prose/Jionsy 4 Trades, and Offices, in resptft of the Interest of the Bonds issued or to be issued by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should be aiTefled and paid, should be regulated as herein after is mentioned; and that the said United Company should he enabled to pay and allow for Money raised on their Bonds, any Interest not exceeding such Rate of Interest as may be allowed on any Exchequer Bills issued or to be issued at the same Timev by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the flfth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, the Duty imposed by the said Act of Parliament, in respect of the Interest paid or payable for Money raised or to be raised on the Bonds of the said United Company, shall be returned, assessed upon, and paid, by the Holders or Owners of such Bonds respectively, who shall be liable to make such Returns thereof in such Manner as is directed by the sixth Cafe in the Schedule marked (D.) contained in the said Act; and that all the Clauses, Provision?, Directions, Exemptions, Forfeitures, and Penalties in the said Act contained, in anyway relating to the Duty to be assessed, as in the sixth Case mentioned in the said

Schedule (D.), shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, as far

as the same are respectively applicable, be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duty in respect of the Interest of the Bonds of the said United Company, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the assessing, levying, raising, collecting, and paying the fame; and the said United Company, and their Officers, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, be and are hereby acquitted and dischargedjrora including, in the Return of their Profits under the said Act, the Amount of Interest payable on the said Bonds, and from paying the Duty thereon, and from retaining and deducting the said Duty out of the said Interest; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

East India Company allowed to pay the same Interest on their Bonds as is allowed on Exchequer Bills.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said United Company shall be at Liberty, if their Court of Directors shall see fit, to pay to the Holders and Owners of the Bonds issued by them, the full Amount of the Interest due and to grow due thereon, without making any Deduction of the Duty growing due in respect of such Interest at any Time previous to the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, but in that Case the said United Company shall account for and pay the Amount of such Duty out of their proper Funds, and they shall be at Liberty to charge the same amongst their ordinary Outgoings; any Thing in the said Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, with the Approbation and Consent of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the Time being, from Time to Time, to pay and allow Interest on the Money heretofore raised on the Bonds of the said Company, and which are now otitstanding, and also on Money to be raised on any Bonds which the said United Company may lawfully issue, at and after such Rate not exceeding such Rate, of Interest as may be allowed on any Exchequer Bills issued or to be issued at the same Time by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, as the said United Company, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall in their Discretion fee fit 5 and all Bonds and Instruments for securing the Monty raised thereon, shall be valid and effectual 5 and no Person or Persons taking, accepting, or receiving such Interest, shall he therefore liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Or legal Interest.]

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to restrain the said United Company from allowing at any Time legal Interest on such Bonds.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth* Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negocia-tion of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[15th December 1803.]

u 37 G- 3* / 32- (for suspending 15 G. 3. c. 51. and 17 G. 3. c. 30. as to Promissory Notes under a limited Sum, recited and further continued till March 25, 1805. §1. 39 G. 3. c. 87. (respecting Importation and 4i Exportation of Corn and Provisions) further continued till March 25, 1805. §2. 41 G. 3. c. 103. (for " regulating the Trade to Malta, &c.) further continued till Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, §3."

A.D. 1803.

3

44° GEORGII III. C. — 9,

CAP. V.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

[15th December 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof until the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four; And whereas it is expedient that the Drawbacks and Bounties allowed by the said recited Act Should be continued be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule to the said recited Act The Drawbacks annexed shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every Respect and subject to and under and according to

and Bounties in the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act, ) as any Drawbacks or Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said recited Act fl, a|| t*'paid ai or this Act* heretofore.

If, on 5th January, 5th J\Iay % and 5th September 1804, and yth January 1805,* IHall appear by the London Gazette that the average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall not have exceeded for the preceding Quarter 70l. per Cwt. exclusive of Duty, the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to 43 G. 3. c. II. corresponding with the Price, shall be paid, Hfc.; and the Duty granted by 41 G. 3. c. 28. on Sugar imported by the East India Company shall be allowed on Delivery thereof out of Warehouse for Exportation,

" §2. (As §2. oj 43 G. 3. c. 11.) Recited Act 43 G. 3. c. 11. continued till 15th — 25th March 1805. —

Act may be altered this Session, §3." [&r 44 Geo. 3. c. 53. §8.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for suspending, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, the Operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for rest raining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within Ireland. [ 15th December 1803.]

*' Act 43 g. 3. c. 87. recited and lo far as respects Notes of less Value than 5l. 5l., issued in Ireland after 4€ January 1, 1804, fcfr. suspended till August 1, 1804, §1. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §2."

[See cap. 91.]

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments 5 and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and four. [.15th December 1803.]

£See 42 G. 3. c. 23. §1 to 6 and §11. and as to Ireland 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 49. to which this Act isJimilar % msstatis mutandis.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant % or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until Six JVteks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[15th December 1803.]

[The A3 43 G. 3. c. 116. recited, and the several Provisons therein re-enacted.-\

CAP. IX

An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament,

an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Supprejfton of Rebellion in 43 Q.yt.w Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects therey to continue in force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[15th December 1803.]

Ba

4 C. io — 13. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

According to the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar under 70s. per Cwi. for the Quarters, ending fth January,

5th May, and 5th September XS04, and 5th January 1805, the Drawback r Bounty in Schedule to

43 O. J.C. 17. shall be paid,

Ac.

[.$ '<? aljb

44 G. 3. c. 2$, i 23. c. 67.

S'5-J

[Repealed eat), S9 of this S+fson.}

CAP. I

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five* several Acts of the Forty-first, Forty-second, and Forty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign*, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland,

[15th December 1803.]

u Acts 41 G. 3. e, 74. 42 G, 3. c. 60. 43 G. 3. r. 17. recited and continued (except as altered by each other)

" till March 20, 1805, for the Port of Dublin, and till March 25, 1805, for other Ports of Ireland, §1."

II. And be it further enacted, That if, in the first Publication of the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the said recited Acts of the forty-first and forty-third Years, after the Arrival in Dublin of the London Gazette, containing the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Quarter of a Year preceding the fifth Day of Jantiary, the fifth Day of May, or the fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, or the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five respectively, or any or either of the said Days, ascertained and taken in Manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain, it shall appear that the Average Price of Sugar so ascertained and taken for the preceding Quarter of the Year, shall not have exceeded seventy Shillings Sterling for an hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon on the Importation thereof, then, and in every such Case, the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the forty-third Year annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price, of which such Notice in the Dublin Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed, (except on Exportation to Great Britain, } until Notice published in the London Gazette of the Average Price for the Quarter of a Year preceding any other of such subsequent Days shall be given in the Dublin Gazette 5 and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like Manner in every Respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Rtfstrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks, and Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing this Act.

" Act may be altered or repealed this SefBon, §3."

CAP. XT.

An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland % to pro* hibit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland for prohibiting such Distillation.

[15th December 1803.]

" Lord Lieutenant* with Advice of Privy Council of Ireland, empowered to prohibit by Proclamation the Use u of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, { 1. Penalty on Persons making use of Oats " or Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits contrary to Prohibition, 200l. and Forfeiture of Oats, &c. Proof u shall lie on the Defendant, §2. Oats, &c^ of above eight Stone Weight found in any Distillery shall be v u forfeited, and Distiller shall forfeit col. §3. Penalty on Servants and others assisting Distillers in using Oats*

8c c, first Offence, 20l.; second Offence, 40l. and ftnprisonment, See, §4. Actions brought against Persons w acting in Obedience to Proclamation of October 12th 1803, for prohibiting the Use of Oats in Distillation*

" shall be discharged, and the Persons indemnified, §5. Penalties shall be levied and applied, as under Laws a of Customs and Excise, §6. Continuance of Act 25th March 1805, f 7- Act may be altered or repealed

this Session, §8. [Repealed except as to Indemnity, po/l, cap. 89 of this Sejfony $ 2.]

CAP. XII.

41 O. 3. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five*. iU.K.) c. 36- so much of an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the

(And^prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the

43 G. I, n ] permitting the Importation into Ireland of Cam, Fife, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

[15th December 1803.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from His Majesty's Service, by Means or under Colour of any Civil or Criminal Process*

frjth December 1803.]

WHEREAS many Petty Officers and Seamen belonging to his Majesty's Navy, and divers Persons who have either voluntarily entered into, or been doly impressed to serve in his Majesty's Navy, have of late Years been taken out of his Majesty's Service by Means of Arresta and Detainers, as well both for real and

pretended Debts or Causes of Action, as also upon Charges or Accusations for alleged criminal Offences;

and fifth Petty Officers, Seamen, and other Persons as aforesaid, have been thereupon discharged out of

Custody, either by due Course of Law, or by the Consent of the Persons at whole Suit or on whose Complaint they had been so arrested, apprehended, or detained, with Intent to enable them, and they have been

thereby oftentimes enabled to desert and escape from his Majesty's said Service, to the great Prejudice and

Detriment of the said Service; ' for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal*, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever

any

A.D. 1803.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 13.

Petty Officer* or Seamen takea out of his Majesty's Naval Service for any Civil or Criminal Matter shall be kept in Custody after they are entitled to to be discharged from the Writ or Judgment, and shall be conveyed and de- l.vered to forae Commander or Commissioned Officer of the Navy, to serv# on boaid the Fleet.

any Petty Officer or Seaman belonging to his Majesty's Navy, or any Person who shall have voluntarily entered into or been impressed to serve in his Majesty's Navy, shall be arrested, apprehended, or taken in Execution by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or other Officer or Officers, either upon or by virtue of any Mesne or other Writ or Process whatsoever, or upon or by virtue of any Warrant for any alleged criminal Offence, and shall be thereby taken from or out of his Majesty's Sea Service, or from or out of any Ship or Vessel appointed for receiving Volunteers and impressed Men to serve in his Majesty's Navy, or from or out of the Custody of any Officer of the Impress or other Officer in his Majesty's Sea Service, with whom any such Person as aforesaid shall have voluntarily agreed to enter into, or by whom any such Person as aforesaid shall have been impressed to serve in, his Majesty's Navy, or who shall have the Custody or Charge of any such Person as aforesaid, the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, who shall have arrested or apprehended any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, or in whose Custody any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, shall happen to be, by w*ay of Detainer upon or by virtue of any such Writ, Process, Warrant, Charge, or Accusation, or upon or by virtue of the Judgement or Sentence of any Court, shall not discharge any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, out of his or their Custody, either upon Payment or Satisfaction of the Debt or Debts, Cause or Causes of Action, or for Want of Prosecution for, or upon Acquittal of, the Charge or Accusation, Charges or Accusations, upon which any such Petty Officer,

Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, shall be in Custody as aforesaid, or by Consent of the Person or Persons at whose Suit, or on whose Behalf, any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, shall have been arrested, apprehended, taken or detained, or upon giving Bail, or any other Security, or upon any Undertaking cither totippear to, or to answer or satisfy, any such Debt or Debts, Cause or Causes of Action, Charge or Accusation, Charges or Accusations; or in case of Conviction for any criminal Offence or Offences after the Expiration of any Period or Term for which any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid may have been sentenced to be imprisoned, but shall detain and keep every such Petty Officer, Seaman, and other Person as aforesaid, in his or their Custody, and shall thereupon forthwith, and as soon as every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, would be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with respect to any such Writ, Process, or Warrant, or with respect to any such Debt or Debts, Cause or Causes of Action,

Charge or Charges, Accusation or Accusations, Judgement or Sentence, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey, and safely and securely deliver every such Petty Officer, Seaman, and other rerson as aforesaid, either unto the Commander m Chief of some of his Majesty's Ships, or unto foroe Commissioned Officer of the Navy being authorized and empowered to raise Seamen for his Majest v*s Service, or unto some principal Officer employed in regulating the Service of raising Men for his Majesty's Fleet, whichever shall be at or nearest to the Place where any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid shall then happen to be; in order that every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid may be detained and iept to forve on board his Majesty's Fleet, as before they were liable to do; and such Commander in Chief, Officer of the Impress, or principal Regulating Officer as aforesaid, shall thereupon give and deliver to such Sheriff or.

Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, a Certificate, directed to the Treasurer of How Sheriff; ice. his Majesty's Navy, specifying the Receipt of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid'ns toall bo paid for shall be so delivered to him respectively as aforesaid, and the Places from and to which any such Petty Officer, conduifting^hcm Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and the Sheriff or* 1

Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers who shall have so conduced, conveyed, and delivered as aforesaid any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Pfcrfon as aforesaid, shall thereupon be entitled to receive of and from the said Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy the Sum of two Shillings per Mile, and no more, for conducing, conveying, and delivering as aforesaid, every such Petty Officer, Seaman, pr other Person as aforesaid* upon rroduftion to the said Treasurer of the Navy of such Certificate.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Other Prison as aforesaid,

shall be removed from or out of the Custody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers by whom any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid shall have been arrested or appre hended as aforesaid, or in whose Custody any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, shall happen to be, into the Custody of any other Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officeivor Officers, by virtue of any Writ of Habeas Corpus, or otherwise, the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gfeolers, or other Officer or Officers so having arrested or apprehended such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, or in whose Custody any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid shall happen to be, shall certify in Writing to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, into whose Custody such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid (Jiall be so removed, upon the Back of the Writ or other Proceeding by which such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid shall be removed out of the Custody of such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, that such Person so removed as aforesaid is a Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, as the Case may be, and liable to be kept and detainedfor his Majesty's Service; and so toties quoiies as often as any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other.

Person as aforesaid shall be removed from the Custody of one such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, to the Custody of any other Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall neglect or refuse to conduct and convey, for the Purpose aforesaid, any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid to any Distance not exceeding eighty Miles for the Space of two .Days, or to aaj Distance not exceeding one hundred and twenty Miles for the Space of three Days, and so to any other gpngan Dftftance at the Rate of forty Miles per Day, after the Time that any such Petty Officer,

Seaman, ocJ|4$^<fta£bci as aforesaid, ought to be conducted and conveyed as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, irrm^in Ibr Directions of this Act, but shall wilfully or negligently detain* and keep any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid in his or their Custody for any Space of Time over and above the r several

How Transfer of such Petty Officer* or Seamen from one Sheriff 10 another shall he certified.

Sheriff, ire. neglecting to convey such Peiiy Officer or Seaman at heiein directed, and detailing them in Culle-<ly, liable to i\&i0Q0l Trcfi*

pass, at their Suit.

Penalty on Sheriff, &c- for suffering such Petty Officer or Seaman tj tlcapc.

41G. j. c. 51.

43 C. 3. c. 103.

Portugal Wine imported under the Provisions of 41 G. 3. c. 51. shall be allowed to remain in Warehouse under Bond li Months after the Period specified in recited Act. (See §20. of that Ad.)

Act 43 G. 3. c. 103. and this Act extended to Wine imported after iff Oct. 1803, directly from Spain or from Guernsey orjerfey.

In what Quantities Sp iniih Wine shall be v allowed the Benefit of this Act.

C. 13, 14. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.

several Spaces of Time herein-before in that Behalf specified, without conducting and conveying him as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, then all and every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall be subject and liable to be impleaded in an Action of Trespass upon the Case, at the Suit of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall be so detained as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall not fafelyand securely conduct and convey, and safely and securely deliver, any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, either unto such Commander in Chief, Officer of the Impress, or principal Regulating Officer as aforesaid, winch ever shall be at or neared to the Place where such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, shall then happen to be, but shall either wilfully or negligently permit or suffer any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, to escape and go at large, all and every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaokr or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for Offences committed in England, in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh for Offences committed in Scotland, and in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin for Offences committed in Ireland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall sue for the fame, together with full Cods of Suit.

Limitation of Actions, three Calendar Months. — Venue in the County. — General Issue; Treble Costs, §5. u — Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §6."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty-first and Forty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom; and to allow Spanish Wine to be so landed and warehoused.

[15th December 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused rwithout Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time: And whereas it is expedient that the Period in the said Act specified, for the Payment of the Duties and Removal of the Wine landed and warehoused under that Act, should be extended*4 And whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time: And whereas it is expedient to revive the said last recited Act, so far as the same relates to the Period of shipping Portugal Wine, in Portugal, for Importation into the United Kingdom, and to extend such Period, and also the Period for landing and warehousing Portugal Wine: Agd whereas it is a!so expedient to permit Spanish Wine to be landed and warehoused in like Manner, and under the same Provisions and Regulations as Portugal Wine be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Portugal Wine as shall have been imported into the United Kingdom under the Provisions of the said fird recited Act, shall be allowed to remain in Warehouse under the Bonds given upon the Importation thereof, for Twelve Months after the Period specified in the said Act, and subject to the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said Act contained: Provided always, that the Time specified for the Payment of the Duties under such Bonds as aforesaid, shall be respectively extended for the Period of Twelve Months; and all such Bonds shall be and remain in as full force, and be good and valid for such extended Period; and the said Act, and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Conditions, Restrictions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said fird recited Act contained in relation to such Wine, shall be revived and remain in full force as to such Wines and Duties, as fully and effectually, in every Respect, as if such Bonds had been renewed, or new Bonds given, and as if all the Clauses of the said Act had been re-enacted in this Act.

Time for landing Wine under 43 G. 3. c. 103. $ 3. extended to July 5, 1805; but no such Wine which shall not arrive before June 1, 1804, shall be admitted to Entry, Unless shipped before May 1, 1804. §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That the said last recited Act and this Act, and all the Clauses therein contained, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend and be construed to extend to all Wine that shall have been since the Fird Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, or that shall within the Period* in this Act mentioned hereafter, be imported into the United Kingdom directly from Spain, or from the Islandg of Guernsey or Jersey; and all such Wine and the Importers and Owners thereof shall, m all Cases in which the same shall be proposed to be warehoused or shall be warehoused under the said Act and this Act, be subject to aH the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, (except so far as the same are altered by this Act, ) Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all the Provisions* Clause6, Matters, and Things in the said last recited Act contained, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein specially and severally re-enacted, as to Spanish Wine brought directly from Spain.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Spanish Wine proposed to be warehoused under this Act, who shall actually land and deposit the Quantities of Spanish Wine herein after mentioned, shall be allowed the Benefit of this Act; (that is to say, ) if in London, not less than fifteen Pipes or Butts or reputed Pipes or Butts of Spanish Wine, or if in any other Port where any such Wine may be warehoused under the said Act or this Act, ten Pipes or Butts or reputtd Pipes or Butts of Spanish Wine; any Thing in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. 44 Provisions of 43 G. 3. c. 103. (except where hereby altered, ) shall continue in Force during Period for' " warehousing under this Act, §5. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, f 6."

6 CAP.

7

44° GEORGII III. C. 15 — 17.

CAP. XV.

An Act for raising the Su.n of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. ^15th. December 1803.]

£ In like Term as 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c 4.]

CAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt#, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight Hundred and four.

[15th December 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the

Rates, Duties, and Impositions, herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wa!est and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Duty for and upon all Malty which, in and by one Act of Parliament, passed in the first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, sin Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malty Mumy Cydery and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fxty-oncy were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day oijune One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and which by several subsequent Acts have from Time to Time been granted and continued to His Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be further continued in like Manner; and shall be, and is by this Act, charged for or upon all Malt which shall be made, within that Part of Great Britain called England\ Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweedf from and after the twenty-third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand tight hundred and five.

Duties in Scotland on Malt 3d. per Bushel, §2."

[" In other respects this Act is similar to the Malt Act 42 Geo. 3. c. I. except in the following Particulars. 44 The Words, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, ' and Sections 7, 8, 19, 20, and 21, relating to Cyder and Perry, are omitted. To the Clause empowering the Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills (f 26. of 42 G. 3. c. r. and §21 of this present Act, ) the following Sentence is added, Provided always, that every such Exchequer Bill shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name, by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign the fame, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any three or more of them And in §23. (answeringto 44 §28. of 42 G. 3. c. 1.) the concluding sentence of §28. of 42 G. 3. c. 1. 4 and that upon every such Bill there shall be indorsed, ' &c. is omitted. A Clause is added to this present Act, (§ 60.) that it may, be altered. 44 or repealed during the Session."]

CAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[15th December 1803.]

[Continuance of Act, 25 March 1805.]

VIII. 4 Whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Taxt to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tar One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon* 4 Tyne was charged in the Sum of two thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds sixteen Shillings and Fourpence. Part whereof has been raised and charetd on the Duty herein after mentioned: And whereas by two Acts, one thereof passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the also lute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interestedy in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England; and to grant a Compensation for the same by way of Annuity, payable out of the Consolidated Fund; and the other thereof passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the CommissJionrrs of His Majesty's Treasury and the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commifponers of the Treasury to contract with the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond, for the absolute Purchase of the Property of the said Duke, and all others interestedy in a certain Duty of Twelve-pence per Chaldron on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to be consumed in England 5 and to grant a Compensation for the same by way of Annuity, payable out of the ConfoVtdated Fund f and by virtue of the Agreement therein recited, the said Duty, from and after the twenty-second Day of AuguflOnt thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, was veiled in and made payable to His Majestjr, His Heirs and Successors, and the same hath ever since been collected by and paid as the

[* See as to Ireland cef.

Duty on M*!t< under I G. c. 3. further continued to June4> 1

Under 38 G. 3J c. 5. Newcastle* upon-Tyne, charged with a certain Sum, part thereof raised on the following Duty. Under 39 G. 3* c 84. Sc 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 43. for purchasing the Duke of Richmond's Property in the Duty on Coals shipped in the Tyne, the said Duty became vested in the Crown.

C.iy — 22. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1803.4.

other Duties of Customs have been collected and paid; and it is therefore just that the said Town, and County of the same Town, should from the above Period be exonerated and discharged from the Amount an* On Ccuificate*nually charged on the said Duty as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com-of CommisfiOT- missioners of the said Town and County to certify to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, what forNewcastle* Sum an<* Sums of Money have been charged on the Duty in the said Acts mentioned since the Day of the to the Court of Surrender of the same by virtue of the said recited Acts and the Agreement therein mentioned; and the said Exchequer of Barons, or any two or more of them, have hereby Power by their Discretions, at any Time before the twenty-the Sums fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, to discharge, or cause to be discharged, so much of filid^ut0*1 tile said Sum tw0 thousand five hundred and eighty Pounds sixteen Shillings and Four-pence as shall appear Court may dif- to them to have been charged bn the said Duty since the said twenty-second Day of August One thousand fevtn charge the fame, -hundred and ninety-nine; and the said Sums shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates returned or to be ^returned for the said Town and County, and shall be allowed upon the Accounts of the Receivers General 5 and the Inhabitants of the said Town and County shall be acquitted against His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-x: effaiVfor the Payment of such Sums so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Barons of the said Exchequer, as well for the Assessments heretofore made, as for all Assessments hereafter to be made; any Thing in the said first Ttcked Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

In other respects this Act is similar to 42 G. 3. c. 2. except that the Clause empowering the Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, (S 20. of 42 G. 3. c. 2. and §30. of this Act, ) is altered in the same Manner as in the Malt Act, c. 16."]

CAP. XVIII.

'{Repealed by An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty-second and Forty-third Years of the ^44G. 3.Cap. 54, Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain.

[20th December 1803.]

144 Recital of Acts, 42 G. 3. c. 66. 43 G. 3. c. 121. Muller Rolls may be returned after the passing of this

An Act of the Names of Persona who have duly attended Muller and Exercise of their Corps the Number of X€ Days specified in recited Acts, and the Persons so returned shall, from the Date of the Muller Roll, be exempted from serving in the Militia or any Additional Force, while they continue effective Members, Iffc. In, Cases where Arms have not been supplied, a special Return shall be made, §1. Act shall not give any Volunteer Corps any additional Exemption, except so far as relates to any Alteration as to the Period of returning Muster Rolls, §2. Provision made for the Relief of the Wives and Families of Persons serving in Volunteer Corps when called upon Military Duty, &c. §3. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, " $4. Is* caP' 54-3"

CAP. XIX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion \ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[9th March 1804.]

Number of Forces, 129, 039. §1. Continuance of Act 25 March 1805, §97.

44 [In all reJfrcBs, mutatis mutandis, the same as 43 G. 3. c. 20.]"

CAP. XX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[9th March 1804.]

Continuance of Act 25 March 1805, &V. [In all respects mutatis mutandis, as 43 G. 3. c. 27.]"

CAP. XXI.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present 37 C. 3. (I.) Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payments shall cease, an Act,

c. 51* made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and 43 G. 3. c. 44. also an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for amending the said Act.

[9th March 1804.]

[Srr the Terms of 42 G. 3. c. 45.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain.

[9th March 1804.]

WHEREAS, in consequence of the Distress of the Kingdom of Portugal for Seed Corn, Application was«W made for Permission to export a limited Quantity thereof: And whereas serious Inconvenience might have arisen from delaying such Permission 5 and for the Prevention thereof the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, in pursuance of Directions to that Effect from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury*

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 22 — 26.

(vary9 hire allowed the Exportation of about fix or seven thousand Quarters of Com from Great Britain for the supplying of the Kingdom of Portugal: And whereas it is therefore expedient that the same should be

fandioneo by Parliament, and all Persons issuing, giving, or advising such Directions, or acting under such

Directions, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such Directions, and also all Persons acting under or in pursuance thereof, should be respectively indemnified be it therefore enacted, &c.

*4 Persons giving Directions for the Exportation of Com to Portugal\ and Persons acting under such Directions,

shall be indemnified, §1. Actions already commenced may be flayed, by Rule of Court, and the Defendants may have Double Costs, § a."

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

[9th March 1804.]

43 G. 3. c. 32. to which this Act is precisely similar.']

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[9th March x8o4.j

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fe# Simple, of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Consideration.

[9th March 1804.]

Recital of several Letters Patent, whereby certain Lands were granted from the Crown to various Persons for 4t Terms of Years. — That the Duke of York had purchased the Interest of the Patentees. — The Allotments to €€ the Duke under the Inclosure Acts 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 86, 87, &c. — The Convenience to the Duke to have the Inheritance of the Lands contained in the Patents, &c. — His Majesty empowered to grant the Fee Simple of the said Lands to the Duke, §1. — Purchase Money shall be laid out in 3 per Cent. Consols, in the same u Manner, and applicable to the same Uses, as the Produce of Fee Farm Rents, under 34 Geo. 3. c. 75. — §2. —

The Grant of the Lands shall be valid notwithstanding the Acts 1 Ann. c. 7. 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. — or the said 41 Ad 34 G. 3. c. 75 — §3. — General Saving of the Rights of all Persons except his Majesty, §4."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for charging, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland. in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting for one Tear, the several Duties therein mentioned, in lieu + ej

4 of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade c. 4.'

between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, certain Duties on Importation and Exportation, and certain Drawbacks on Exportation, and also certain Bounties or Allowances on Exportation and Importation into and from Ireland, of the Goods, Wares, and Manufactures in

the said Act mentioned, and also certain Sums of Money, Duties of Inland Excise, and Taxes in the said Act mentioned, were granted and allowed for the Term by the said Act limited and appointed: And whereas the said Act hath been altered and amended, and continued, and several other Duties have been granted by divers Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, and of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas certain of the Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, Allowances, and Taxes, now payable under and by virtue of the said several Acts, will expire and be determined on the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and certain other of the said Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, Allowances, and Taxes, are hereby intended to be repealed, in order that the same may be consolidated in this Act: And it is expedient that certain Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, Allowances, and Taxes, should be granted and allowed in lieu of the said Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, Allowances, and Taxes so expiring or repealed; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-

rice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by 9

the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ and gepeaj of Jor granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland; and also one other Act passed in the forty- 41 G.3. (U.K.) second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, certain additional Duties on c. 33.

Goods Imported into and exported from Ireland, and also one other Act passed in the forty-third Year of his present 42 G. 3. c. 117. 44 Geo. III. Majesty's

rl5'V-74,

[S-e 23 <7. 3,

c. ig.

30 Geo. 3. c. 5. 39 53.J

jo C. 26.

44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

43 G. 3. c. 92. Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Waretf and Merchandise into, and on Goods, IVares, and Merchandize, exported from Ireland, and also certain Duties ef Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, be, and the same are hereby accordingly repealed; except as to recover-ing or paying any Duties or Arrears of any Duties, or Taxes granted by the said Acts or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom, and as to the recovering, levying, or paying any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which may have been or shall be due or incurred at any Time before or upon the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout Ireland unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the Schedules or Tables respectively marked A. and B. hereunto annexed, and upon the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the Schedule or Table marked C. hereunto annexed; and upon certain Entries, Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, and upon certain Ships or Vessels trading to Ireland % mentioned and set forth in the Schedule or Table marked D. hereunto annexed, the several Rates and Duties, and additional Duties, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules or Tables marked A., B, C., and D.; and that there shall be paid and allowed upon the Exportation from Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the said Schedules or Tables marked A. and B., the several Drawbacks inserted, set forth, and described in Words and Figures in the said Schedules or Tables respectively 5 and upon jthe Exportation from and Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize described in the Schedule or Table marked E. hereunto annexed, there shall be paid and allowed the several Bounties and Allowances as the same are set forth and described in Words and Figures therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties mentioned and set forth in the said several Schedules or Tables respectively marked A., B., and C., shall be respectively paid in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties whatever payable in Ireland, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force there, upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, except the Duties payable in the Port of Dublin upon Coals by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by malting wide and convenient Passages through the fame; and for regulating the

Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purposes; and except the Duties payable upon Timber of all Kinds, Planks or Blocks of Mahogany, and of all other Kinds of Wood, Boards of all Kinds, Staves, Bricks, Blocks of Marble, and all Kinds of Stone, which shall arrive in any Ship or Vessel in the Port or Harbour of Dublin, or in the Harbour of Dunleary, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and preferring the IValls of the River Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin 5 and for amending an Act passed in the twenty -sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and the said Du tie* shall be severally paid down net in ready Money Ir'fh Currency, without any Discount or Allowance whatever.

There shall be paid in Ireland (during this Act;

See/. 47.) the Duties on Importation under Schedules A. and

B.

On Exportation under Schedule

C.

On Entries in Dublin, &c. under Schedule D.

Drawbacks in Schedules A. and B.

Bounties under Schedule E.

Duties on Importation and Exportation shall be in lieu of all former Duties; except the Duties bn Coals under 23, 24 G. 3.

(I.) c. 31. [co»-tinuing 21, tiG.3. (I.) c. 17.] for improving Dublin:

And except the DutiesonTimber under 32 G. 3. c. 35. [amending 26 G. 3. c. 10. J for Dublin Harbour. Duties shall be paid down.

Act shall not compel Proprietors to pay Duties on landing Goods which may by Law be warehoused.

Duties shall be paid on Goods taken out of Warehouses, for which the Duties have not been paid, though imported before Match 25, 1804.

Saving of Acts for Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

[39» 40 G. 3.

C*67:

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to pay the Duties upon the Landing thereof, in resped of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in any Cases in which the Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, might on and immediately before the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, have been, at the Request and Ri(k of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, secured in Warehouses for Payment of Duties, or by the Bond of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, on and immediately before the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand right hundred and four, during the Continuance of any such Act or Acts respectively.

V. Provided also, That in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares*, or Merchandize, which shall have been secured in Warehouses, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous during the Continuance of this Act of taking any such Goods out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland; then and in such Case the Duties imposed by this Act shall be payable thereon, notwithstanding such: Goods may have been imported into Ireland, or bonded before the said twenty-fifth Day of Maras One thousand eight hundred and four: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any Goods to be delivered from such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or con--fumed in Ireland, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, unless such Goods could have been lawfully so delivered. before the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, or the Duties for which such. Goods had been detained in such Warehouse, shall have been fully paid and discharged.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Yean of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the said twenty-

fifth.

A.D. 1804. 440 GEORGII III. C. it

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, by which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain, are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Customs or ExciTe, whether Countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, save and except the Countervailing or other Duties and Drawbacks granted by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, or by any other Act or Acts made in punuance of the Provisions in the said Acts of Union, for and in respect of Beer, Coals, Hops, Malt, Salt, Silk Manufactures, Spirits, and Refined Sugar; and which Countervailing or other Duties are or may be ascertained by this present Act, or by any other Act or Acts paded or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament, in pursuance of the Provisions contained in the said Acts of Union for that Purpose.

VII. And whereas it was in and by the sixth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other Things, provided and declared, That Salt and Hops should pay, on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, Duties not exceeding those which were then paid on Importation into Ireland; and that Coals on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain should be subject to Burthens not exceeding those to which they were then subject: And whereas it is expedient to grant certain Duties on the Importation into Ireland of such Salt, Hops, and Coals, in lieu of such Duties as may be payable on the fame, under and by virtue of any Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made previous to the said Acts of Union, or any other Act or Acts in Force immediately before the passing of this Act be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, of Salt, Hop3, and Coals, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, the several and respective Duties following; (that is to say, )

For and upon every Bushel of White Salt, weighing fifty-six Pounds, the Sum of two Shillings:

For and upon every Ton of Rock Salt, containing forty Bushels, each Bushel weighing sixty-five Pounds, the Sum of Three Pounds:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, the Sum of one Penny Farthing:

And for and upon every Ton of Coals, the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence:

And that there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of such Coals and Hops from Ireland a Drawback of all the Duties actually paid thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act a3 relates to the Duties imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the United States of America, and inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked B. shall continue in Force during the Continuance of this Act, in case an Act passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between his Majesty and the said States, shall so long continue and be in Force, but not otherwise 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where the Duties by this Act imposed upon Tobacco imported into Ireland shall be paid, then the Sum of Two-pence Halfpenny for every Pound Weight thereof, and also so much of the Produce of the Duties arising upon Teas as shall amount to the annual Sum of seven thousand three hundred Pounds Irish Currency, shall be from Time to Time respectively carried to the Account to be kept of his Majesty's Hereditary Revenue, and shall be deemed Part of his Majesty's said Hereditary Revenue.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Duties by this Act or any of the Schedules hereunto annexed imposed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into or from Ireland, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and estimated at the actual Price thereof, with the Addition of Freight and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever, exclusive of the Duties paid or payable by Law on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or on the Importation or Exportation thereof respectively; and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this Act is provided), by the Oath of the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Fador, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are or may be prescribed, difeded, and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue and for preventing of Frauds therein; and for repealing an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An 4 AS for continuing and amendingfeveral Laws relating to his Majesty's Revenue; and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein and the several A3s and Statutes which are mentioned to be continued by this Act, and by any Act for continuing or amending the same; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall he lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Revenue to cause the same to he detained; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the several Officers of the Revenue shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed or to be prescribed by the said last-recited Act, or by any Act or Acts for continuing or amending the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or brought into Ireland, on which the Duties are by this Act, or by any of the Schedules hereunto annexed imposed, not according to the Tale, Gauge, Weight, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, shall be condcmfled as Prize, such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Mcr-

C Z chandize

40 O. 3. (I )

[c. 38.]

Except as to countervailing Duties, &c. ascertained by this or any A£\ ia pursuance of Acts of Union/ [Secpo/i /. 7. and c. of this

Session.')

Duties on Salt, Hops and Coals, f according to Provisions of Union Acts], imported from Great Britain iata Ireland.

Drawback oa Coals and Hope. Continuance of Duties upon American Goods.

4TO. 3.(U.K.) c. 95.

i\6' per lb. of Duty on Tobacco, and 7, 300l. of Duty on Teas, shall be carried to Account of hereditary Revenue.

How Value of Goods paying Duty ad valorem on Importation or Exportation, shall be aiceitained.

Viz. as under the Di red ions of 40 G- 3. (I) c. 43. f-9&»99-respe^ling Goods imported.

Ascertaining Value of Prize Goods inipoi ted, paying Duty ad valorem.

C. 26

How Prices of Tens and Value of End India £oods rated ad valorem shall be afeeruined.

Ko Duties shall fee paid on Importation of Goocfs stated to be Duty free in the Schedules* Due Entry being made.

Goods the Produce of Jersey, Sec. (except Salt), may be imported into Ireland as like Goods from Great Britain. fSee British A6is 3 O. r. c. 4. f. 5.7. and $ G. 1. c. it. f. zi.]

But Foreign Goods, &c. or Salt from Jersey, tec. not exempted.

Fish of British or Irish taking.and curing may he imported Duty tree*

Master shall make Oath on Entry, that Fish was so taken and cured.

Regulations under which Produce of

44°

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

chandize shall be publickly fold, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever; and such Goods shall and may be detained until the Duties due thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied.

XII. And for the better ascertaining the Price of Teas, being of the Growth and Produce of the East Indies, imported into Ireland from Great Britain, according to which the Duties are imposed thereon, apd also

for the ascertaining the Value of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into Ireland which had been

imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on

which the Duties are charged by this Act, not according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof; be it enacted, That the Price of all Teas, and the Value of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported, shall be inserted in the respective Cockets, and the Price of such Teas, and the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be respectively taken at the Gross Price at which the same Teas, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported shall have been respectively bought at the publick Sales of the said Company.; and the Principal Accountant or Deputy Accountant for the Time being of the said East India Company is hereby required and directed, on Demand made by any Person authorized by the Chief Commissioners of the Revenue of Ireland, from Time to Time to fumish the said Commissioners with Copies of such Parts of the said Books as shall relate to the Purchase and Sale of the Teas, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so imported, and which Copies being verified by Affidavit made before the Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, and being attested by a Notary Publick in the City of London, shall, without further Proof either of the said Affidavit or of the said Copies, be admitted as Evidence in all Suita commenced or arising under this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, no Duty shall be paid on the Importation of any of the Articles specified in any of the said Schedules to be Duty free on Importation into Ireland; provided that due Entry of all such Goods be made in the Custom-House of the Port in Ireland where such Goods shall be imported, expressing and setting forth in every such Entry, the particular Marks and Numbers of the Packages in which any such Goods shall be imported, with the Quantities and Qualities, and Parti-ticulars thereof, and Value thereof, and in the same Manner and Form as Entries are legally to be made in Ireland in Cases of Importation of Goods Duty free; and that such Goods shall be landed at the Places and Times required by Law, and in the Presence of the proper Officer, and by him examined and discharged, otherwise such Goods shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of the Revenue.

XIV. And whereas the Inhabitants of the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, and Aldemty, are by Law c permitted and allowed to import into Great Britain, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of those respective Ides, (other than Salt, ) upon Certificates from the respective Governors, Lieutenant or Deputy Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being; and Oaths before the Magistrates of the said Islands of Jersey and Guernsey respectively, that the same are of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Island3 or either of them, without paying any Customs, Subsidies, or Duties for and in respect thereof: And whereas it is expedient to grant such Permission with respect to the Importation of Goods, the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Iflaods, into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as is herein after-mentioned be it therefore enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, the said Inhabitants shall and may (with and under such Certificates and Oaths as aforesaid) import into any lawful Port in Ireland, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (other than Salt, ) of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Islands or either of them, without paying any greater or other Duties for and in respect thereof than such Duty as is now or shall hereafter for the Time being be due and payable for the like Goods if imported from Great Britain into Ireland; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall exempt or be construed to exempt any Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any Foreign Nation or Country, which may be imported into any of the said Islands, or such Foreign Goods or Commodities as shall or may be in Part or fully manufactured in any of the said Islands by the People thereof, or any Salt whatever, imported into Ireland from any of the said Islands, from Payment of all such Customs, Duties, and other Imposit ons on the Importation of the fame, from any of the said Islands into Ireland, as are or shall be due and payable for Goods and Commodities of the like Kind imported into Ireland, from any Foreign Nation or Country, of which the said Goods are the Growth, Product, or Manufacture 5 any Law, Custom, or Ullage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Fish of every Kind or Sort whatever, of British or Irish taking and curing, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, which now belong or at the Time of building such Vessels or Ships did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and wholly belonging to and owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be imported into Ireland, in Ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatever 5 any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, That before such Fish shall be admitted to Entry, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported, shall make Oath before the Collector #r other Chief Officer of the Revenue, at the Port of Importation, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath, ) that such Fish was actually caught, taken, and cured, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That Whale Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Fish or Seals, or other Creatures, taken or caught in any Part of the Ocean, by Subjects of his Majesty, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari,

4 OX

C. 26

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III.

13

or Ma*t in Ships or Vessels built in either of the said Kingdoms or Islands; owned, registered and navigated Creatures according to Law, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Act, be admitted to Entry on Payment of the taken in a»7 Duty by this Act imposed on such Articles of British (idling or catching, provided that Proof be made that the Ocean^Sub*. said Articles were actually caught and taken by the Crew of the Vessel in which they are imported, by the Oath je^ay be of the Matter of such Vessel, that the same were bona fide so caught and taken: And provided always, that a entered on Pay* Log Book shall be constantly kept on board such Ship or Vessel, in which Log Book the various Situations and mem of Duty, Occurrences respecting such Ship or Vessel, during the whole Course of the Voyage, shall be inserted every«of Britishi Day, and particularly the Times when such Ship or Vessel shall have been in Sight of Land, distinguishing what pro^f^f uielr Land and the Bearings thereof, and the supposed Diitances therefrom, and the Soundings, and also the Time j^ing (9 taken, when and the Latitude in which any Whale or other Creature living in the Sea shall have been killed, taken, or and producing caught, by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel; which Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the Log Book the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of his of the ShlP> &c* making a Report of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector or other Officer of the Revenue, at the Port in Ireland where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, for his Inspection and Examination 5 and the said Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on Oath, the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector or Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same.

XIX. And whereas it is expedient that Oil or Blubber of Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, actually

caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by hi*

Majesty's Subjects, carrying on the said Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein, (houH be ad-

mitted to Entry on Payment of the like, Duty, as if caught 3nd taken wholly by his Majesty's Subject9

carrying on the said Fishery from his Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said

Dominions; be it therefore enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, all such Oil or Blubber Oil or Blubber

shall be admitted to Entry, on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed on Train Oil, or Blubber of New of cght

foundland of British Fiftiing, notwithstanding such Oil or Blubber of Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea,

shall have been caught and taken by his Majestyi* Subjects carrying on the said Fiftiery from and residing in je<fb residing the said Island: Provided always, that before any such Oil on Blubber shall be admitted to Entry as aforesaid, there, may be the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which any such entered on Pay-Oil or Blubber shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the ent Revenue, at the Port in Ireland into which such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, a Certificate under the Ne^foundUnd0 Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer in Newfoundland, or if there shall not be any Naval Officer, then under of Bihilhfishing, the Hand and Seal of the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships stationed there, testifying that Oath has on certain Con-been made before him (who is hereby authorised and required in such Case to administer the same), by the dniona.

Person or Persons who actually caught the Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, from which the Oil or Blubber mentioned in such Certificate was produced, that such Oil or Blubber was really and bond side the Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures livn^ in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from the said Island and residing therein; and provided such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel, so importing such Oil or Blubber, shall also make Oath before such Col-le&or or other Chief Officer (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same), that the Oil or Blubber so imported are the same Oil or Blubber mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor, or FiftOir, &c; Consignee of any Fish Oil or Blubber, Seal Skins, or other Produce of the British Newfoundland Fishery dirtitly from imported into Ireland, direct, from the Island of Newfoundland, to warehouse the same in Ireland\ and to give Newfoundland* Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety in the Penalty of Treble the may he bon ed* Amount of the Duty on such Fish Oil, or other Produce as aforesaid, with Condition that such Fish Oil, or

other Produce of the said Fishery, shall be duly exported from Ireland, within twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, or that the Duties by this Act imposed on the Importation thereof shall be paid on the same being taken out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption, or within Inch twelve Calendar Months, which Bond mall be taken by the Collector or other Chief Officer of his Majesty's Revenue at the Port of Importation, who are hereby respectively authorized and required to take such Bond.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Drawbacks, Bounties, and Allowances whatsoever by this Act flow Drawback* granted, allowed, or made payable upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, an<* Bounties Articles, Matters, or Things whatsoever, shall without any Fee or Deduction be paid by the several Collectors be paid, or other Chief Officers of the Revenue at the respective Ports of Exportation, within one Calendar Month after the same shall be lawfully demanded, out of any Money arising out of any Duties by them collected;

Provided always, that no Drawback or Allowance whatsoever shall be paid or allowed, unless the Goods, Good*mnftbe Wares, or Merchandize, (other than Coaches and other Carriages) on which the same shall be claimed, be exported m-ithia exported within three Years from (he Importation thereof, and in cate of Coaches and other Carriages within thre* Year* too twelve Calendar Months, nor unless due Proot to be made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Drawback*. Customs, of the Entry of such Goods and of the Payment of the Duties thereon 5 add that no Drawback, u

Bounty, or Allowance whatsoever, shall be paid on any Goods Wares, or Merchandize, Articles, Matters, 14, 01* or Tilings exported from Ireland, unless all Requisites shall have been performed, which by any Law now in Force, or at any Time hereafter to be ii\ Force in Ireland, or by any Regulations made or to be made by the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, are or at any Time shall be required to be performed for obtaining such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance respectively; nor shall any Drawback, Bounty, or And Drawback* Allowance be paid unless the Proofs necessary for obtaining the same be made, and the Drawback, Bounty, claimed within or Allowance be claimed within two Year from the Tune of shipping the Goods for Exportation. two Years after.

No Drawback on Export a; ion to Faro: nor any Cocket granted forexporting prohibited Goods thither.

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That no Drtwback or Bounty shall be allowed for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Articles, or Things whatsoever, which, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be exported from Ireland to the Islands of Faro or Ferro; nor shall any Cocket or Clearance be granted for the exporting to the said Islands any Goods which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain or Ireland; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

43 G. 3. c. 17. [continued by

44 O. 3. c. 10.] Drawbacks and bounties on Sugars exported foal I be paid under that AA. while in Force, and ioper Cent, additional.

alfo44G.3.. 67, S15.] Drawback of all Duty on Wines for Use of Officers of the Navy.

Drawbacks on Exportat ion of Tobacco manufactured (except to Great Britain.)

No Duty except Alnage shall be paid on Exportation of Irish Produce, not mentioned in Schedule C. Due Entry, ice. to be made of all Goods for Exportation Duty-free.

Duties oflnland ExciseandTaxet shall be paid according to Schedule F. in lieu of all former Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes. Except Duties on Spirits under 13 & 14 G. 3. (1.) C.JX. for Lagan Navigation.

And except Duties applicable to the Purposes of the Dublin Watch Under Irish Acts, 35 G. 3. c. 36.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of an Act passed in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the ffteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred andfour, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof; and which Act hath been continued by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of the several Sorts of Sugar in the said Act mentioned, and also an additional Bounty, to be calculated at and after the Rate of ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds in Money on the Produce and Amount of the said last mentioned Bounties, shall be allowed and paid, subject nevertheless to the Regulations, Provisions, and Directions in the said recited Act, and in any Act or Acts for continuing or amending the same, and in this Act mentioned and contained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the dripping of any Wines in any Port in Ireland in Ships belonging to his Majesty's Navy for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in his Majesty's Service for their actual Consumption on board such of his Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, and for no other Purpose, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties paid on the Importation of such Wines into Ireland shall be allowed and paid under this Act 5 provided that no such Wines shall be shipped on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War for the Purpose aforesaid, other than in the Presence and under the Care and Inspection of an Officer of the Revenue to be from Time to Time appointed for that Puroofe by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland: Provided also, that such Wine9 shall be so shipped witHin three Years from the Importation thereof, and under such other Regulations and Restrictions as may be from Time to Time made and required by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Privy Council of Ireland for the Time being.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That upon all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, which shall be exported thence to any Place except to Great Britain, there shall be allowed, by way of Drawback or Compensation for the Duty by this Act charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excise Duty by this Act charged thereon, the Sum of Ten-pence for every Pound Weight of such manufactured Tobacco, upon Proof being made that such manufactured Tobacco paid the Import and Inland or Excise Duties made payable by this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Custom, Subsidy, or Duty whatever shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland not mentioned in the said Schedule marked C., except the Alnage Duties; provided that due Entry be first made of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize at the Custom-House of the Port where the same shall be exported, which Entry shall expref3 the Quantity and Quality and the Particulars of each Denomination of the Goods so to be exported, and the Particulars and Contents of each Package in which such Goods are exported, and the Value thereof, and shall be made in all Respects in the same Manner as the Laws now in force in Ireland require, in respect of any Goods exported from Ireland before the passing of this Act, and so as the same be shipped at the Places and Times required by Lawr and m Presence of the proper Officer, and be by him examined, and so as that the Exporter of any Goods the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, do first make Oath, or if a known Quaker, a solemn Affirmation before the Customer, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of such Port, which Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby required and empowered to administer, that such Goods are of Irish Manufacture or Produce, or both, as the Case may be; and in default of performing such respective Requisites, or any of them, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, col-le&ed, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Artiaes and Things mentioned, set forth, and described in the Schedule marked F. hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money, Duties of Inland Excise, Duties and Taxes, as they are respectively described, inserted, and set forth in the said Schedule; which several Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and, full Satisfaction of all Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes granted by any former Act or A&9 of the Parliament of Ireland, or of the said United Kingdom, on any of the Articles and Things in the said Schedule mentioned; except the Duties on Spirits or strong Waters payable by virtue of an Act passed in Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing and amending three several Acts, one passed in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other two in his present Majesty's Reign, for making the River Lagan navigable, and opening a Communication by Water between Lough Neagh and the Town of Belfast; and for enabling the Commissioners therein named to raise Money by Ajfgnment of the said Duties, for the more expeditious and effectual carrying on the said Work; and also except the Duties payable by Person9 hawking about Trees, Shrubs, and Plants for Sale within the City of Dublin or five Miles thereof; and by all Persons felling or ex poling to Sale within the said City or five Miles thereof, in any Stand, Stall, Shed, Booth, or other Place not being a Part of or in his or her Dwelling Hgufe, any new or old Books, Maps, Prints, Pamphlets, Charts, or Drawings; and by all Persons who shall sell or expose to Sale within the said City or five Miles thereof, any Glass Bottles, not being respectively the Makers or Importers thereof, and not felling Wine, Spirits, Beer, or Ale; and by all Persons who shall sell or expose to Sale within

5 the

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. a 6;

15

36 G. 3* c. jo.

39 G. 3. c. 56.

40 G.3. c. 6*.

No Duty on Irish Beer or-Ale.

c. 67, §11.] For what Tim# annual Licence# under Schedule-F.llulllaft*

the said City or five Miles thereof, old Clothes in any Stall, Shed, Booth, Shop, or other Place; and by every Person carrying on the Business of a Pawnbroker within the said City or five Miles thereof, for every House in which such Business shall be carried on; and also save and except the additional Duty of ten Shillings payable to the Superintendant Magistrate of the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, by every Person selling Spirits by Retail within the said City or within five Miles thereof, over and above all other Duties whatsoever j all which said last mentioned Duties are otherwise appropriated.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Duty shall be paid on any Beer or Ale brewed within Ireland.

[As to Drawback fee post

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Licences mentioned in the said Schedule marked F. on which the respective Duties mentioned therein shall be from Time to Time respectively paid by virtue of this Act, shall continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March next after the Date of such Licences respectively, and no longer; except such Licences as shall be granted to Brewers, Diilillers, Maltiters, and Recti-fiers of Spirituous Liquors, which Licences shall respectively continue in Force until the twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof, and no longer; and except Licences to Retailers of Spirituous Liquors which shall be in Force until the twenty-ninth Days of September in the Year for which they shall be granted*

H Drawback on Spirits ten per Cent. under Proof exported, except to Great Britain, 3l. i\d. per Gallon, §30.

Additional Drawback of Four-pence per Gallon on stronger Spirits, according to their Strength, §31/*

[But fee 44 G. 3. c. 67, §16.3

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That over and above the said Drawback on all Spirits distilled in Irelandf 0, 1*»

and which shall be shipped for Exportation, except to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and paid to the

Person or Persons exporting Spirits made and distilled from Malt, made of Corn of the Growth or Produce above 13 s. 6 d* of Ireland, when the Price of Barley in Ireland, as ascertained in the Manner specified in an Act passed in per Barrel, 4CL Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating Gallon. the Com Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular andfteady Supply of Com in this Kingdom, and 23 k 24 G. 3* for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned, shall not exceed thirteen Shil- (M c* x9* lings and Sixpence the Barrel, a Bounty of Four-pence for every Gallon of such Spirits out of the Duties hereby granted; but under the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Securities, Exceptions, See 44 g! 3/ Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are enacted with respect to the Bounties on Corn exported. c. 28, §5.j

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for and upon all Bottles made of common Bottle Metal, which Drawback of the

shall be made in Ireland, the Duty which shall have been actually paid thereon shall and may be repaid and whole Duty on allowed upon all such Bottles as shall be exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts. Glass Bottle*.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have actually Drawback of the paid the Duties imposed for or in respect of Paper made in Ireland, and for any other Person who shall buy or Dut? on. be lawfully entitled unto any such Paper, from the Person or Persons who actually paid the Duties for the fame, to export such Paper to any Parts beyond the Seas, by way of Merchandize, and to receive a Drawback of all the Duty actually paid thereon.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have actually paid the Duty charged in Ireland, on any printed, painted, or stained Paper Hangings made in Ireland, and for any other Person who shall buy or be lawfully entitled to any such Paper Hangings, from the Person who actually paid the Duty charged on the fame, to export such Paper Hangings to any foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, and such Exporter shall receive a Drawback of the whole o? such Duty actually paid thereon.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to every Printer, Painter, or

Stainer of Paper Hangings, a Drawback of the Duty charged on all Paper made in Ireland after the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, which shall be manufactured by him into D*p Paper Hangings, on Proof upon Oath being made to the Satisfaction of the Chief Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, of the Quantity of Paper so used, and that such Paper was not made prior to the said Day, and that the Duty by this Act chargeable thereon was paid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of any Hides and Skins, and Pieces of I>mwback on Hides and Skins tanned or drelTed in Oil in Ireland, or of any Vellum or Parchment made in Ireland, on which Le; uher ld* the Duties charged on the Manufacture thereof in the said Schedule marked F. shall have been paid, there shall be allowed and repaid to the Person or Persons exporting the same respectively, a Drawback of one Penny on every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins; and a Drawback equal to the Duties charged on all such Vellum and Parchment by the said Schedule and actually paid thereon; and upon the Exportation of any such tanned Leather manufactured in Ireland into Goods and Wares of tanned Leather only, or of which such tanned Leather is the most valuable Part, to any Place except Great Britain, there shall be allowed and repaid a Drawback of one Penny Halfpenny on every round Weight Avoirdupois.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Duties by this Act imposed on Raw and Untanned Hides exported, and on Linseed Oil, Chocolate, and Cocoa Nuts imported, as shall remain, after deducting the hereditary Duties to* the Crown thereon, shall be paid, and issued by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, to the Trustees for encouraging the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be by them applied towards encouraging the raising of Flax Seed in Ireland.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Duties paid to, and all Sums granted to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures shall be exempted from the Payment of all Fees.

Linen Manufacture*, exempt irora Fee*.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the fereral Sums granted by this Act, or by any other Act of Par- Application of

liament Sums grautd.

Paper exported,

Drawback on Paper Hangings, the whole Duty.

Drawback on Pnper Hanging* in respect of tho

per Ih.

Parchment th#. whole Duties.

On Leather Manufactures i£d. per lb.

Resid ue of Duties on Hides exported, &c, applicable to encouraging the raising of Flax Seed.

Duties, &c. applicable to

C. 2 6.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

fur raising Flax Seed, Uc.

foment in Force in Ireland and appropriated to encourage the raising of sufficient Quantities of Flax Seed and Hemp, and for the Encouragement of the Hempen Manufacture of the Provinces of Lcinjler, Munster, and Connaught, shall be applied to such Purposes only, and no other; and that a separate and distinct Account shall be kept by the proper Officer of the Application thereof, and laid before Parliament.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to arise from the rcfoective Duties of two Shillings and Sixpence, and Two-pence, in the said Schedule, marked D. mentioned, upon Entries Inwards and Outwards, in the Port of Dublin, and upon certain Ships and Vessels trading to Ireland, shall be received by the Coile&or of the w, .r, f said Port of Dublin, and by the several Collectors of the respective Ports where the said Ships and Vessels shall

shall be paid into ar"vc respectively; and the said Collectors are hereby respectively authorized to demand and receive the same,

the Exchequer, and the said Duties shall be by the said Collectors paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland;

and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for the Time being mall cause Sixpence of the said Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence in the said Schedule mentioned to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Excnange in the City of Dublin, to be by them applied towards keeping the same in Repair, and towards the Discharge of the Wages of Servants employed therein; and the Residue of the said Duty of two Shillings and Sixpence to the Corporation for erecting Buildings for Commercial Purposes, to be by them applied toward* the Discharge of the Interest of such Monies as nave been borrowed or shall be borrowed, not exceeding in the Whole thirteen thousand Pounds, for erecting and finishing the said Buildings, and towards discharging the Principal, and to and for no other Purpose, to be accounted for before the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland.

XL.II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Taxes granted by this Act, and not hereby appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular Use or Uses, Purpose or Purposes, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted, shall be carried to and he rart of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence per Pound and all other Fees which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon bluing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the said Consolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That neither the Sum of Sixpence per Pound, nor any other Fee shall be payable to or be deducted or received by any Officer or Officers of the Treasury of Ireland for or on account of the iffiiing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in discharge of any Part of the National Debt of Ireland, or of any Interest or Annuities on the same.

XLIV/And be it further enacted, That no Cambricks or Lawns, nor Gold or Silver Lace, except of the Manufacture of Great Brit can % shall be imported into Ireland under the Penalty or Forfeiture of all such Cambricks, Lawns, and Lace, and Treble the Value thereof, and of the Forfeiture of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel.

Britain shall be forfeited, Uc.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all the several Duties, Rates, and ImpoGtions hereby granted upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, (except as to such of the said Duties as may by Law be bonded during such Time only as such Duties shall not be demandable) and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof^ and all Inland or Excise Duties or Taxes by this Act granted and expressed in the Schedule £. hereunto annexed, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, liis Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Way9 and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing of Duties pay- ablt on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling of the Excise or New Imbojl upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; and lay any other Act or Acts in Force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said last mentioned Act, passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, Allowances, and Taxes, in this Act and the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, shall be paid and

Allowances,

and the re-

...e, Weight,

Gauge, Measure, or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in proportion upon any greater or leis Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure, or Value, of such Articles, Matters, and Things, respectively.

" Continuance of Act, 25th March 1805, §47. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §48.°

it. 6d. Duty on Entriej'in Port of Dublin, and ad. Duty on Trading Ship*,

6d. thereof applicable to Dublin Royal Exchange, and Remainder to Corporation for Commercial Buildings.

Duties not otherwise appropriated shall be carried tolrish Con-foTidated Fund;

al also Fees payable at the Irish Exchequer.

Ko Fees on Payment of Interest or Annuities.

Cambricks, Uc. and Gold Lace imported, except of the Manufacture of Great

All Duties, Uc. under this Act Hull be levied and collected as under Excise Act, 14 & 15 C. 2. (I.) c. S.

Duties shall be paid in Irish Currency, and in proportion to the Tale,

Gauge, Uc of Goods,

3*

c. 67. §13. that they shall be paid in Cur-

rency with certain Exceptions- J

SCHEDULES

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 26.

17

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of the Goods* Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great BritainJ; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ J* £ d.

0 0 to O O

io 5 4 16 13 4

052 038

002 OOI

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29, 8 0

006 004

017 012

024 022

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 15 8 0 13 5

1 5 11 0 18 11

0 10 3 ° 7 3

1 1 7 0 18 7

018 017

0 0 10 009

098 087

0011 0 0 0

022 0 2°

33 0 0 29 0 0

040 0 2 6

006 ° 0 f

006 to O O

090 076

006 0 0 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 CO 0 05

INWARDS.

A.

Adianthum, the lb.

Agates, viz.

- Poliflied, or otherwise manufaAured, for every £. too of the Value —

- Rough, small as a Bean, the 100 Dozen —

- Rough, laige, the Piece -

- Rough, small, not otherwise described, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Ale. See Beer.

Alkali, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Sal. See Sal Alkali.

Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkcrmcs Confe&io, the oz. Troy -

- Syrup, the lb.

Almond Paste, foe every £. 100 of the Value -

Almonds, viz.

- Bitter, the cwt.

- Jordan, the cwt.

- in the Shell, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

- Oil of See Oil.

Aloes, viz.

- Succotrina, or Socotorina, the lb.

Hepatica, and any other Sort, the lb.

Alum, viz.

- Roch Alum, the cwt.

(If for Dyers* Ule free.)

Amber, the lb.

- Beads. See Beads.

- Oil of See Oil.

Ambergris, the oz. Troy -

Ambra Liquida, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Ammoniacum, viz.

- Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.

- *--Sal. Sec Sal Ammoniacus.

Anchor Stocks. See Wood. v

Anchovies, 1 the Barrel, qt. 16lbs. of Fish -

Angelica, the lb.

Am mi Guto. See Gurti.

Annifced. See Seed.

- Oil of See OiL

Anaotto, the lb.

i (If for Dyqrs* Use free.)

Antimonium, viz.

- Crvdum, the cwt.

' (If for Dyers* Use free.)

- Preparatum, or Stibium, the lb. —

Apparel, tar every £. 100 of the Value -

And an additional Duty, by the lb. or by the Yard, on the Materials of which such Apparel is made, according to the respective Rates to which such Materials are subject.

Apples, t^c Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel -

44 Geo. III. D

o o II

Aquafortis,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Imw&kos.

Aquafortis, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use free*)

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arangoes. See Beads.

Archelia. See Orchelia.

Argentum vivum. See Quicksilver.

Argol, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use free.)

Aristolochia, or Birthwort, the lb.

Armoniac. See Bole Armoniacum.

aSS"* }*"*

Arrow Root, the cwt.

- of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations or Colonies in America, the cwt.

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

Arsenic, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use free.)

Afla-foetida, the lb.

Alarum Root, the lb.

Ashes of all Sons free.

Asphaltum, or Bitumen Judaicum, the lb.

Asses, for every £. too of the Value -

Auripigmentura. SeeOrpiment.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

O

o 6

o o

Bacon and Hams, the cwt.

Badger Skins. See Skins.

Balks. See Wood.

Balls, viz.

- Tennis Balls, the 1000

- Washing Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead. See Balsam Natural. Balsam, viz.

Artificial, the lb.

B.

- Canada, the lb.

- Copaiva, or Capivi, the lb.

- Natural, the lb.

not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £ iqo of the Value

o

o

o

20

on j

Band Strings, the Dozen Knots

- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty for every lb.

Band String Twist, the Dozen Knots -

- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty for every lb. —

Barbadoes Tar. See Tar.

Barilla free as Ashes.

Bark, viz.

- or Hemlock, being for Tanning or Dyers' Use free.

- Jesuits. See Cortex Peruvianus.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. ioo of the Value — Barley. See Corn.

- hulled. See Pearl Barley.

Barras. See Canvas in Linen.

Barr Wood, if for Dyers' Use free.

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band Baskets, viz.

- Hand Baskets, the Dozen -

- Wicker Baskets, for every £. too of the Value -

Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

Platting or other Manufacture of Bast or Straw for making Hats or Bonnets. See Platting.

Bast Ropes, the cwt.

Battery, Bafhrones, and Kctt es, tike cwt. —

Bayberries. Sec Berries.

Bay Yarn. Sec ^Vooflcn Yarn in Yarn.

6 v

1

o

o

o

o

o

33

5«o 3 5 "

33 0 o

x 6

o

20

2 19

040

006

I 10 o

O 10 O'

06a

006

o 0* y

003 16 13 4

097

O 12 4

o o y

o 1 4 006 009 o 1 10 29 8 o 069 5 11 10 032.

5 II 13

29 8 o

o 1 4

o 1 2

16 13 4

o 1 4

2 11 s

Beads,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwakds.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

Beads, viz.

- Amber Beads, the lb.

- Arangoe, for every £.100 of the Value -

Bone, or Box, the great Gross -

- Box. See Bone.

- Coral Beads, the lb.

- Crystal Beads the 1000 -

- Glass, for every £ 100 of the Value -

- Jasper, the 100 Stones -

- Jet Beads, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value

Beans. See Corn.

- Kidney or French Beans as Garden Seeds in Seeds. See Seeds.

Bear Skins. See Skins.

Beaver Skins.* See Skins.

- Wool. See Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers.

Beech Boards 1

- Plank > See Wood.

- Quarters J

Beef, whether salted or otherwise as Prqvifiona.

Beer, viz.

--Mum, the Barrel, qt. 3* Gallons -

--Spruce Beer, the Barrel, qt. 32 Gallons -

--or Ale of all other Sorts, the Barrel, qt. 32 Gallons —

Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bell Metal. See Metal.

Belvidcre Raisins. See Raisins.

Benjamin, the lb.

Bere or Bigg. See Corn.

Bergamot, .Essence of, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Benins as Carriages.

Berries, rix. '

- Bay, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use free.)

" Juniper, the cwt.

(It for Dyers' Use free.)

- Yellow, for every £. 100 of the Value —

(If for Dyers' UTe free.)

- not otherwise enumerated or described, not being Drugs, and not being

the Purpose of Dying, for every £. 100 of the Value — Birds, Singing Birds, the Dozen -

Biscuits. See Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum. See Asphaltum.

Blacking, the cwt.

Black Latten. See Latten.

Black Lead. See Lead.

Bladders, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Blades for Foils, the Dozen -

- for Razors, the Dozen -

Blankets, or Blanketing, the Square Yard -

Blubber. See Train Oil in Oil.

Boards. Sec Wood.

Bole Arrooniac, or Armenian Bole, the cwt.

Bone Lace. See Lace.

Bones and Hoofs of Cattle, for every £, 100 of the Value —

Bonnets. See Hats.

Books bound, the cwt.

- unbound, the cwt.

Boom 8pan. See Span in Wood.

Borax refined, the lb.

- unrefined, or Tincal, the lb.

Bottles, viz.

- of Earth, or Stone, the dozen Bottles -

Da

£ J. £ #. a.

O 7 4 O 6 s

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 10 10 093

0 1190 7 3

1 090 18 5

8316 5 80 4 5

0 18 8 0 12 9

0 1 8 0 1 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

for

I 1 4 O 18 6

I xo 10 I 7 6

O 11 2 O 10 0

O*9 O 1 7

33 0 09 8 0

0 6 2 0 5 2

0 1 I 0 0 11

20 5 4 163 4

20 5 4 16 >3 4

O 3 10 0 2 4

O5 7 03 4

20 5 4 163 4

O*9 0 2 6

O 2 2 0 1 10

I 7 6 1 6 9

O 3* 0 2 5

20 5 4 163 4

3 0 6 292

1 17 0 1 11 4

0 1 6 0 1 4

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 3* 0*7 Bottles,

p

20 C. 26. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks.

Bottles, continued. £.. £ d.

- of Glass, covered with Wicker, for every £, 100 of the Value — — Green, or Common Glass Bottles, full or empty, not of ltfs Content than.83 16 4 1 O 00

one Pint, and not being Phials, for every £. ioo of the Value — Note, Flalfcs in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty as such. 83 l6 4 CO 0 4"

Bowls, or Buckets of Wood, not bound with Iron, the Dozen — ' — Bowsprits. See Mails in Wood. Boxes, viz. 0 X 3 Oil

- Drafting Boxes, for every *.100 of the Value' — — *Nell Boxes, the Gross of 12 Dozen Neds, each Nefl qt. 8 Boxes — 20 5 4 16 13 4

c 17 2 O I4 I I

Pill Boxes, the Gross of 12 Dozen Nells, each Ncft qt. 4 Boxes — b 2 2 0 0 8

Sand Boxes, the Gross of 12 Dozen — — — 047 O42

- Snuff Boxes, not being Silver or Gold, for every £*ioo of the Value — Box Wood. See Wood. 33 0 0 29 8 0

Bracelets or Necklaces of Glass, for every £. 100 of the Value — — Brandy. See Spirits. Brass Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged 8316 5 80 4 5

with Duty, for every £*ioo of the Value — — Old. See Shruff. Wire. See Wire. Brazil Wood. See Wood. Brazilletto Wood. See'Wood. Bread or Biscuits. See Provisions. 33 0 0 29 8 0

Bricks, the 1000 - 059 0 c 0

Brimstone, the cwt. - Note, For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Duty on Brimstone may be drawn back on being used in certain Manufactures, See 40 Geo. 3. Chap. 43. since continued. Bristle8, viz. drafted, the Dozen lbs. - of Muscovy or Russia, imported in foreign Shipping, the Dozen lbs. , rough or undressed, the Dozen lbs. - of Muscovy or Russia, imported in foreign Shipping, the 022 0 5 10 064 0 1 6 012 0 1 2 02 8 010

Dozen lbs. — — ' Broken Glass. See Glass. 018 012

Bronze Figures and Wares, for every £. 100 of the Value — — 33 0 0 29 8 0

Brooms, Flag Brooms or Whisk Brooms, for every £. 100 of the Value Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread. Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins. Buckets of Wood. See Bowls of Wood. 26 8 07 4 5

Bugle great, the lb. - 0 1 5 014

small or Seed, the lb. - Bullion or Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver free. Burs for Mill Stones. See Stones. Burrachas. See Indian Rubber. 025 024

Bulls or Figures of Marble or Stone, for every £. 100 of the Value — - not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for 20 5 4 1613 4

every £*ioo of the Value — — — Butter as Provisions. c 20 5 4 1613 4

Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt.' — — Cable Yarn. See Yarn. Caddas or Crewel Ribband, the Dozen Pieces, not queeeding 1 \ Inches in Breadth, 0 19 1 0 16 9

each Piece qt. 36 Yards — — — and further if of Silk or mixed with Silk, for every lb. thereof — 0128 5 11 10 095 5 11 10

Caffoy, the Yard - 0 2 11 O 2 1

and further if of Silk or mixed with Silk, for every lb. thereof — Cake Lac. See Gum Lac. Calabar Skins. See Skins. Calaminari8 Lapis. See Lapis. j 11. 10 5 11 10

Calamus, the lb.« — Calavanije as Provisions. m 4 004 003 Callitoes,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Ipwarps.

Callicoes, viz.

- wjiite, the Yaqd -

- pj-inted, painted, stained or dyed, or partly dyed after weaving, the Yard

Calve Skins. See Skins.

Cameletto, Half Silk, Half Hair, the Yard -

- and further, for every lb. thereof -

Cambogfum* See Gamboge.

Camd Hair, See Hair.

or Mohair Yarn. See Yarn.

Camomile Flowers, the lb.

Qamphire, ijiz.

- refined, the lb.

- uprefined, the lb.

Cam Wood< See Wood.

Canada Balaam. See Balsam.

Canary Seed. See Seed.

Cables, viz;

- Spermaceti, the cwt.

- Tallow, the cwt.

- Wax, the cwt.

Candlewick, the cwt.

Cane Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- > — platting, or other Manufacture of Cane to make Hats or Bonnets. See Platting. Canes, viz.

- Rattans, for every £.100 of the Value -

> - Reed Canes, the 1000 -

(If for Manufacturers* Use, free.)

Walking Canes, not being mounted, the 1000 —

Cans oCAVood, not bound with Iron, the Dozen

tl4M" "

for every £. 100 of the Value

Cantld^des, the lb.

Canvas.See Linen.

Capers, the lb. —

Capita Papaverum, or Poppy Heads, the 1000 Caps of Cotton, for every £, 100 of the Value

- of Woollen or Worsted,

Cardamoms, the lb.

Cards, Plajflfe Cards, the Dozen Packs -

Cariophyllorum Oleum, as Oil of Cloves, in Oil.

Carmenia Wdol, as Goats Hair. See Hair.

Carpet* of Turkey, qt. less than Four Yards Square, the Carpet

- : ---!--- qt. Four Yards Square, or upwards, the Carpet, .;

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every £, 100 of the Value -

Carrabe or Succinum, as Amber. Sec Amber.

Carraway Seeds. See Seeds.

Carriages, with or without the Appurtenances, for every £.100 of the Value

- and for further Duty on the Hamefs by the lb.

If of Leather. Seel Leather manufactured.

If of Silk. See Silk manufactured.

Carthamus Seed. See Seed.

Carui Oleum, as Oil of Carraway. See Oil.

Cadiew Gurr. See Gum.

Nuts. See Nuts.

Casks, empty, the Tun of 252 Gallons content r -

Cafia, viz.

- Buds, for every £, 100 of the Value -

- Fiftula, the lb.

Lignea, the lb.

Castor, the lb. Oil of.

See Oil.

Catlirgs, or Lut<* firings, the Gross of 12 Dozen Knots —

Cat Skins. See Skins.

Cattle Alive, viz. Bulls, Cows, Oxen, or Steers, for every £.100 of the Vsduc Caviare, the cwt.

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ d. £. 1. d.

0 52 0 4 r i

061 059

0 3 7 0 3 3

5 11 10 5 11 10

002 002

018 016

0 M O O 008

1 .0

2 11 o 16

1 10

3

4 4

20 5 4

048

5

o 1

O

O

44

44

o

1 15 7

o % 10 10 i jo 7

33 0 0

20 5 4

059

33

o

o

o

20 5 4 089

1 13 10

a 18 2,

2 o o 13

6

5

1613 4 005

3 i5 o 1 o 1

o o

O I

40 8

40 8

0 1

1 15

0 5 10

1 3 II

29 8 p 16 13

o 4 11

29 8 o o o I o 2

o I

16 13 4 o 65 Cayenne

C. 26

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks.

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper. Cerufia, as White Lead. Chaifcs, as Carriages. £. 4. <L £. /. do

Chalk, for every £.100 of the Value — — — Chamameli Flores. See Camomile Flowers. Chainlets, viz. unwatered, or Mohair, the Yard — — — to 5 4 0 090 i 3 16 13 4 007 0011

- half Silk, half Hair, the Yard - and further, if made of, or mixed with Silk* for every lb. thereof — Chariots, as Carriages. 022 5 11 10 018 5 11 10

Cheese, the cwt. — — — Chemical Oil* See Oil. 028 018

Cherries, the cwt. — — — Chesnuts. See Nuts. 070 038

Chests of Iron, small, the Piece not exceeding in Length one Yard — — Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone sculptured, as Stone sculptured.*13 4 2 10 7 194 230

China Rots, the lb. - China, Porcelaine, or Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or 022 020

otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value — Chip Hats or Bonnets. See Hats. Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets. See Platting. 44 0 0 40 8 0

Chocolate, the lb. — — 0 1 5 012

Cider, the Tun, of 252 Gallons — — — Cinders. See Coals. Cinnabar. See Vermillion. 216 1 10 6

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb. — — — 018 016

Cinnamon, the lb. — — — Cinamomi Oleum, as Oil of Cinnamon. See Oil. 0 2 2 019

Ciderns of Latten, the lb. — — — Citron, viz. preserved with Salt, for every £.100 of the Value — — - preserved with Sugar as Succards. See Succards. — - Water. See Spirits. 0 0 8 1 33 0 0 006 29 8 8

Civet, the oz. Troy — — — Clap Boards. See Boards in Wood. Clay, fine Clay and sand Clay, free. 029 0 1 8

Clocks, of Wood, for every £.\oo of the Value — — — not of Wood, for every ^.100 of the Value — — Cloths, Woollen, as Drapery old or new. See Drapery. Clover Seed. See Seed. 20 S 4 33 0 0 163 29 8 0

Cloves, the lb. - 033 030

Coals, Culm, or Cinders, the Ton — — — Note, Coals is subject to a further Duty of is. id. per Ton when imported into Dublin Harbour (and not for the Use of the Glass, Sugar, or Salt Manufactories); said Duty to be fully drawn back on Exportation, See 23 and 24 Geo. 3. r. 31. in Force until the 25th of March 1810. 0 2 7 020

Cobalt, or Zaffre, for every £.100 of the Value — — 1 (If for Dyers or Manufacturera* Use, free.) 20 5 4 16 13 4

Cochineal, the lb. - (If for Dyers* Use, free.) 0011 001

Cocoa Nuts, the lb. - 0 1 5 0 1 4

CocuIub Indicus, the lb. — — — Coffee, viz. the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America^ the cwt — the Produce of any other Country or Place, the cwt. — — (Subject aHo to a Duty of Excise.) For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coffee may on Importation be warehoused, on paying down 3l. 6J. per cwt. and Securing the Remainder of the Duty by Bond. See Acts relating thereto. Coin, viz. of Copper. See Copper. 0 1 10 5 00 6 ty 10 018 4161 6 13 10 Coin,

A- E>. r8o4

44° GEORGII III.

C. 26.

23

SCHEDULE (A.) — I»wa*ds. Duties. Drawbacks.

Coin, continued* — of Goldjor Silver, free* Cole Seed. See Seed. £. t. £. / di

Colophonia, or White RoGn, the cwt. — — — Colon re for Painters. See Painters' Colours. °4 5 0 3 10

Columbo Root, the lb. — — — 0 0 10 009

Combs of Ivory, for every ^.100 of the Value — — — 33 0 0 29 8 0

Comfits, the lb. - Coney Skint. Sea Skins. — Wool. See Wool. Contraycrva Radix. See Radix. Copaiba or Capra Balsam. See BaHam. Copal Gum. See Gum. Copper, via. 0 1 10 010

- Ore, the cwt. - unwrought, via. 0 «90 1 r

Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and all cast Copper, the cwt. — 0 11 3 0 7 0

in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt. - part wrought, hammered or raised, Bars, Rods, or Ingots, the cwt. — Manufactures not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and Copperplate engraved, for tvery £. 100 of the Value — Wire. See Wire. Copperas, viz. 0 14 7 198 0 10 4 0 18 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

- blue, the cwt. — — -J green, the cwt. - (If for Dyers* Use free.) Coral, viz. Beads. See Bead*. 0 8 x 003 0 8 10 059 07 0

in Fragments, the lb. - 012 010

- whole, polished, the lb. - unpolished, the lb. - 0 10 a 081 0 6 6 064

Cordage, tarred or untarred, the cwt. — v — — Cordial Water. See Spirits. Cordivant Skins. See Skins*. Coriander Seed. See Seed-. 0 18 0 0 16 8

Cork, the cwt. - 0 f 6 049

Corks, ready made, the Gross of 12 Dozen — — — > Corn or Grain, for the Duties thereon. See Act relating thereto. Corn Powder. See Gun Powder. Cortex, viz. — - Angufturae, the lb. - Elutheri* or Cafcarilla, the lb. - Limonum or Aurrntiorum, or Lemon or Orange Bed, the lb. — Peruvianus or Jcfuit's Bark, the lb. — — — 0 in 0 0 i' 003 003 015 0 1 10 002 0 0 3. 0 0 3 013

- Simarouba, the lb. - ! Winteranua, the lb. - not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value — Cotton Manufacture. See Muffin. — Thread. See Thread. — Twist. See Twist. — Wool. See Wool. — Yarn. See Yam. Cow or Ox Hair. See Hair. Hides. See Hides. 008 006 33 0 0 006 0 0 5; 29 8 fe

Cow-itch, the lb. — — — Cows. See Cattle. 012 010

Cranberries, for every £. 100 of the Value — — to 5 463 4

Crayons, for every 100 of the Value — — — r 20 5 4 16 13 4

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. - : Crewel R bband., See Caddas. Crout, fbur, as Provisions. CryftaV viz. — Beads. See Beads.; 0911 0 J u Gryftalf

C. 26.

44" GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ ' d- £. s. d.

- 017 90 5

- 33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 11 0 196

1 15 2 1 13 8

0 8 10 082

1 12 1 179

3 19 2 072

0 14 10 0 14 0

20 5 4 1613 4

021 021

20 5 4 16 13 4

1 8 3 1 7 9

078 075

33 0 0 29 8 0.

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 $ t 00 0

002 OOl

001 OOI

33 0 0 29 8 a

0 3 7 0 3 4

20 5 4 1613 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

+ 0 0 0 0 j

Fans,

Crystal, continued.

- broken in Pieces, the lb.

for every £. 100 of the Value —

Cucumbers, pickled or preserved, for every £, 100 of the Value Culm as Coals.

Cummin Seed. Sec Seed.

Currants, viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- in foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

Cuttle Bones, the 1000 -

D.

See Linen.

Damask Tabling br Napkinning. Dates, the cwt. —

iwjM. I8"-"'"*1-

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia Raifms. See Raifms. Diagudium. See Soamony.

every^io° of the Value Diaper. See Linen.

Dice, for every Pair —

Dimity, for every £. 100 of the Value and further for every Square Yard

Dog Skins

See Skins.

Dog Fish Skins

Down, for every £. 100 of the Value Drapery, viz.

- old, the Yard —

new, the Yard —

Drawings, for every £, 100 of the Value Drillings. See Ijnen.

Drugs, not particularly .enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, apd not being for the Purposes of Dying, for every £. 100 of the Value —

E.

Earth Red, as Raddle. See Raddle.

Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £, 100 of the Value Ebony. See Wood. :

Elailic Bottles or Barrachas. See Indian Riibber.

Elbing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Eleborup. See Helebore.

Elemi Gum. See Gum.

Elephant's Teeth, the lb. J —

Elk Hair. See Hair.

- Skins. See Skint

Emeralds. f See Diamonds.

Emery, the lb.

- Stones. See Stones.

Enamel, fdr even' £. ido of thi Value Emilia Campana Radix, .See Radik.

Erengii Radix. See Radix.

Errpinc Skins. See Skjns.

Essence of Lemon, the lb. —

- of Spruce, for every £. too of the Value

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

for every £. ico of the Value Eftrich Feathers. See Oitr.eh Feathers in Feathers.

Eftrich Wool. See Wool.

Euphorbium, the lb.

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 26

25

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

F.

Fans, as Haberdashery.

Fan-mounts, of Leather, for every £, 100 of the Value —

- and further for every lb. thereof —

Faro Raisins. See Raisins.

Feathers for Beds, the cwt.

- O (fridge or Eftridge, dressed or undressed, for every £. 100 of the Value

t---: --- Vulture, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty

(apdnot being Bed Feathers), for every £»ioo of the Value Fechia Afljes as Ashes. See Ashes.

Fennel Seed* 1 c 0 ,

Fenugreek Seeds J e cc s*

Ferret Ribband, per Gross of 12 Dozen -

- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty per lb. of

Fiddles for Children, as Toys.

Figs, viz.

- imported in Ships of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

-in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

Filtering Stones. See Stones.

- Ssr 1s"

Fish, viz.

- Cod Fish, the Barrel of 32 Gallons -

- for every Six Score Fish -

--Fresh of all Jtin's free.

--Herriogs, the Bariiel of 32 Gallons -

- Ling, ffor every Six Score -

- ^ISalmoh, the Barrel of 32 Gallons -

- Stock) the no -

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and

not by any Law exempt from Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value — .Note. For the Conditions and Regulations under which Fish taken and , cured by Subjects, may be imported Duty free, fee Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Fisher Skins. See Skins.

Fish Oil. See Train Oil in Oik Fitches Skips. See Skins.

Flag Broon^s. See Brooms.

Flannel, the Yard -

Flasks. See Bottles.

Flax, undressed, free.

- dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

Flax Seed. See Linseed in Seed.

Flint Stones, for Potters, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Flocks, the cwt.

Flower Roots, for every 5 Score -

Flowers, Artificial, for every £ 100 of the Vhlue —

Foflils, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Fowls, as Provisions.

Fox Skins 7 c

Tails okms.

Frames for Pictures or Prints, for every £»iOO of the Value —

Frankincense, the cwt.

Frosting. See Orfedew.

Fruit, Artificial, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Furriers Waste, fit only for making Glue, for every/*. 100 of the Value

Fur. See Skins.

--made into Articles of JSrefs, as Millinery. See Millinery.

Futtick. See Wood.

Geo. III.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ ' d.

33 0 0 29 8 O

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 l5 10 09S

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 11 0 2 7

5 11 10 5 11 10

093 0 7 0

0 10 3 0 8 0

0 5 6 0 4 4

1 2 0 0 16 5

0 6 7

2 4 0 195

0 10 1 0 8 7

0 3 7 0 3 4

*3 5 7913 7

0 1 1 0 1 0

1 12 S, 1 8 10

2 1 10 1 18 3

0 1 1 0 0 10

099 0 7 0

0 2 9; 0 2 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

20 5 4 163 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 6 7 0 5 7

33 0 0 29 8 0

20 5 4 16 J3 4

Gad

G»

Gad Steel. See Steel.

Galanga, the lb.

Galbanum, the lb.

Gaily Tiles. Sec Tiles.

Galls, the cwt. —

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

Gamboge, the lb.

Garnets Cut, the lb.

- Rough, the lb.

Gauze of Thread, for every j£. 100 of the Value -

- and further for every Square Yard thereof -

- of Silk, as Silk Manufacture.

Geldings. See Horses.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb.

Ginger of the British Plantations or Colonies in America or the West Indie: , the cwt. — '- not the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, the cwt. —

- preserved, the lb.

Ginfing, the lb.

Glass Bottles. See Bottles.

--broken, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt.

Plate Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £»ioo of the Value Glauber Salt. See Salt.

Glue, the cwt.

Goats Hair* See Hair.

- Skin 8.

--Wool.

Gold Coin.

--Plate.

--and Silver Thread.

Grain. See Corn.

Grains, Guinea, the lb.' —

Grapes, for every £. 100 of the Value Grape, Rape of See Rape of Grapes.

Groceries, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £*ioo of the Value Grogram Yarn. See Yarn.

Guaiacum Gum. See Gum.

Guinea Grains. See Grains.

- Pepper. See Pepper.

- Wood. Sec Red Wood, in Wood.

Gum, viz.

- Ammoniacus, the lb. —

- Animi, the lb. —

--Arabic, the cwt: —

--Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.

--Cashew, the cwt. —

- of the Growth or Produce of the British West India I Hands, or of the

Bahama and Bermuda, or Somers Isles, the cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

- r — of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

--Copal, for every £, 100 of the Value -

--Elemi, the lb.

--Guaiacum, the lb.

--Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.

--Lac, viz.

Cake Lac, Shellac, Seed Lac, or Stick Lac, the lb.

See Skins.

See Goats Hair, in Hair. See Bullion.

See Plate.

See Thread.

- Opoponax, the lb.

- Sagapenum, the lb.

- Handrake, pr Juniper, the cwt. r — Sarcocolla, the lb.

£ j. d. £ /. d.

O 0 10 O O 7

O 0 10 O O 8

O 8 10 O 3 10

O 1 5 O 1 3

I 4 6 O 18 10

O 7 0 O 6 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 09O a 9

0 0 3 O 0 3

0 16 6 O H 7

1 13 0 I 11 2

0 1 3 O 1 1

0 0 10 0 0 9

0 1 8 O 1 4

8316 5 80 4 5

0 5 6 0 3 6

002 33 0 0

33 0 0

002 29 8 o

29 8 o

0 0 6 0 0 5

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 x3 2 096

0 5 7 0 2 9

0 3 10 0 X 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 1 2 0 1 1

0 0 7 0 0 6

0 2 6 0 2 1

0 0 7 0 0 5

04 10 0 12 0

0 0 8 0 0 6

Gum,

Gum, continued, viz.

--Senega, the cwt.

- Tacamahaca, the lb.

--Tragacantha, the lb.

--not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

(and not being imported for Dyers' Use, ) for every £.100 of the Value Gunpowder, viz.

- Corn, the cwt.

- Serpentine, the cwt.

Gutta Gamba, as Gamhoge.

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

H.

Haberdashery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £.ioo of the Value -

- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty for every

lb. thereof -

Hair, viz.

--Camel, the lb.

--Cow, or Ox, the cwt.

Elk, the cwt.

--Goat, or Turkey Goats Wool, the lb.

--Hats made of See Hats.

--Horse, the lb.

- Human, the lb.

Hair Powder, plain, the cwt.

- perfumed, the cwt.

Hams. See Bacon.

Hand Baskets. See Baskets.

Handkerchiefs, the Dozen -

- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty for every lb, thereof —

- if of Muslin, and imported by the East India Company of England, a

further Duty for every Square Yard -

- not imported by the East India Company of England, a further Duty

for every Square Yard -

Hand Scoops, for every £.100 of the Value -

Hand Spikes. See Wood.

Hard Wax. See Wax.

Hardware Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Hair Skins. See Skins.

--Wool. See Wool.

Harp String. See Catlings.

Hart's Horn. See Horns.

Hats, viz.

--Bast, Straw, Cane, and Chip Hats or Bonnets, for every £, 100 of the Value

--feade of, or mixed with, Felt, Hair, Wool, or Beaver, the Hat —

--not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

the Hat -

--if of Silk or Leather, subject to further Duties by the lb. according to their respective Rates.

Hatbands, the Gross -

- if of Silk, a further Duty for every lb. thereof

Head Matter. See Spermaceti Oil in Oil.

Hellebore, the lb.

Hemp, viz.

- dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

-in foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

- Cullen or Steel, and all other dressed Hemp, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

- rough or undressed, imported from any Country, and in any Shipping, free

Hemp Seed. See Seed.

Hemp Seed Oil. Sec 03.

£ 4. d. £ x.

O 13 2 O96

O 2 7 O 2 5

O 0 7 O 0 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

3 12 11 3 S "

3 6 0 3 3 4

33 0 0, 29 8 0

5 11 10 5 11 19

0 0 4 0 0 2

096 0 7 8

0 8 10 b 5 6

0 0 2

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 290 2 6

4 1 5 3 17*2

6 3 2 5 18 11

0 <8 8 0 16 11

5 it 1° 5 11 10

0 2 1 0 2 1

0 2 11 0 2 11

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 11 4 1 10 4

0 690 6 2

1 11 11 1 10 s

5 11 10 5 11; p

0 0 3 0 0 2

1 1 8 0 18 6

1 7 2. 1 4 Q

1 8 7 1 5 10

1 18 6 1 15 9

Herrings,

C. 26.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

£. J. d. £. /. d.

018 012

007 005

017 Oil

008 006

0 1 3 012

O 3 10 014

3 19 2 072

012 012

003 003

20 5 4 16 13 4

20 f 4 16 13 4

012 012

003 003

0911 0 7 11

1. 1 5 0 10 5

083 0 6 10

038 004

300 2 15 6

049 0 3 5

0132 080

20 5 4 16 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

240 1 13 0

019 017

008 e* 0 0

0 0 10 009

1 14 10 1 11 2

20 5 4 16 13 4

1 Indigo*

Herrings. See Fish.

Heflins CaVafs. See Canvass in Liner.

Hides, vi2.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed, the Piece -

- tanned, the lb. —

Elk. Sec Skins.

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair, the Piece - tanned, the lb.

- LoHi, the lb.

- of Muscovy or Russia, tanned, the Hide

- 1 — raw, or undressed, of the British Colonies or Plantation in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value

- and also on such of the Hides herein-before enumerated, being tanned or

dressed in Oil, (not particularly provided for and charged as such by the lb.) the following further Duties, viz.

- as tanned, for every 10 lbs.

- as dressed in Oil, for every lb. thereof

- or Pieces of Hides, not particularly enumerated or described, and not tanned or dressed in Oil, for every £. 100 of the Value

tanned or dressed in Oil, of what Kind soever, and all Parts or Pieces thereof not being manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- further, if tanned, for every 10 lbs,

- but if dressed in Oil, for every lb.

Hollands Linen. See Linen.

Hones, the 100 of 5 Score -

Honey, the Barrel of 42 Gallons —

Hoops of Iron, the cwt.

- of Wood, the 1000 -

Hops, the cwt.

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Hops may be warehoused on Importation, fee 40 Geo. 3. c. 43. continued by subsequent Acts.

Horns, viz.

- Buffalo, Cows, Oxen, or Steers, the 100 -

- Harts, or Stags, the 100 -

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for

every £.100 of the Value Horn Tips, for every^.ioo of the Value Horse Hair. See Hair.

--Hides. See Hides.

Horses, Mare or Geldings, each Human Hair. See Hair.

Hungary Water. See Spirits.

Husks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk.

Huffe Skins. See Skins.

Jalap, the lb.

Jamaica Wood. See Brazilletto in Wood.

Japonica Terra. See Terra.

Jessamine Oil. See Oil.

Jesuits Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus*

Jet, the lb.

- Beads. See Beads.

Jewels. See Diamonds.

Inkle unwrought, the lb.

- wrought, the Dozen lbs.

Incense. See Olibauum.

India Rubbers, or Burrachas, for every 100 of the Value

Indian Corn or Maize. See Corn.

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 26.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Indigo, the 100 lbs.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

Ink for Printers, the cwt.

Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix.

Iris or Orris Root, the cwt.

Iron, viz.

--of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, in Bars orj

unwrought, free.

--of the Produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

--of any other Country, in Bars or unwrought, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered, less than j of an Inch|

square, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Ton of 20 cwt.

--in Foreign Shipping, the Ton of 20 cwt.

--cad, for every/1.100 of the Value -

- Cinders, per Ton -

Iron Hoops. See Hoops.

--Liquor, for every/*. 100 of the Value -

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

- old broken, and old cad Iron, the Ton of 20 cwt.

--Ore, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Pig Iron, of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, free.

- not of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, \

the Ton of 20 cwt.

- of the Produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

--Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with|

Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Iron Wire See Wire.

Japanned Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged] with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Isinglass, the lb.

(If for Dyers' Use, free/)

Juice of Lemons or Oranges, the Ton of 252 Gallons —

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

- of Limes, the Gallon -

(If for Dyers* Use, free Juniper Berries. See Berries.

- Gum. See Gum Sandrake.

- Oil. See Oil.

Junk, old. In Pieces not exceeding Five Fathom in Length, the Ton Ivory unwrought, the lb.

- wrought, not particularly -enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with|

Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value —

K.

Kelp, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Kidney Beans, as Garden Seeds in Seeds.

Kid Sxins. See Skins.

Kits of Wood. Sec Pails.

Knees of Oak. See Wood.

Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk.

Labdanum, the lb. —

Lac. See Gum Lac.

Lace, viz.

- Bone Lace of Thread, the Dozen Yards.

- of Silk, the lb. qt. 16 oz.

- Silk, of all other Sorts, the lb. qt, 16 oz.

Lambs Skins. See Skins

- Slink. See Skins.

- Wool. See Wool.

Lamp Black, the c*t.

Duties.

£ s. d. £- s. d.

O H 0

O99 O 6 11

I ii 10 I 10 4

O 12 8 O 12 8

O 18 0 O 18 0

O 19 6 O9 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 1 O 1 0

39 2 O 7 2

0 7 0 O 6 0

0 1 10 O 1 2

0 12 8 O 12 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 7 0 0 6

3 5 8 2 10 2

0 0 ro 0 0 8

1 4 2 0 17 0

0 1 10 0 1 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0910 0 S 4

Drawbacks.

0 1 $ 006

1 7 7 o«3 7

1111 7 10 15 5

717 4 7o 5

01 5 10 0 13 4

Landau.

29

Q. 26.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (A). — Inwards.

Duties.

Landaus as Carnages.

Lapis Calaminaris, the cwt.

- Tutix, the lb.

Lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £.100 of the Value —

Lath Wood. See Wood.

Lalten Black, the cwt.

- shaven, the cwt.

- Wire. See Wire.

Lavender Flowers, the lb.

- Water. See Spirits.

Lawns. Sec Linens.

Lead, viz.

- Black, the cwt.

- Litharge, the cwt.

- Ore, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Pig, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Red, the cwt.

- Sheet, the cwt.

- White or CerufTa, the cwt.

Leaf Metal. See Metal.

Leather Bafils, the Dozen Skins -

- And further for every lb. thereof* —

whether tanned or dressed in Oil, or worked up into any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, not particularly enumerated or described, or, otherwise charged with Duty, for every £, 100 of the Value —

- And further, if tanned, for every lb. thereof —

- if drafted in Oil, for every lb. thereof —

Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves -

- of Roses or Yjolets, the lb. — r —

Lemons, the 1000 -

- Juice. See Juice.

- Pickled, the Ton of 252 Gallons -

Lentiles, the lb.

Leopard Skins. See Skins.

Lena Raisins. See Raising.

Lignum Ouaffia, for every £.100 oi the Value —

- Rhodium, the cwt.

- Vitae. Sec Wood.

Limes, the Barrel -

Lime, Juice of See Juice.

fBarras of the Batavian Republic, or Heflen Canvas, the 100 Ells, qt. fix Score -

And further for every Square Yard thereof —

Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Canvas, the 100 Ells, qt. fix Score -

And further for every Square Yard thereof —

Poledavies, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough Canvas, the Bolt, qt. 28 Ells -

And further for every Square Yard thereof —

Of the Batavian Republic making, the Yard —

And further for every Square Yard thereof -

Of Silesia making, the Yard -

And further for every Square Yard thereof —

Drawbacks.

Is*§

be

hc. 5 .5.2 ,

U ll'

J2

Of the Batavian Republic making, the Yard And further for every Square Yard thereof Of Silesia making, the Yard —

And further for every Square Yard thereof

And for and upon all Damask, Towelling, Nnpkining, and Cloths, made of Flax or Hemp, the following further additional Duty, viz.

Damask.

- if the same be one Yard wide, or under, for every Yard thereof —

£ x« d» £ /.

O 4 5 0 3 0

O 0 4 0 0 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 l7 7 0 11 11

1 2 0 0 16 0

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 12 1 0 11 4

0 3 8 0 3 3

0 1690 13 5

1 " 5 1 0 8

0 7 1 0 6 1

0 2 6 0 1 9

0 8 0 0 6 9

3 5 3 3 4 1

0 0 4 0 0 4

20 5 4 163 4

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 090 0 9

0 1 11 0 1 7

0 0 4 0 0 4

03 7 099

3 4 0 1 7 11

0 0 1 0 0 1

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 16 3 0 S 2

0 1 1 0 0 16

1 3 3 1 0 6

0 090 0 9

1 0 3 0 18 5

0 090 0 9

0 6 4 0 4 6

0 090 0 9

0 290 2 6

0 090 0 9

0 1 7 0 1 3

0 090 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 090 0 9

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 090 0 9

0 090 0 9

Linen,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Linen, continued.

if the same be above one Yard wide, and under two Yards wide, for every Yard thereof -

if the same be two Yards wide, or more, for every Yard thereof

g

c

a

'*£ ( Of the Batavian Republic making, the Yard £) And further for every Square Yard thereof 1 Of Silesia making, the Yard —

H f And further for every Square Yard thereof Napkins of the Batavian Republic making, the Dozen And further for every Square Yard thereof

c bO

bo-| c. 5

g 8*

5 55

Of the Batavian Republic making, the Yard And further for every Square Yard thereof Of Silesia making, the Yard —

And further for every Square Yard thereof

Drillings and Packducks, the 100, qt. 120 Ells -

And further for every Square Yard thereof -

Bag Holland of the Batavian Republic, the Ell -

And further for every Square Yard thereof -

Oil Cloth, the Yard -

And further for every Square Yard thereof —

And all other Manufactures of Flax and Hemp not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value.And further for every Square Yard thereof —

Linleed. See Seed.

- OiL See Oil.

Lion Skins. See Skins.

Li pari Raisins. See Raisins.

Liquorice Juice or Ball. See Succus Liquoritia.

- Powder, the cwt.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

Root, the cwt. See Lead.

See Wood. See Pepper.

Litharge.

Log Wood.

Long Pepper.

Long Steel. See Steel. Losh Hides. See Hides. Lucerne Seed. See Seed. Lupines, the cwt. Lutestrings. See Catlings.

Mace, the lb. —

--Oil of See OiL

Madder, viz.

- Crop Madder, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.) — - Fat, the cwt. —

(If for Dyers' Use, free.) --'Mull, the cwt. —

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

- Roots, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.) Mahogany. See Wood.

Maize. See Corn.

Mangrove Bark. See Bark.

Manna, the lb. —

Maps, each —

Marble. See Stone.

Marbles for Children, as Toys. Mares, as Horses.

Mares Hides See Hides. Marmalade, the lb. —

M.

£ s. d. £ / d.

O I 10 O I 10

O 2 8 O 2 8

O I 1X O I 7

O O9O O 9

O I 1 O O 10

O O9O O 9

O9x 1 O 8 11

O 09O 0 9

O 0 8 O 0 7

O 09O 0 9

O 0 7 O 0 6

O 09O 0 9

I 0 3 O H 3

O 09O 0 9

0 2 8 O 2 2

O 09O 0 9

0 2 8 O 2 5

0 09O 0 9

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 09O 0 9

2 1 3

on o

046

046

072 o 5 10 012 086

009

002

008

1. 17 8 o 8 4:

Q 4 O

o 3 10

046 032 o o 10 059

008 00 1

006

Martin

32

C. 25.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Martin or Martren Skins'] - Tails

See Skins.

Mastick Red, the lb.

- of any other Sort, the lb.

Mr 4s. See Wood.

Mats of Russia, the Dozen -

Matting, viz.

- of Barbary or Portugal\ the Square Yard —

- of the Batavian Republick, the Square Yard —

> not particularly enumerated or described, or other wise charged with Duty,

for every £. 100 of the Value -

Mattrasses, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Maw Seed. Sec Seed.

Mead, the Gallon -

MeaL See Corn.

Medals, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- subject to a further Duty if of Gold or Silver, the oz. Troy

M.diars, the Bushel -

Mi biles, viz.

- of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or the

West Indies, the cwt.

- not of the British Plantations, the cwt.

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

Melting Pots for Goldsmiths. See Pots.

Mercury viz.

- Precipitate, the lb.

- Sublimate, the lb.

Metal, viz.

--Bell Metal, the cwt.

--Leaf McJtal (except of Leaf Gold or Silver), the Packet of 250 Leaves

--prepared for Battery, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Metheglin, the Gallon -

Mill Boards. Sec Paper.

Millet Seed. Sec Seeds.

Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value —

And a further Duty by the lb. or by the Yard, on the Materials of which such Millinery Wares shall be made, according to the respective Rates to which such Materials are subjc&.

Mill Stones. See Stones.

Mineral Water. See Water.

Minerals and Foffils, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £ 100 of the Value —

Mink Skins. See Skins.

Mohair Yam. See Camel Yam in Yam.

Mole Skins. See Skins.

Moose Skins. See Skins.

Morells, the lb.

Moss^Rock Moss, - the Ton of 20 cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

Mother of Pearl Shells, for every £.100 of the Value —

Mules, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Mum. See Beer.

Musical Instruments, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £.iqo of the Value —

Musk, the oz. Troy -

Muslin, viz.

- Plain White, having been imported by the United Company of Merchants

of England trading to the Edjl Indies, the Square Yard -

- not having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, the Square Yard —

- being worked or figured, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Ronials and all other Manufactures of Cotton, or of Cotton and Linen mixed, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not being particularly enumerated

5

£ d. £. d.

O 0 8 O O 6

O I 3 0 J 1

O 0 7 0 0 4

O 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 2 0 0 1

20 5 4 16 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 0 7 0 0 5

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 090 0 9

O 1 8 0 I 6

O 5 4 0 4 1

O 10 5 092

O 2 4 0 2 2

0 1 7 0 1 4

O99 0 6 0

O 0 3 0 0 3

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 0 7 0 0 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

20 5 4

0 1 8

1 13 ii

20 5 4 20 5 4

S3 0 0 o 3 V

-o 2 11 049

1613 4

0 1 5

ox8 1

16 13 4 16 13 4

*9 8 o o i 5

o a 8

o 4 6

Muslin,

Mulling, continued.

or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. xoo of the Value -

And further, for every Square Yard thereof, if the same had been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indiet -

- not having been imported by the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies the Square Yard Mufquafh Skips. See Skins. v

Mu (lard Seed* See Seed.

Muttqn, as Provisions.

Myrrh, the lb.

N.

Napkining. See Linen.

Natural jfalfam. See Balsam.

Neats Tongues. See Tongues.

Necklaces of Glals. See Bracelets.

Needles, as Hardware.

Ned Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets Fishing old, free.

Netvland or Newfoundland Fiffa. See FSOu

Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Nitrum, as Salt Petre.

Nutmegs, the lb.

- Candied, the lb.

- Oil of Sec OiL Nuts, viz.

--Cashew, for every/*. 100 of the Value — ' —

--Chefhuts, the Bushel — % — — «.

- Pidachia Nuts, the lb.

- Small Nuts, the Bushel -

- Walnuts, the Bushel -

Nux Vomica, the lb.

O.

Oak, viz.

--Bark. See Bark.

- Boards. See Boards in Wood.

- Knees. See Knees of Oak in Wood.

- : — Rank. See Wood.

--Timber. See Wood.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oars. See Wood.

Oats. See Corn.

Oatmeal. See Corn.

Qil* viz.

--of Almonds, the lb.

-r — of Amber, the lb.

of Aniseed, the lb.

- : — of Carraway Seed, the lb.

- of Castor, the Gallon -

--of Cinnamon, the oz. Troy -

- of Cloves, the lb. —

--Fxfb Oil. See Train Oil, in OiL

-7 — of Hempfeed, the Tun, of 252 Gallons -

- of Jcflamine, the lb.

- of Juniper, the lb.

--of Linseed, the Tan, of 152 Gallons -

- of Mace, the lb.

--of Marjoram, the lb. —

- of Nutmegs, the lb.

of Oranges, the lb* -

Geo. III. F

£ /. d,

20 5 4

O 2 I 0 2 11

o 1 o

£. x. d.

16 3 4

021

0211

O O II

03°

012

S3

o

o

o

o

o

0 o

1 7 o 6 t 6

0 11

1 6

o 6 o 10

f.t

4 S

2 2

5 6

9 10

017 001 16 10 10 o 10 0 2 2 069 0 2 2

oat

oix

29 8 o o I 3 003 o o IX o o y o x 4

006

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

8

o

5

9

9

5 8 1

6

o

o

14 11 to 036 0 2 0 0 39O I 10

on.

£ £ /. d9

8 6 7 6 1 11

9 4 10 702

Oil 0 098

16 10 10 J3 19 1

O T 3 0 1 1

O I I 0 on

O I 2 010

0 i 6 010

8 0 6 16 0

022 020

0 19 3 0189

020 —

022 018

33 00 29 8 0

0 00 —

0 11 7 —

262 --

24 5 1 16 18 1

0 17 4 —

23 2 o 16 2 0

0 1 7 012

202 1 17 11

Oil, continued.

- ordinary Oil of Olives, as Seville, Minorca, Majorca, ApugSay Provence and

Portugal, and -all other ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Tun, of 252 Gallons —

- in Foreign Shipping, the Tun, of 252 Gallons —

--Palm, the cwt.

- of Rapeseed, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons -

--of Rolemary, the lb.

--Sallad Oil, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Gallon

- in Foreign Shipping, the Gallon —

--of Sadafras, the lb.

--Seal Oil as Train Oil, in Oil.

--Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with

Duty, the Tun, of 252 Gallons -

- Succinum. See Oil of Amber.

--of Thyme, the lb.

- of Turpentine or Spirits, the ioolbs. —

- of Vitriol, for every ioolb3. —

N.B. If for Dyers' or Manufacturers' Use, free.

--of Walnuts, the Gallon -

- Whale. See Train Oil.

--all other Oils, being chemical Oils, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value

- Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

- Blubber of Newfoundland, of Fishing of the United Kingdom, the

Tun, qt. 252 Gallons —

- of any other Sort of Fishing of the United Kingdom,

the Tun, qt.252 Gallons -

- Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter of Fishing of the United Kingdom, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons -

- of Foreign Fishing the Tun, qt. 2f 2 Gallons

- Train Oil or FHh Oil, of Fishing of the United Kingdom, the Tun, qt. 252

Gallons -

- Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun, qt. 252

Gallons -

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Oil or Blubber of Whales and Seal Oil may be imported under the Duties imposed on such Articles of British Fishing or taking, See the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed.

--Cloth. See Linen.

Okcr or Ochre, the Bushel -

Olibanum or Incense, the cwt.

Olive OiL See ordinary Oil of Olives, in Oil.

--Wood. See Wood.

Olives, the Horfhead, of 63 Gallons -

Onion Seed. See Seed.

Onions, the Bushel -

Open Tapes. See Tapes.

Opium, the lb.

Opopanax. See Gum.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon -

Oranges, the 1000 -

Orange Juice. See Juice of Lemons and Oranges.

Ordhal, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

Grchclia or Archeha, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

Ordinary Oil of Olivet. See OiL Ore, viz.

- Copper. See Copper.

- Iron. See Iron. v .Lead. SeeLead.

10

o

3

2

*3

6 11 5. 6

2 IO 5

0.0 4

o. 3 2

o i 8 093

052

006

Ore,

Ore, continued.

- Silver, free.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for

every/*. 1 ex) of the Value — — " '

Organzine Silk. See Silk.

Origanum. See Oil of Thyme, in OiL Orpiment, or Auripigmentum. See Arfcnic.

Orris Root. See Iris or Orris Root.

Orfcdew or Frosting, the lb.

Ostrich Feathers. See Feathers.

Otter Skins. 1 Q c,

Ounce Skin. J See Sk.n,

Outnal Thread. See Thread.

Ox Hair. Sec Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.

- Hides. See Hides.

--Horns. See Horns.

Oxen. See Cattle.

P.

Pack Ducks. See Drillings, in Linen.

Packing Canvass. See Canvass, in Linen.

Pack Thread. See Thread.

Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Pails or Kits of Wood, the Dozen -

Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters* Colours, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every ^.100 of the Value -

Paintings on Glass, for every £.\oooo( the Value -

Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every *.100 of the Value -

Palm Oil. See Oil.

Panther Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.

Paper, viz.

- Blue, the Ream -

And further for every iolbs.

- Brown, the Bundle of two Reams -

And further for every iolbs.

- Gold Paper, the small Gross of Sheets -

- Hangings, for every Square Yard -

- Paste Boards, Mill Boards, and Scale Boards, for every cwt.

- Prefiing Paper, the 100 Leaves -

And further for every iolbs.

- of all other Sorts, whether plain, printed, painted, Gained, or dyed and not

particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every lb.' -

Parchment, the Dozen of 12 Sheets —

Paftc Boards or Mill Boards. Ste Paper.

Paving Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl A/hes, as Allies.

Pearl or Hulled Barley, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. —

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

Pearls. See Diamonds.

Pearl Shells. Sec Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, the-Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel -

Peas, See Com.

(If for sowing, free.)

Pellitory, the lb.

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for every £»ioo of the Value -

Pens, for every £.100 of the Vatue -

Pepper, viz.

- Black or White, of the East Indict > the lb. —

Fa

£.

20 s 4

0 0 8

£. t.

i6 13 4 0 0 6

0 2 2 0 1 6

20 5 4 16 13 i

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 10 0 1 8

0 2 1 0 2 1

0 1 2 0 1 0

0 2 1 0 2 1

0 8 6 0 4 8

0 0 6 0 0 5

1 2 0 07 0

0 5 2 0 4*7

0 2 t 0 2 1

0 0 7 0 0

290 1 7 0

0 8 4 0 7 7

092 0 8 5

0 1 8 0 1 6

0 1 2 0 0 10

0 0 2 0 0 2

20 5 4 163 4

20 5 4 163 4

0 090 0 9

Peper,

£ /. d. £ / di

O 2 1 O 1 10

O 09O 0 8

O 0 6 0 0 5

33 0 0 29 8 6

20 5 4 l63 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 3 O 0 3

0 0 4 O 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 00 $ 04 9

09 6 0* 10

1 0 11 01 3

0 8 0 0 7 3

3 19 2 6 7 2

0 0 7 0 D 6

16 16 2 16 l6 2

0 8 2 0 2 4

16 6 2 16 6 2

0 1 2 0 0 9

16 ± 16 6 2

0 1 1 0 0 9

16 6 2 16 6 2

0 1 0 0 0 9

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 090 0 9

0 090 0 5

S3 0 x>9 8 6

0 2 i b a 9

1 2 03 9

0911 0 6 5

Porcelane.

Pepper, continued.

- Cayenne > the lb.

- Quihea9 the lb. —

- Long, thC lb.

Perfumed Oil, as Chemical Oil.

Perfumery, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged ifritli Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Perry. See Cyder.

Perufiarius Cdrtef. See Cortex*

5ewterr old* for every/*. 100 of the Value -

ickled Cucumbers. Set Cucumbers.

Pickles, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for everj £.100 of the Value -

Picture Frames, for every100 of the Value -

Pictures, for every £.100 of the Value -

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pig Lead. See Lead.

Pill Boxes. See Boxes.

Pimento, viz.

- of the British Plantations, the lb.

- not of the British Plantations, the lb.

Pink Root, for every £*100 of the Value -

Pins. See Haberdashery.

Pipe Boards. See Boards in Wood.

Piftachia Nnts. See Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel qt. 31 i Gallons — not Being the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 3 if Gallons —

- in Foreign Shipping, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31} Gallons -

- of the Growth or Production of the United States of America See

Schedule (B.)

- Burgundy or Rhinehurst, the cwt.

Planks. See Wood.

Plants and Trees, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Plaister of Paris, the cwt.

Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. See Bullion.

- of Gold wrought, for every/*.ioo of the Value

- Further for every oz. Troy thereof -

of Silver gilt, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Further for every oz. Troy thereof -

- Part guilt, for every £>100 of the Value —

- Further for every oz. Troy thereof -

- ungilt, for every ^.100 of the Value —

- And further for every oz. Troy thereof —

Plated Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, For every £. 100 of the Value thereof —

And further for every oz. Troy of Plate thereon —

?latters of Wood, the Dozen -

latting, or other Manufactures of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, for every £.100 of the Value thereof -

Flumbs dried, as Groceries.

olonia Wool, as Spanish, See Wool.

Pomatum, the lb.

ronrtegranates, this 1000 -

- 1 — Peels, the cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

romjce Btcral*. See Stones.

Porcelane. See China Ware.

Pork, as Provisions.

Pot Ashes, as A flies.

Potatoes, as Provisions.

Pots, viz.

- melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the loo -

- of Stone, for every *ioo of the Value —

Poultry, as Provisions.

Powder, viz.

- Gunpowder. See in G*

- Hair Powder. See in H.

--« Sago Powder. See in S.

Precious Stones. See Diamonds.

Precipitate. Sec Mercury.

Prints, viz.

Paper, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- coloured, for every £ 100 of the Value —

Printers Ink. See Ink.

Printing Letters or Types, the cwt.

Provisions, (not being Groceries) not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £.100 of the Value -

Note. The Lord Lieutenant is authorized to permit the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatever, without Payment of Duty. See the Act of 41 Geo. 3. c. 36. continued by subsequent Acts to 25th March 1805.

Prune! Sal. See SaL

Prunelloes, the lb.

Prunes, viz.

-» Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. —

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

Pfyllium, the lb.

Pulse, as Provisions.

Purple Wood. See Wood.

Pyrmont Water. See Mineral Water in W.

Qi

Quaffia Wood. See Lignum Quaffia.

Queensborough Canvas. See Canvas in Linen*

Quercitron or Black Oak Bark. See Bark.

Quern Stones. See Stones.

Quicksilver, or Argentutn Vivum, the lb.

Quinces, the 100 -

R*

RacOons Skin*. See Skins.

Raddle, the Barrel -

Radix, viz.

Enubfe Cimptnse, or Efulx, the cwt.

- Eringii, the lb.

- Ipecacoanha, the lb.

- Serpentariae, or Snake Root, the lb. —

Rags old, of Linen, fit only for making Paper, free.

Raifina, viz.

- Befocdero, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

O

44

d.

013 40 8 o

cwt.

cwt.

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. r

- Deniay imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt*

- Earo, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

- ZsxiOt imported m Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Cwt.

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

Lifari, imported m Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. — in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

33 0 0 29 8 0

33«0 29 8 0

> 14 8 I 10 8

*3 5 79*5 7

008

6

7

o

o

o

o

o

o

I I I 6

O I 10

9 n

o 2

7

X o

14

If

\t

14

17

15 17

16

1?

O O f

o 4 x

04*

o O J

o 1 I

O I g

q r 8

o 911 O O*O 2

O I 1L

4

7

t

4

1

7

4

7

Raifina

Raisins, continued.

- Smyrna, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. —

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

- of the Sun, impq^ted in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. —

- in Foreign Shipping, the cwt.

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. —

- imported in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

Rape, viz.

- Seed. See Seed.

--Oil. See Oil.

- of Grapes, for every JT. r 00 of the Value -

Ratifia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Rattans. See Cane3.

Raw Linen Yarn. See Yarn.

- Silk. See Silk.

R.r/*ors, the Dicker of 10 Razors — < -

Red Lead. See Lead.

- Wood. See Wood.

--Wool. See Wool.

Reed Canes. See Canes.

Regulus, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

Reftna Jalappae, for every £ 100 of the Value -

Rhinehurst. See Burgundy Pitch.

Rhodium Lignum. See Lignum.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Ribband, viz.

- of Silk, the lb. qt. 16 oz.

- of Gold, or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. i6oz.

Rice, the cwt.

- of the Produce of the United States of America.

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rock Moss. See Moss.

Roman urn Vitriolum. See Copperas Blue.

Ropes, viz.

- of Bast. See Bast Ropes.

- new. See Cordage.

- old. See Junk.

See Schedule (B.)

See Copper.

See Leaves of Rofcs. See Oil.

Rose, viz.

--Copper.

- Leaves.

Rosemary, Oil of.

Rosin, viz.

- of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- not of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the

Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

- imported in Foreign Shipping, the cwt. —

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

Round Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Diamonds.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rye, as Corn.

y/*. 100 of e, Tree.)

Sable Skins. See Skins.

Saccharum Satumi, for every;

(If for Dyers* Use, Safflower, the lb.* —

(If for Dyers* Use, free.) Saffron, the lb. —

Sagapenum Gum. See Gum.

the Value

£. s. d. £ ' d.

0 14 1 OI3 3

016 4 0 15 6

016 3 0 13 6

0185 0 15 8

0 14' 8 °'3 4

0 16 11 0 15 7

20 5 4 16 13 4

069 0 6 2

0911 0 6 0

33 0 0 vo 00 0

029 0 2 1

7 3o 706

891 8 1 1

0 10 4 098

o

o

2 5

3 10

4 ©

S3 0 0

003

048

o 2 1

036

038

29 8 e

002

0 3 5

Sago,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards,

Sago, whole or powdered, the !b.

Sail Cloth. See Canvas, in Linen.

Sal, viz.

--Alkali, the lb.

--Ammoniacus, the cwt.

--Cornu Cenri, the lb.

--Glauber, the cwt.

- Prunella, the lb, -

- Succini, |he lb.' -

--Tartari, the lb.

--Volatile Ammoniacus, for every ^.100 of the Value —

Salep or Salop, the lb.

Sallad Oil. See Oil.

Salt, viz.

- White or Bay, the Bushel of 56 lbs.

- not Bay, the Bushelof 56 lbs.

- Rock, the Ton of 40 fiufhels, each Bushd qt. 65 lbs. —

--Pet re, the cwt.

Sand Boxes. See Boxes.

Sandrake Gum. See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, the lb.

Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.

Sarsaparilla, the lb.

Sailafras, the cwt.

- Oil. See Oil.

Saunders or Sanders Wood, viz.

--Red, the cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

--White or Yellow, the lb.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

Scale Boards. See in Paper.

Scammony, the lb.

Scoops of Wood, the Dozen — — v* —

Scordium, the lb.

Sculptured Marble. See Stones.

Sea Cow Teeth, the lb.

Sea Holly Roots, the cwt.

Sea Horse Teeth, the lb.

Sea Morse Teeth, the lb.

Stal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

--Skins. See Skins.

Seed, viz.

--Anniseed, the cwt.

--Canary Seed, the cwt.

--Carraway, the cwt.

- Carthamus, the lb.

--Clover, the cwt.

--Cole, the Quarter of 8 Bushels -

--Coriander, the cwt.

--Cummin, the cwt.

--Fennel, the lb.

--Fenugreek, the cwt.

- Garden Seed, or Forest Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb.

- Hemp, free.

- Linfecd or Flaxfeed, free.

--Lucem Seed, the cwt.

--Maw, the cwt.

--Millet, the cwt; -

--Mallard, the cwt.

--Onion, the cwt.

--Pioni or Peoni, the lb.

- Rape, the Quarter of 8 Bushels -

- Worm, the lb.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ /. d. £ J. d.

O 0 4 O 0 3

O 1 3 O I 2

O 16 10 O 7 6

O 29O 2 6

O 16 6 O910

O 0 3 O 0 3

O 29O 2 7

O 0 4 O 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 4 O 0 2

0 1 5 1

0 2 0 —

3 0 0 —

0 0 3 '

0 1 1 O 0 11

0*V o' 1 1 0

0 4 0 O 3 4

Q 00 04 0 0 9

O 0 8 0 0 1

O 4 5 0 3 8

O 1 8 0 1 6'

O 0 3 0 0 2

0 O TO 0 0 8

0 12 I 0 10 0

O I O 0 0 n

O O II 0 0 10

O 17 II " 0 15 8*

O5 5 O' 12'7

O 7 5 0 6 8

O 0 3 0 0 2

O 6 2 0 3 5

O 13 2 0911

0 7 4 0 6 6

0 13 2 0 11 8

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 8 7 0 7 9

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 6 7 0 3 7

0 16 6 0 12 9

0 3 10 0 2 10

0*4 0 1 10

0 18 7 03 7

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 5 © 0 3 7

0 1 2 0 1 1

Seed,

Seed, continued

--not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, $nd

not being Drugs, for every £ % 100 of the Value

--: Lac. See Gum Lac.

- Oil. See QiL

Senna, the lb.

Seneca Radix or Root. See Radix.

Serpen tana Radi?. See Radix.

Shaven Latten. See Latten.

Shaving for Hats. See Platting.

Sheep, as Provisions.

--Skjns. See Skins.

Sheep's Wool. See Wool.

Sheet Lead. See Lead.

Shellac. See Gum Lac.

Shells, Mother of Pearl, See in M.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except S^ils) for every' £. 100 of the Value — ' -

Shovels of Wood, unfhod, the Dozen -

Shruff or old Brass, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt Shtnpac, or Spm^c, the cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

Sider. - See Cider.

Silk, viz.

--Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb. of 21 oz.

--Organzine, the lb. of 16 oz.

- Raw, of Turkey, the lb. of 24 oz. —

--of any other Country, except his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, the

lb. of 24. oz. —

--of the British Plantations, the lb. of 24 oz,

..Thrown, dyed, the lb. of 16 oz. —

- undyed, the lb, of 16 oz. —

--Waste Silk not particularly enumerated os described, or otherwise charged with

Duty, the lb. of 16 oz.

--Wrought, n&ced with Gold or Silver, or both, not particularly enumerated or described, or Othertwife charged with Duty, the lb. of 16 oz. —

- Manufactures of all other Sorts, whether of Silk only, or mixed with any other

Materials, and not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. of 16 oz.

--Worm Gut, for every 100 of the Value

Silver Coin. See Coin.

--Plate. See Plate.

Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex.

SingingBirds. See Birds.

Sifters Thread. See Thread.

Skeet6 for Whitfters, the Skeet —

Skins, viz.

--Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Bear, undressed, the Skin —

--Beaver, undressed, or Indian half dressed, the Skin, of the British Colonies or

Plantations -

- not of the British Plantations, the Skin

- if dressed in Oil, a further Duty, the lb.

- Buck or De?r. See Deer, in Skins.

Calabar. See Squirrel.

- Calve Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Dozen

Skins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — imported in Foreign Shipping, the Dozen —

- tanned, the lb.

- but if dressed in Oil, a further Duty for every lb.

- Cat, undressed, the 100 Skins -

t — Coney, undressed, the Dozen Skins -

- Cordivants, dressed, of Spain, the Dozen -

"T? — r — -7----- of Turkey, the Dozen -

8

d. £ d.

20 5 4 16 13 4

o 1 3

002

o on

077

o o 4 0 1 1 o o 3

o 1 o 4 0 0 o o916

0 o

1 2

o I I

5 0 0

0 3 4 P 2 7

0 12 10 0 10 2

0 3 192 3

0 0 6 0 0 5

0 3 8 0 2 11

0 2 6 0 1 11

0 2 7 0 1 IX

0 090 0 1

091 0 8 4

0 6 4 0 5 7

0 0 6 0 0 4

7 !397 ii 2

5 lS 4 5 11 2

20 5 4 16 13 4

00?

009

067

2

8

3

4 7 o

O l9 i0.

O II

o 3

030 007 003 o 14 1 005 O 16 IP

p 16 7

Skins,

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

C. 26.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. j Duties. Drawbacks.

Skins, continued. 1 £. s. d\

- Deer, undressed, the Skin — — -004 002

dressed, the Skin - Oil 0 0 II

Indian, half dressed or shaved, the Skin — — — Dog in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, ' the Dozen Skins .004 »! 002

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — -008 0 0 6

- imported in Foregn Shipping, the Dozen Skins -'OIO 0 0 10

Dog Fish, undressed, the Dozen Skins — — Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Skin, im - 0 39029

ported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ' — 0 0 8 001

j in Foreign Shipping, the Skin — - OIO 005

Ermine or Armin, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins — - 0 16 I 0 14 7

Fisher, undressed, the Skin - 0 2 0 0 1 10

- Fitches, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins — — .068 050

- Fox, undressed, the Skin — — — OO9 006

Tails, for every £. 100 of the Value — — 33 0 0 29^0

- Goat, viz.

raw or undressed, if imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the,

Dozen , - 0 1 10 002

- imported in Foreign Shipping, the Dozen — — 090 074

tanned, the Dozen — —; — 289 2 4 5

- but if dressed in Oil, a further Duty the lb. — 004 004

Hare, yndressed, the 120 Skins — — — 046 01 6

Huffe, undressed, the Skin — — — 003 003

Kid in the Hair, the 100 Skins. - Oil

dressed, the ico Skins — — 117 6 1 13 8

Lamb, undressed, in the Wool, the 120 Skins — dressed in Alum, Salt, or Meal, the 100 Skins — — 0 7 JO 126 O4O 0 19 6

- [dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins — — 2 12 10 2 0 10

i*and further for every lb. — Slink, pndrefjTed, in the Wool, the 120 — — 007 027 007 0 in

Leopard, undressed, the Skin - 0 10 2 091

Lion, undressed, the Skin — - — 04 2 039

Martoo, or Martron, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins — Tails, undressed, the 120 — — — 3 16 10 0 13 6 3 12 6 0 13 2

Minever, the Mantle - 047 O4O

Mink, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins — tawed, the Timber of 40 Skins — — 1 14 4 1 1991 2 IO I99

- Mole, undressed, the Dozen — — — 004 0 0 3

- 1 — Moose, undressed, the Skin — — — 041 0 3 7

Mufqualh, undressed, the 100 Skins — — 0 1.0 4 0183

Otter, undressed, the Skin - 025 O III

Ounce, undressed, the Skin — — — 054 048

Panther, undressed, the Skin — — % — 084 0 7 3

Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen — — — 022 O I 10

*t dressed, the Dozen — — — 0 3 10 0 3 7

all other Sorts, undressed, the 100 — — 012 4 0 IO II

- Racoon, undressed, the 100 Skins — — — 1 io 2 p 19 4

- Sable, undressed, the Skin - 0* 4 5 0 3 10

Taih or Tips of Sable, undressed, the Piece - Seal in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or any way dressed, imported in Shipping 009 0 0 7

of the United Kingdom, the Skin — — - 002

- imported in Foreign Shipping, the Shin — For the Conditions and Regulations under which Seal Skins may be ported under the Duties imposed on such Skins of Erifjb li.hing imv or 0 0 10 008

taking, fee the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

- Sheep, undressed, in the Wool, the Dvizcn Skins — — 0 1 10 0 1 5

dressed in Oil, tanned, or tawed, the Dozen Skins — - 065 063

- and further as dressed in Od, for every ic'b. — — 000 006

- Squirrel or Calabar, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins* — - — tawed, the Timber of 40 Skins — - 034 045 027 0 3 1

- 4- — Tails, for every £. ico of the Value — — 33 0 0 29 8 0

Swan, undressed, the Skin — — — 0 1 6 0'3

Tyger, undressed, the Skin — — 44 Geo. I IT. G 050 0 3 .9 Skins,

41

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duties.

[* And 6\d.marc 44 G. 3. c. 67. Sched. (A.)J

Spirits,

Arquebusade, the Gallon -

- Arrack, the Gallon -

- Brandy, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Gallon

- in Foreign Shipping, the Gallon —

- Citron Wnter, the Gallon -

- Cordial Water, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon -

- Geneva, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Gallon

- in Foreign Slipping, the Gallon —

- Hungary Water, the Gallon -

- Lavender Water, the Gallon -

- Rum, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of his Majesty's Colonies or

Plantations, the Gallon -

Note. For the Conditions and Regulations under which Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Plantations, may be warehoused without Payment of Duty, fee 41 Geo 3. c. 94.

- Rum not of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Gallon -

-not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon -

33

o

o

20

Skins, continued.

- Weafle, undressed, the 120 Skins -

- Wolf, undressed, the Skin -

tawed, the Skin.

Wolverings, undressed, the Skin — — — J

And also such of the Skins herein-before enumerated, except those pnrticu-| larly provided for, as tanned or dressed in Oil, shall be subject to the fol-j lowing further Duties, viz.

- if tanned, for every jolbs.

.. if dressed in Oil, for every lb.

And Pieces of Skins, undressed, not particularly enumerated or de-j feribed, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, for every £. IOO of the Value - 33

- and Pieces of Skin, whether tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, not parti-1, culariy enumerated or defenbed, or otherwise charged with Duty as such, I for every £. 100 of the Value — > -

And further, if tanned, for every iolb.

if dressed in Oil, the lb.

Slate Pencils, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Slates in Frames. See Stones.

Slick Stones. See Stones.

Smalts, free.

Smyrna Raifms. See Raisins.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentariae.

Snuff*, the lb.

--of the Produce and Manufacture of the United States of America. See

Schedule (B.)

Snuff Boxes. See Boxes.

Soap, viz.

- Ashes. See Ashes.

Hard, the cwt.

- Soft, or Black Soap, for every £. 100 of the Value —

(If for Dyers' or Manufacturers' Use, free.)

Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Spa Ware, for every £. ico of the Value -

--Water, as Mineral Water in Water.

Spanish Wool. See Wool.

Spars. See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt.

Spermaceti, viz.

- Candles. See Candles.

- Fine, the lb.

- Oil. See Oil.

o 4

o X

O 12

° 5

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

d.

2

10

4

o 1

o o

o

2

3

A

o 1 11

5

3'9

33 0 0

o 10

o 9

Drawbacks.

£. s. d,

o 1 6

072

Oil o

048

o I z

003

29 8 o

29 8 o 012 o o '3 1613

o i ia

t 2 9

07*

29 8 o

16 6 0 12 9

I 6 0 1 5

9 4 091

9 4 1 Q91

9 1 0 8 ia

10 1 09ia

9 4 091

9 4 091

9 0 0 8 10

10 0 0910

9'4 091

9 4 091

7 3 0 7 1

o910

° 0

Spirits

Spirits, continued.

And for every Gallon of Spirits, called Brandy, Geneva, and Rum, above the Quality of Single Spirits, an additional Duty for such Spirits to be paid in Proportion to the Duties payable for Single Spirits of the like Denomination, according to the comparative Degree of Strength which it shall bear to Singly Spirits of the like Denomination.

- of Hartfhom, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Spiritus Vitrioli. See Oil of Vitriol.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, the lb.

Spouts of Wood, for every £* 100 of the Value —

Spruce, viz.

- Beer. See Beer.

- Essence of See Essence.

- Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Squills, the cwt.

Squirrel Skins. See Skins.

Stags Horns. See Horns.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.

Note. For the Conditions and Regulations under which Starch may be imported, free of Duty, fee 40 Geo. 3. c. 43.

Stavefacrc, the cwt.

Staves. Sec Wood.

Steel, viz.

- Gad Steel, the cwt.

- Long Steel, the cwt.

- Wire. See Wire.

- Wisp, the cwt. — mm mm*

Stibium. See Antimonium preparatum.

Stick Lac. See Gum Lac.

Stock Fish. See Fish.

Stockings, viz.

Cotton, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Thread or Worsted, for every £ 100 of the Value —

Stocks for Anchors. See Anchor Stocks in Wood.

Stone Bottles. See Bottles.

Stones, viz.

- Blood Stones, the lb.

- Burrs for Mill Stones, the IOO —

- Dog Stones, not exceeding four Feet in Diameter, above fix and under twelve

Inches in Thickness, the Last of three Pair —

*--- Emery Stones, the cwt.

- Filtering Stones, for every £. 1OO of the Value —

- Flag Stones, the 100 Square Feet -

- Flint for Potters, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Grinding Stones, the Chalder, qt. 30 cwt.

- Marble Blocks, for every £. IOO of the Value —

- Mill Stoics, above Feet in Diameter, or if 12 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Piece -

- Pomice Stones, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Quern, under three Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding six Inches in Thickness, the Last of three Pair -

- Three Feet in Diameter, and not above four Feet in Diameter, and

not exceeding six Inches in Thickness, the Last of three Pair

- Sculptured Marble, or Stone or Statuary, for every £. 100 of the Value

- Slates in Frames not exceeding twelve Inches.in Length, the Dozen

- exceeding twelve Inches in Length, the Dozen

- Slick, the 100 Stones -

--Whet, the 100 Stones -

Storax or Styrax, viz.

- Calamita, the lb.

- Liquids, the lb.

Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

dating. Sec Plating.

33 o o

o

20

1 3 5 4

29 8 9

O oil 16 13 4

0 3 4 0 3 4

0 12 10 0 11 7

0 16 8 0 12 0

0 11 0 090

0 6 8 0 4 10

0 6 11 0 4 11

44 0 0 40 8 0

44 0 0 40 8 0

0 2 2 0 1 8

191 097

0 18 2 0 11 10

0 1 1 0 1 0

20 5 4 163 4

0 16 6 0 8 9

0 1 1 0 1 1

0 4 2 0 3 5

20* 5 4 163 4

O9 6 0 7 5

2 0 5 0 11 3

0 7 8<0 5 3

1911 1 5 1

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 1 0 0 IO

0 2 2 0 1 11

05 6 05 1

0 3 0 0 2 8

0 1 2 0 1 1

0 090 0 7

Stuffs,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inward*.

See additional Jonties 44 G. 3. c. 67. Sched.(A.) §7-J

Stuffs, continued.

Stuffs of all Sorts made or mixed with Wool, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the Yard And besides, if mixed with Silk, for every lb. qt. 16 oz.

Succades or Succards, the lb.

Siccini Sal. See Sal.

Succinum, as Amber. See Amber.

Succus Liquoritiae or Liquorice Juice or Ball, the cwt.

Sugar, viz.

- refined, the cwt.

- White, of the British Plantations, the cwt.

- not of the British Plantations, the cwt.

- Muscovado and Brown, of the British Plantations, the cwt

For the Drawback on the due Exportation of British Plantation Sugar in the same State as imported, and the Bounties on refined Sugar made thereof, fee 41 Geo. 3. c. 74. 42 Geo. 3. c. 60, and the 43 Geo. 3. c. % 17 not of the British Plantations, the cwt.

higher Duties oil Tea, under 44 G. 3. c. 67. §3. in lieu of theft Duties.']

- of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the East Indies, -having been

imported into England by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for etery £. 100 of the Value thereof, British Currency, according to the gross Price at which such Sugar shall have been publickly sold at the East India Company's Sale in London And further, for every cwt. of such £ugar —

- "Candy, Brown, the cwU -

- White, the cwt.

- Moulds, the ioo -

Sulphur Vivum, the cwt.

Swan Skins. See Skins.

Sweep WafiiersDirt, containing Bullion. See Bullion.

Sweet Wood. See Wood.

Sword Blades, viz.

- fine, the Dozen -

- coarse, the Dozen -

T.

Tacamahaka Gum. Sec Gum.

Talc, viz.

- Green, the lb.

- White, the lb.

Tallow, the cwt.

- Candle?. See Candles

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tanners Walle, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Tapes, as Haberdashery Wares.

Tapcftry, not of Silk, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Tapioca, the lb.

Tar, viz.

- of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Last qt. 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 3if Gallons —

- not being the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Lad qt. 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31! Gallons -

- imported in Foreign Shipping, the Last qt. 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 3i\ Gallons -

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

- j Barba Joes, the lb.

Tares, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Tarras, the Bushel -

Tartar Cream of See Cream of Tartar.

Tartari Sal. See Sal.

Tea/* viz.

- imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Sales of the

East India Company in London, at a Friee not exceeding 2s. 6d. British, the lb. for every £. 100 of the Value thereof, according to such Price — 25 17

7

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ ' d- £. s. J.

07 7 0 5 10

5 j i 8 511 8

012 010

3 5 1 19 11

5 19 1 59 1

1 7 9

2165 2165

I 3 30

I 17 7 1 17 7

45 1*45*2

0 5 2 052

3 l9*3 19 2

5 19 2 5 19 2

0 13 2 0 11 4

0911 090

0126 095

084 063

i

009 007

006 004

0 1 10 0 1 10

004 003

20 5 4 1613 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0.0 4 003

0 13 2 0 10 3

0 14 7 0 11 8

0 15 5 0 12 6

003 003

*3 5 7913 7

006 004

22 7 o Tea,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Tea, continued.

- imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Salts of the

East India Company in London, at a Price exceeding 2l. 6d. British, the lb. for every £. 100 of the Value thereof, according to such Price Tea it Is, the 1000 -

Telescopes, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Terra, viz.

- Japonica, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- Umbra, the cwt.

- Verda, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Thermometers, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Thouloufe Woad. See YVuad.

Thread, viz.

- Bruges or Bridges, the Dozen lbs.

- Cotton, for cv.ry £ 100 of the Value t- —

- Gold and Silver Thread, the lb.

- Outnal, the Dczm lbs.

- Pack Thread*, the 100 lbs.

- Sillers Thread, the lb.

Whited Brow 11 Thread, the Dozen lbs —

- not part'cularly enumt rat d 01 described, or otherwise charged wkh Duty,

for every £. 100 01 the Value -

Thrown SdH. See Silk. t

Thyme Oib See Oil.

Ticken. a9 Manufactures oFT!ax in idnen.

TicKs, as Manufactures of FUx in Linen.

Tiffanies uf Silk. See Silk. Manufacture, in Silk.

Tiles, viz.

- Fhnder3 Tiles, the 1000 -

- Galley or Galley Tiles, the Foot Square —

- Pan, the 1000 -

- Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 Inches square, the 1000 —

- exceeding 10 Inches iqu^re, the 1000 —

- Plain Titles, or any other Tiles not particularly enumerated, or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. ico of the Value Timber. See Wood.

Tin, unwrought, the Cwt.

Tincal, as Borax, unrefined.

Tin Foil, for eva y £ too of the Value -

Tobacco, viz.

- unmanufactured, of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies,

Plantations, I Hands, or Territories in America, the lb.

- if imported by Strangers, or by any Law now in force be subject to Aliens

Duty, then a further Duty for every lb. —

of the Produce of the United Statesof America, Sec Schedule (Eh)

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of the said Duties, fc* Acts relating thereto.

(Subject all© to a Duty of Excise.)

- Pipes, the Gross -

Tongues, as Provisions.

Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)

Tooth Powder, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Toilifal or Turnsole, the cwt.

(If for Dyers1 Use, free.)

Tortoiseshell, the lb.

Toys, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £, 100 of the Value' -

Tragacantb, Gum. See Gum.

Train Oil. See Oil.

Trays of Wood, the Shock of 60 -

Trees and Plants, free Treenails. See Treenels, in Wood.

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross of 12 Dozen — *-

Duties. Drawbacks.

£. s. d. £*4,

42 7 0 38 17 0

003 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 o.

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 7 11 062

20 5 4 16 13 4-

20 5 4 16 13 4

1 1 10 O 14 O

44 0 0 40 8 0

650 632

0 19 4 ° «5 4

017 8 0 15 4

068 0.49

083 0 7 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 6 5 0 11 1

004 003

1 5 4 126

127 1 0 0

1 1591 - 0 9

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 17 7 0 13 7

33 0 0 29 8 0

008 008

001 001

016 Oil

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 10 8 0 10 8

0 1 5 010

0 0 3 29 8 0

045 040

Oil 008

Truffles,

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ x. d. £ s* d.

022 0 I I

011 009

004 004

33 0 0 0 00 os

0 3 3 032

007 007

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Truffles, the lb.

Tubs of Wood not bound with Iron, the Dozen Turmeric, the lb.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

Turnery, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value Turpentine, viz.

- common, the cwt. —

- : — : ----- of Venice, Scio> or Cyprus, the lb,

- of Germany, or any other Place, not common Turpentine, and not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. —

- of the Produce of the United States of Americas Sec Schedule (B.)

- Oil. See Oil.

Tutise Lapis. See Lapis.

Twine, the cwt.

Tvvift, viz.

- of Cotton of all Kinds, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- of Gold or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. 16 oz. —

--for Band Strings. See Band String Twist.

Tyger Skins. See Skins.

V.

Valonia, the cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

Varnish, the cwt.

Vases, viz.

.. of Stone or Marble sculptured. See sculptured Marble, in Stones.

--of any other Sort, for every £ 100 of the Value —

Veal, as Provisions.

Vellum, the Skin -

Verdegris, viz.

- common, the lb.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

- chryftallized, the lb.

Verjuice. See Vinegar.

Vermicelli, the lb.

Vermillion or C innabar, the lb.

Ulers. See Wood.

Vinegar or Verjuice, the Tun, qt, 25a Gallons -

Vinelioes, the lb.

Violet Leaves. See Leaves.

Virginal Wire. See Wire.

Vitriol Oil. See Oil.

Vitriolum Romanum. See Copperas Blue.

Umber. See Terra Umber, in T.

Vomica Nux. See Nux. Vomica.

Vulture Feathers. See Feathers.

W.

Wainscot'Boards. See Boards in Wood.

- Lo^rr See Wood.

Walking Canes. See Canes.

Walnut Oil. Sec Oil.

Walnuts. See Nuts.

Waffling Balls. Soe Balls.

Wade Silk. See Silk.

Watch Glades, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every £. 100 of the Value

- and further, for every Ounce Troy of Gold or Silver thereon Water, Arquebusade, -

- Citron,

- Cordial,

- Hungary,

- Lavender,

o 16 6

o 14 4

44

7

o 13 9

O II I

40 8 o 54 9

0 I 0 0 0 1

0 12 5 0 11

33 0 0 29 8 a

0 I 10 0 1 9

00 10 0 0 9

0 I 7 0 1 6

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 I 6 0 1

to 3 8 r5 7

0 6 7 0 5 9

See Spirits.

83 16 5

33 o o

009

0 4 5

980

009

Water,

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ /* d* £ A

029 027

6 If 1 ro 10

*43 1 17 0

0 09006

0 0 6 004

0 2 0 012

132 O O 130 5 0

I 13 O 1 11 3

la

+ O O 003

20 5 4 1613 4

75 0 11 70 16 11

779" 73 5

70 3 7 6y 19 7

72 8 6 68 4 6

49 3 5 46 0 5

50 16 5 ! 47 13 5

46 0 8 42 17 8

4797 44 6 7

48 0 4 45 »8 4

49 l3 8 47 11 8

44 17 7 4* 15 7

46 6 6 44 4 6

37 10 8 32 16 2

5 4 34 10 10

34 i7 6 30 3 0

36 893i 14 3

35 4 6 33*6

37*7 35 0 7

Wine

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inward*.

Water, continued.

- Mineral or natural Water, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, each Bottle or Flask

not exceeding three Pints

Note. The Bottles or Flasks containing such Mineral Waters are to pay Duty respectively.

- Strong Water, Sec Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Wax, viz.

- Bees, unmanufactured, the cwt.

- White or manufactured, not otherwise described, the cwt.

- H, id, the lb.

- Myrtle or Bay, the lb.

- Scaling Wax. See Hard Wax.

- Candles. See Candles.

Weasel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Ashes, as Ashes.

Weld, th.e cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

Whale Fins or Whale Booe^viz.

-#of Foreign Fishing, the Ton, of 20 cwt

- , of Fishing of the United Kingdom, and imported in

Shipping thereof, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Note. For the Importation of Whale Fins, British caught and cured fee the Ad to which this Schedule is annexed.

- Oil. See OiL

Wheat. Sec Com.

- Flour. See Com.

Whet Stones. See Stones.

Whip Cord, the lb.

Whiik Brooms. See Brooms.

White Boards for Shoemakers.

White Deed* See Lead.

Wicker Ware, for every £, 100 of the Value -

Wine#, viz.

- French, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the Tun, qt

252 Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, filled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons — — in ShippiM|of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons

See Boards, in Wood.

I. See Rhenish Wines.

- Madeira, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the Tun, qt.

252 Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, filled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons —

- in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons

Portugal, Sfanlfb, and Canary Wines, and all Wines of the Dominion9-of

Spain, and the Wines of Sicily and Naples,

--imported in Slnppi g of the United Kingdom* filled,

the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, filled, the Tun, qt. 2£2 Gallons —

- in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the Tun,

qt. 252 Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons

Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary Wines, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons —

- in Foreign Shipping, filled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons —

- in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the Tton,

qt. 252 Gallons -

- : n Foreign Shipping, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons

!l0t Otherwift enumerated or described, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, filled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons —

additional Duties, 44 G. 3. c. 67. Sched.{ A.) $ 6. and that ait Wines shall be entered as filed, 44<?. 3. c. 103. $7-J

Wine not otherwise enumerated, &c. continued.

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252

Gallons -

- in Foreign Shipping, unfilled, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons

Wire, viz.

--Brass, or Copper, the cwt.

--Gilt or plated, for every £. 100 of the Value > -

- and for every oz. Troy of Gold or Silver thereon —

--Iron, the cwt.

--Latten, the cwt.

--Silver or Gold, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- and further for every oz. Troy of such Silver or Gold

--Steel, the lb.

- Virginal, Brass, or Copper, the lb.

- Iron, the lb.

--of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £*100 of the Value —

Wisp Steel. See Steel.

Woad, green Woad, the cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

--Thouloufe Wcad, the cwt.

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

Wolf Skins, ? c oi, -tir i > See Skins.

Wolvenngs, )

Wood, viz.

--Anchor Stocks imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, each

in Foreign. Shipping, each

of the Produce of the Brit'yb Plantations, each

--Ashes. See Ashes.

- Balk, being 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in Length, or upwards* the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length, the 120

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies and Plantations in America^ for every 120 —

- being 8 Inches Square and upwards, are to be considered as Timber, and

pay Duty as such.

--Barrel Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Barrel Stave3. See Staves, in Wood.

- 7 — Batfens, being 8 Feet in Length and under 12 Feet and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, nor Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping the 120 -

- 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- being 3 J Inches in Thickness, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- Inches in Thickness, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

-41 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

--imporfed in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- ? — being 12 Feet in Length and under 14 Feet in Length, not exceeding 7 inches in Breadth, nor in Thickness 2\ Inches, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

in Fortign Shipping the 120 -

- being 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

£- /. d. £ d.

32 10 1 30 8 1

34 4 10 32 2 10

2 1 ti 1 11 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 090 0 9

4 8 7 3 J9 6

19 11 1 11 3

20 5 4 163 4

0 090 0 9

0 1 1 0 1 0

0 1 5 0 1 4

0 1 6 0 1 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 7 0 1 9

0 4 5 0 3 5

0 1 7 0 0 11

0 1 8 0 1 0

0 0 7

2 11 11 1 0 11

2 16 7 1 5 7

0 J9 0 0 10 3

1 1 4 0 12 7

0 11 0

0 8 10 0 6 ro

0 11 2 0 8 8

096 0 7 4

0 11 10 097

0 1 0 7 0

0 12 7 0 10 2

0 ro 10 0 8 6

03 2 0 10 8

0 11 6 091

0 T3 11 0 IX 5

0 10 3 0 7 11

0 12 6 0 10 2

0 11 4 0 8 7 Wood,

Wood, continued.

- Battens, continued.

imported in Foreign Shipping, the 110 —

- 3$ Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 4} Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- being 14 Feet and under 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

7 Inches in Breadth, nor exceeding in Thicknefe 21 Inches, the 120, - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 3 Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- 3I Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- 4 Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- 4I Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- being 16 Feet and under 18 Feet in Length, not exceeding 7

in Breadth, nor exceeding in Thicknefe 2f Inches, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- 3 Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 3! Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

—; --in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- 4 Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

nefe, the 120,

Inches

- 4} Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- being 18 Feet in Length and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and

not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, nor in Thicknefe i\ Inches, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — - in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 3 Inches in Thicknefe, the (20,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 3! Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 4 Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 4I Inches in Thicknefe, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

nor in Thicknefe i\ Inches, the 120,

Geo. III.

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

H

£ d. /. d\

O x3 2 O 10 8

O 12 X 095

O H 0 O XX 9

O 12 10 O9IX

O I4 10 O X2 6

O 7 O IO 8

O x5 8 O x3 4

O XI9O9a

0 x4 8 O IX T

O 12 8 O99

O x5 7 O 12 4

O3 5 O 10 4

O 16 6 O x3 4

O H 4 O ft 3

O x7 7 O x4 5

0 3 O 12 a

0 x9 1 O x5 5

0 12 6 0 xo r

0 lS 5 0 12 10

03 5 0 xo IX

0 16 6 0 x4 a

0 x4 4 0 IX 9

0 x7 IX 0 x5 1

05 3 0 12 7

0 x9 5 0 x6 2

0 16 2 0 x3 4

I 0 2 0 x7 2

0 x4 2 0 11 3

0 16 4 0 x4 4

0 x5 0 0 12 1

0 x7 7 0 x5 5

0 16 0 0 x3 a

0 18 8 0 16 7

0 16 XO 0 x4 5

I 0 0 0 x7 10

0 x8 0 0 x4 XI

I 1 1 0 x9 4

07 0 0 14 1

Wood,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks.

Wood, continued. — Battens, continued. £. s £ '

imported in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120, 1 i 5 0 17 II

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — — in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 3} Inches in Thickness, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — 0 18 3 129 O 15 I O 19 5

0 19 4 0 16 3

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — — 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — 140 ing

1 1 5 0 io

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 - 4} Inches in Thickness, the 120, 1 5 IO 1 2 4

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — 122 0 18 8

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 - of the Growth and Production of the Brht/b Colonies and Plantations 180 1 4 4

in America, the 120 - exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth to be deemed as Deals, and to pay Duty as such, according to their respective Dimensions. — Batten Ends being under 5 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, nor in Thickness 2} Inches, the*120, 056 006.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 1 10 018

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120, 024 022

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — 020 0 1 10

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 3^ Inches in Thickness, the 120, 027 0 2

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 022 0 1 11

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 029 026

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 025 022

in Foreign Shippingrthe 120 — — 4} Inches in Thickness, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 6 211 028

027 023

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — Breadth, nor in Thickness 21 Inches, the 120, — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 3 1 0 2 10

026 023

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120, e 3 1 0 2 10

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 029 025

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 0 3 5 031

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 031 027

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — — 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120, 038 0 3 4

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 3 5 0 2 10

' in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 4} Inches in Thickness, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 94.o 036

038 030

of all Sorts, of the Growth and rroduction of the British Go- Ionics and Plantations in America, the 120. — — to par Duty according to their respective Dimensions. — Beech Boards. Sec Boards in Wood. Plank, being 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Load qt. 50 Cubie Feet, 045 Q 4 O

056 K3 O O

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 078 048

in Foreign Shipping — — »., of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plants- 090 056

tion6 in America, the 120 - Quarters, being 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120, «3 4 O O 4

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom* — *7 4 0 18 8 Wood,

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 26.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks*

Wood, continued. — Beech Quarters, continued, £ ' d.

imported in Foreign Shipping — — being under 5 Inches Square, the 120, — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — in Foreign Shipping, the 120 - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Pro- du6lion of the British Colonies and Plantations in America^ 1 15 2 1 3 7

05 3 0 17 7 O9II O 12 3

the 120 - Boards, Barrel, the 120, 0 11 0 OIO

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 15 5 O 14 7

- in Foreign Shipping - Beech, under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0166 0 13 8 O 15 O 093

in I oreign Shipping, the 120 — under 2 Indies in Thickness, and being 15 Feet in Length andupwards, the 120, 018 2 O II II

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 1 0 17 1 0 II 7

- »in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — — Clap Boards or Clap Holt, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — j 1 0 11 I O 13 2

1 0 17 1 093

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 - — J 0 J790911

and Plantations in America, the 120 — — — Linn Boards or White Boards for Shoemakers, Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thickness, the 120, 0 00 00 009

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 1 1 18 6 1 3 6

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — - in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — Oak under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — - 240 190

3 17 0 480 270 3 18 0

1 5 8 0 18 4

in Foreign Shipping the 120 — — under 2 Inches in Thickness, and 15 Feet in Length or upwards, the 120, 1 10 8 1 3 4

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 1 r3 9*3

in Foreign Shipping the 120 — — — Paling hewed on the $ne Side, not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 1 19 7 0 2 11 191 0 1 5

- exceeding 7 Feet in Length, the 120, 0 3 4 0 1 10

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 058 0.20

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — Length, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120, —; — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — 063 027

0 16 10 047

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — — exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120, j 0 17 8 0 5 5

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 1 0 18 2 0 7 10

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — of all Sort's, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British 0 19 3 0811

Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 — — Wainscot, the Foot, containing 12 Feet in Length, and one Inch in Thickness, and to in Proportion for any greater or lets Length or Thickness, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 6 7 007 0 0 0 0 VM4

otherwise charged with Duty, being of the Growth and K 2^008 4 0 0 4 Wood,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Wood, continued.

- Wainscot, continued.

Production of the Bri&fh Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 -

- Wfeite. See Linn Boards.

- Boom Spars. See Spars.

- Bowsprits. See Malt > in Wood.

--Boxwood, the Ton, qt. cwt.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. —

- of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, in America or

Africa, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. —

- Brazil or Ferttambucco Wood, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

--» jBrazilctto or Jamaica, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

(ft for Dyers'Use, free.)

- Cam, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. —

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

- Cant Spars. Sec Spare in Wood.

- Clap Holt. Sec Clap Boards.

- Deals, being 8 Feet in Length and under 12 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 2$ Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

--3§ Inches in Thickness, the 120,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- Inches in Thickness, the 120

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4} Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- being 12 Feet in Length, and under 14 Feet in Length, and not exceeding in Thickness 2± Inches, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

3} Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- being 14 Feet in Length, and under 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

in Thickness i\ Inches, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

' ----- in Foseign Shipping, the 120

- 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping* the 12a

- 31 Inehes in Thickness, the 120,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - in For. gn Shipping, the 120

Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

Duties. Drawbacks.

& ' d. £. d.

0 3 4 rd O O

288 19r

2 11 5 1 12 2

1 1 2 0 r 9

3 3 3 059

0 xi 3 0 10 3

1 5 8 024

0 14 6 03 3

0 19 3 0171

0 159° 14 4

106 0 15 ia

0 17 1 0 15 7

1 1 10 0 17 10

0 18 4 0 16 8

1 3 3 1 1 2

0 19 7 0 17 8

1 5 8 1. 2 8-

0 16 10 ° 15 7

1 1 2 0 19 9

0 18 1 0 16 10

1 2 11 106

0 19 3. 0 18 1

i47 1 3 1

1 5 5 0 19 3

163*5 9

1 1 8 1 © 8

1 8 1 13 9

09 7 0 17 6

1 s 6 1 2 10

111 0 19 1

r 7 4 148

1211 106

187 1 6 7

1 49ISO

Wood,

Wood, continued.

- Deals, &c. continued.

imported In Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

--4I Inches in Thickness, the iao,

- imported in Shipping of tjje United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- being 16 Feet in Length, and under 18 Feet in Length, and not exceeding in Thickness i\ Inches, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- 3} Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

*----- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- r- 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

-imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120, —

- 4i Inches in Thickness, the 120,

' — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

- being 18 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding in Thickness, t\ Inches, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 3 Inches in Thickness, the no,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 3! Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

' in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imparted in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4! Inches in Thickness, the 12a,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 25 Feet in Length, and

not exceeding in Thickness i\ Inches, the 120, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

--3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

in Foreign Shipping, the 120

--3I Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported m Shipping of the United Kingdom.

- in Foreign Shipping the 120 -

- 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4I Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

f exceeding 25 Feet in Length, and under 30 Feet in Length, and not exceeding in Thickness i\ Inches, the 120,

imported hi Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- iir ported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 3I Inches in Thxknrfs, the 120

imported n Shipping of the United Kingdom v. mm <, i in Foreign Shipping, the 120

£ / d. £- s. d>

I IO 5 I 6 9

I 6 5 3 6

I3 2 10 4

2 7 O9 11

8 1 3 1

5 10 1 9

10 10 7 9

8 1 3 4

*3 7 910

10 3 5 0

16 4 12 1

12 5 6 7

19 1 14 3

49 2 X

9 8 8 2

6 11 3 11

11 11 10 6

9 2 5 IX

*4 8 12 2

LI 4 8 7

16 10 2

if 7 97

1 3 18 S

9 8 7 7

*7 J l5 5

11 11 99

0 8 18 3

*4 r 12 1

3 5 > 2 1 1

16 44 6

5 1 4 0

18 6 16 9

8 11 7 10

16 43 2

5 8 a 6

>9 1 15 10

2 10 1 6 1

1 10 r8 11

23 11 &o<&.

Wood, continued,

--Deals, &c. continued.

- 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

4§ Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

--being 30 Feet and upwards in Length, and not exceeding in Thickness

21 Inches, the 120,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

--3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

--3§ Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- Inches in Thickness, the 126,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

--4$ Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- Deal Ends, being under 5 Feet ui Length, and not exceeding in Thickness 21 Inches, the 120, -

- imported in Shipping or the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

--3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4} Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

--being 5 Feet and under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding in Thick-

nels 2\ Inches, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

--3 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- *3J Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 4 Inches in Thickness, the 120,

> imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

--4! Inches in Thickness, the 120,

- > imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America^ the 120 -

- Ebony of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America, the Ton, qt. 20cwt.

- of any other Country or Place, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. —

- Fire Wood, the Fathom, being 6 Feet Wide and 6 Feet High,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the Fathom

£ /. d. £- d.

2 4 7 2 2 7

2 17 2 2 !3 1

2 7 10 2 4 3

3 1 7 2 17 9

2 2 11 I 00 M 11

25 0 2910

2 6 2 2, 1 10

3 0 6 23 11

296 2 5 2

3 4 11 2 16 11

2 13 4 2 10 0

394 3 2 4

2 17 2 2 11 9

3 17 O 3 7 9

0 3 8 0 3 4

0 4 5 0 3 8

0 4 0 0 3 7

0 5 4 0 4 8

0 4 5 0 3 11

0 6 0 0 5 2

0 4 11 0 4 2

0 6 5 0 5 6

0 5 6 0 4 6

0 7 2 p 6 2

0 4 10 0 4 5

0 6 3 0 5 9

0 5 4 0 4 10

0 690 6 2

0 5 8 0 5 2

0 7 4 0 6 8

0 6 3 0 5 7

0 7 8 0 1 1

0 690 5 if

0 8 10 0 7 9

0 5 6 0 0 6

04 0

8 16 0 8 3 9

0 2 3 0 1 8

0 290 2 2

Wood;

44° GEORGII III.

C. 26

55

/- SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duties.; Drawbacks.

Wood, continued. Fire Wood, continued. — of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Fathom — - Fir Quarter*, under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, the 120, £ ' d. 007 £. d. O 0 I

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 12 I O97

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — .wards, in Length, the 120, — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — O 15 5 O 12 1

I 4 2 O l8 4

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — , .--.of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, I 10 10*3 5

the 120 - Fir Timber. See Timber in Wood. O 11 O 010

Fuflick, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. - (If for Dyers' Use, free.) Guinea Wood. See Red Wood. — Handspikes, under 7 Fept in Length, the 120, 0 16 6 016

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 3 8 0 2 4

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 0 39025

in America, the 120 - 016 0 0 2

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 5 10 046

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 0 6 7 053

in America, the 120 - Knees of Oak, under 5 Inches Square, the 120, 029 O-O3

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 3901 4'

in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — ' - -- being 5 Inches, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120, — > imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 411 026

0 17 0 0 5 5

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120 — 0 18 2 0 6 Q

056 006

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — in Foreign Shipping, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic 056 0 2 10

Feet - ' — - of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Planta- tionB in America, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, 067 038

qt. 50 Cubic Feet - Lathwood, in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom, being 6 Feet Wide and 6 Feet High 038 O 0 4

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 11 10 081

6 Feet Wide and 6 Feet High, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 ia 11 0 17 7 O92 0 12 1

- in Foreign Shipping, the Fathom — Colonies and Plantations in America^ the Fathom, being 6 Feet 0 19 3 O 13 9

Wide and 6 Feet High - 0 3 10 0 0 4

- Lignum Vit*, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. - (If for Dyers' Use, free.) Linn Boards. See Boards in Wood. 074 0 0 8

Logwood, the Ton, qt, 20 cwt. — — (If for Dyers' Use, free.) — Logs, Wainscot. See Wainscot, in Wood. — Mahogany, the Growth or Production of any Part of America or the West In- 0 6 i 0 0 7

diet, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. — — — 0 14 4 014

20 cwt. — > - I 3 11 4 1 18 4 Wood*

Wood, continued.

- Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, being 6 Inches in Diametor andmnder 8 Inches in Diameter, the Piece,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the Piece —

- of the British Colonies or Plantations in America^ the Piece

- being 8 Inches and under 12 Inches in Diameter, the Piece,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom*in Foreign Shipping, the Piece

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Piece being 12 Inches and upwards in Diameter, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the Load, qt. yoCubic Feet

of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Load, qt, 50 Cubic Feet -

N.B. Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, under 6 Inches in Diameter, to par Duty as Spars of the like Denomination the Ton, qt,

(If for Dyers* Use, free.)

Oak Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.

- Plank, being 2 Inches and upwards in Thicknest, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet,

1 — dmpprted in Shipping of the United Kingdom

in Foreign Shipping, the Load, qt. co Cubic Feet —

..Nicaragua Wood, the Ton, qt. 20-cwt.

.. of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America^ the Jio -

p Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

- .Oars, the 1*0,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- m Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120 -

f'Olive Wood., of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa at America, the Ton, qt. so cwt.

- of the Growth of any other Place, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

See Boards, in Wood.

- Plank, Beech. See Beech, in Wood.

- Oak. See Oak, in Wood.

-r — r'Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton, -qt. 20 cwt. —

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

- Round Wood in Pieces under 8 Inches Square, and under 6 Feet in Length, dhc 120,

.. imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120

- 1 --- — in Pieces under 8 Inches Square, and being 6 Feet in Length

or upwards, the 220,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120,

- in Pieces of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth

and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in Amc-riea, the 1/0, -

- Safari Wood of the British Coloniesxw Plantations, for every £. 100 of the Value

- of the Produce of any other Country, for every £.100 of the

Value — — # -

Spars, under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

being 22 Feet in Length and upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120, r — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

> - in Foreign Shipping, the 120 —

o ii 6 o 14 1

o §6

S

2 10 1

o 13 2

o 8 3 260

260

O II o O 12 I

12 0*4 a

022

3 19 a

20 5 4

082

0811

0 16 6 o 17 7

£ / d. £ % t. A

O 2 7 0 1 X*

O 2 8 b 2 0

O 2 2 0 1 6

O 5 4 0 3 6

9 5 8 0 4 5

O 4 S 0 3 t

O 17 3 098

O 18 4 0 10 9

O l5 5 0 7 20

2 22 S X 16 s

o 5 10 07 S

006

a 4

2 10 4

009

028

028

056

0^7

O II o

o 13 2 0 0 2 16 13 4

o 3 10 048

0712

090

Wood,

44» GEORGII III.

C. 26

57

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks.

Wood, continued. - — Spars, being 22 Feet in Length and upwards, &c. continued. £ £. 1. J.

imported in Foreign Shipping, the 120 — — 4 Inches and under 6 Inches in Diameter, excluuve of the Bark, the 120, — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — 0 17 7 090

1 15 2 0 17 4

of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame- 1 x7 5 0 19 7

rica, the 120 - N.B. All Spars 6 Inches and upwards in Diameter, are to pay Duty as Mails, according to their respective Dimensions. — Speckled Wood of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, in Africa 067 007

or Amertca, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. — — of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton, 0 11 0 010

qt. 20 cwt. - Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding 2 Feet in Length, the 1000 2 15 0 a 3 4

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 0 13 11 0 5 11

in Foreign Shipping, the 1000 — — .exceeding 2 Feet in Length, the'1000, 0 16 2 080

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — 194 0 14 4

in Foreign Shipping, the 1000 — of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the British 1 12 8 0 16 8

Colonies or Plantations in America, the coo — 0 4 V 005

Staves of all Sorts, not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 — 007 001

- of all Sorts, exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 — — of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.) — Sweet Wood, of the Growth or Production of the Britfb Colonies, Planta- Oil 001

tions, or Settlements in Africa or America, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt. (If for Dyers' Use, free.) of any other Country or Place, the Ton, 20 cwt — (If for Dyers' Use, free.} Timber, viz. Fir Timber, being 8 Inches Square, and not exceeding 10 Inches Square, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — Cubic Feet — - Feet, 0 11 0 360 049 2 16 0

04 5 029

° 5 3 0 3 7

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — in Foreign Shipping, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet — — -i being 8 Inches Square or upwards, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in 049 0 2 10

056 038

America, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet — — Oak Timber, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet, — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — Cubic Feet — — — being 8 Inches Square or upwards, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame- 018 076 0 0 2 O30

084 O 3 20

rica, the Load, 50 Cubic Feet — — of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet, 038 OO4

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping, the Load, qt* 50 0 4 5 ^29

Cubic Feet — — of all Sorts, not .particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Load, qt. 50 0 5 3 0 3 7

Cubic Feet - 44 Geo. III. I .0 x 8 0 0 2 Wood,

Wood, continued.

--Treenails, or Trenails, the 1000,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping, the 1000 —

- Users, under 5* Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping, the 120 -

- being 5 and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or up<

wards, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

in Foreign Shipping, the 120

of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120

- Wainscot Boards. See Boards.

- Logs, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — - — in Foreign Shipping, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet -

- being of the Growth or Production of the Brit'ish Colonies or Plantations in America, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet

- Yards, See Mads.

- Unmanufactured, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £.100 of the Value -

- not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every ^.100 of the Value,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

in Foreign Shipping, for every £»ioo of the Value -

- of the Growth or Production of the United States of America\ See Schedule (B.)

Wool, viz.

- Beaver, the lb.

- Cut or Combed, thedb.

- Carmenia. See Goats Hair, in Hair.

- Coney, the lb.

- Cotton of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 100 lbs.

- of the Growth or Production of Turkey, the 100 lbs. —

- of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place, the

100 lbs.

- of the Growth or Production of the United States of America. See

Schedule (B.)

- Edridge or Odrich, for every £.100 of the Value -

- Goats. See Goats Hair in Hair.

- Hares Wool, the 100 lbs.

- Red Wool, not Spanish, for every ^.100 of the Value —

- Spanish, free.

- Turkey Goats. See Goats Hair, in Hair.

Woollen Stuffs. See Stuffs.

- Yam. See Yarn.

Worm Seed^ See Seed.

Worded Tapes, as Haberdashery.

- Yam. See Yarn.

Yards. See Mads, in Wood.

Yam, viz.

- Cable Yarn, the cwt.

- Camel or Mohair, the lb. qt. 16 oz.

- Cotton, the lb.

- Grogram, the lb.

*- — Raw Linen Yarn, made of Fla*, the lb.

£ /. d. £ d.

O 3 10 O I 10

O 4 5 O 2 5

O 16 6 O3 6

O 17 7 O H 7

I 15 2 I92

I 16 4 I 10 4

O 8 10 0 0 10

O 8 10 O 1 1

O911 O 2 2

0 3 8 O 0 4

3 l9

20 5 4

o o

o

o

072

16 13 4 2180

1 r 9

o 13 9

39 2

0 3 3*9

0 7 2

003

07*

3 10

o o

o 10 o

030

006

003

006

003

Yam,

44° GEORGII III.

C. 26

59

SCHEDULE (A.) — Ihwaum. Duties. Drawbacks.

Yarn, continued, viz. £' <* £ s % d-

- Wick Yarn, for every* *.100 of the Value — — — 33 0 0 29 8 0

Woollen and Bay Yarn, the cwt. - 0 19 7 0 11 8

- Worsted, being of two or more Threads, twisted or thrown, the lb. — of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or defcdbed, or other- 008 007

wife charged with Duty, for every , £.100 of the Value — Yellow Berries. See Berries. Z. Zaffre. See Cobalt. 33 0 0 M VO 00 0

Zedoaria, the lb. - All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatsoever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into, or used in, Ireland, and not being 012 0 I I

exempt from Duty, for every ^'.100 of the Value thereof — — SCHEDULE (B.) 20 5 4 16 13 4

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United States of America, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks.

£ d. £ ' e.

Arrow Root, the cwt. - Ashes of all Kinds, free. Beaver Skins. See Skins. Blubber. See Oil. Calve Skins. See Skins. Com, fee Acts relating thereto. 0 11 0 0 2 0

Cotton Wool, the cwt. - 098 O 0 II

Gum, Cashew Gum, the cwt. - (If for Dyers'Use, free.) Hemp, rough, free. Hides, viz. Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, the Piece — — Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair, the Piece — — - or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or de- 0 3 10 007 007 004

feribed, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value — 20 5 4 i<5 13 4

Hops, the cwt. - Note. For the conditions and Regulations under which Hops may be warehoused, fee 40 Geoi 3. c. 43. 2 18 7 2 15 4

Indigo, the 100 lbs. - (If for Dyers' Use, free.) Iron in Bars or unwrought, free. Pig Iron, free. mSy.V Bowsprit* } S".0 13 2 0x3

Oil, Spermaceti or Head Matter, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons — — 24 s 1 22 I 7

- Train Oil or Blubber, or Fish Oil, the Tun, qt. 252 Gallons — — 23 2 0 22 5 2

Pitch, the Lait, <^t. 12 Barrels, each Barrel, qt. 31 \ Gallons — O l8 5 O 14 9

Prorifions (not being Groceries) for every £. 100 of the Value — - — Note. For the Conditions up&n which Corn and Fish, and all other Provisions may be imported without Payment of Duty, fee 41 Geo. 3. r. 63 % continued, by subsequent Acts until 25th March 1805. 13 5 6913 6

Rice, the cwt, - Note. For the Conditions under which Rice, the Produce of the United States of America, may be warehoused on Importation, ^41 Geo. 3. tm 95. §8. 0 to 4 088

Rosin, or Cplophonia, the cwt. - I2 025 021 Seed,

Rape, the Quarter, qt. 8 Bushels

Seed,

Hemp Seed, free

-.' V qt.

Skins, Beaver, undressed, the Skin

--Calve, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way drafted, the Dozen

Skins -

\*Andj*t Snuff, the lb.* -

44*7. r. 67. Spermaceti, Fine, the lb.

Schedule (A.)J----- Oil. See Oil.

Staves. Sec Wood.

Tar, the Last, qt. 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31} Gallons Tobacco, viz.

- unmanufactured, for every lb.

- if imported by Strangers, or by any Law now in force be fuhjcA to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty for every lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrict ions under which such Tobacco may be secured in Warthouses, without Payment of the above Duties, fee 37 Geo 3. c. 42. fmee continued.

(Tobacco is subjectalfo to a Duty of Excise.)

Tonnage Duty on Ships entering Outwards or Inwards. See Schedule (D.) Turpentine, Common, the cwt.

Whale Fins, or Whalebone, the Ton, qt. ao cwt.

Wood, viz.

Anchor Stocks, the Piece -

- Balks of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120 —

--Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, the 120 -

--Beech Plank of all Sorts, the 120 -

--Beech Quarters of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120 —

--Boards, Clap Board?, exceeding 5 Feet three Inches in Length, and under

8 Inches Square, the 120

- under 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches

Square, the 120- —

--Bowsprits. See Masts.

- Box Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, the 120 —

- Ebony, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Fire Wood, the Fathom, 6 Feet Wide and 6 Feet High

- Fir Quarters of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120

--Handspikes, under 7 Feet in Length, the j 20 -

*----- 7 Feet in Length or upwards, the 120 —

--Knees of Oak of all Sorts under 8 Inches Square, the 120

- 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic

Feet

- Lathwood hi Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet Wide and 6 Feet High —

--Lignum Vitae, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

(If for Dyers' Use, free.)

--Mahogany, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Masts, Yard, or Bowsprits, 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches, the

Piece

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches, the

Piece

- 12 Inches in Diameter9 and upwards, the Load,

qt. 50 Cubic Feet -

- Oak Plank of all Sorts, the 120 -

' — Oars, the 120 -

- Olive Wood, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

--Round Wood in Pieces of all Sorts, under 8 inches Square, the 120 —

- Spars, of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120

--Speckled Wood, the Ton, qt. 20 cwt.

- Spokes for Wheels of all Sorts, the 1000 -

- Staves of all Sorts, not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120 —

- exceeding 50 Inches io Length, the 120 -

- Sweet Wood, the Ton, qt. 20cwt.

(If for Dyers' Dfc, free.)

£- d. £ JV d.

O 490 3 4

O 0 4 0 0

O 1 5 0 0 3

O 1 11 0 1 10

O 1 6 0 2 5

O3 2 0 10 3

O 0 8 0 0 8

O 0 1 0 0 1

O 3 3 0 3 1

132 0 0 130 5 0

O 0 7 0 0 1

O 11 0 0 1 a

O 5 6 0 0 6

O 3 4 0 0 4

O 11 0 0 1 0

O 8 3 0 0 9-

O 5 6 0 0 6

I t 2 0 1 11

O 5 6 0 0 6

O H 0 0 1 3

O 0 7 0 0 1

O 11 0 0 1 0

O 1 6 0 0 X

O 2 11 0 0 3

O 5 6 0 0 6

O 3 8 0 0 4

O 3 10 0 0 4

O 7 4 0 0 8

O x4 4 0 1 4

Q 2 2 0 1 6

O 4 5 0 3 i

O5 5 0 7 10

O 5 6 0 0 6

O3 2 0 1 2

O 8 3 0 0 9

O 2 2 0 0 2

O 6 1 0 0 1

O 8 10 0 0 10

O 4 2 0 0 J

O 0 7 0 0 1

O 2 1 0 0 1

O 110 0 1 0

Wood,

Wood, continued.

- Timber Oak, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, qt. co Cubic Feet

- ef all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic Feet -

Users of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120 -

- Wainscot Logs, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load, qt. 50 Cubic

- Yards. See Mails.

unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, not being exempt from Duty, and not being for the Purposes of dying, for every £. 100 of the Value -

AH other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in this Schedule, and not prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, being of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the United States of America^ and imported according to Law, shall and may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs (and also of Excise, in Cases where Duties of Excise are due and payable thereon), and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Ireland$ in Shipping of the United Kingdom, from any other Foreign Country, and in Gales where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination ana Defqription, imported from different Foreign Countries, then upon Payment of the lowed Duties which by Law are required to be paia on the Importation in Shipping of the United Kingdom, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from any Foreign Country according to the Schedule or Table referred to in the ACfc, to which this, Schedule is annexed.

£' d.

038

£. d.

0 0 4

o

o

8

10

o

o

3

IQ

038

3 19 2

004

7

SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize^ of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland.

OUTWARDS. AQtes of Wood, the Lad of is Barrels -

- of all other Sorts, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Bacon, the Flitch -

other, and Hams the cwt.

Bones, Ox, the 1000 -

- unmanufactured, for every/*. 100 of the Value

Calves Skins, for every £. 100 of the Value —

Calves Valves, for every; £*. too of the Value —

Cards Wool, new, the Dozen -

- old, the Dozen -

Cheese, the cwt.

Coney Hair or Wool, Black or White, the lb.

Copperas, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Fur, called Rabbit's Grey Fur, the lb.

Furriers* Wade, for every/*. 100 of the Value —

Geldings or Nags. See Horses.

Greaves, or Grease, the cwt.

Guts, Ox Guts, the Barrel -

- of other Animals, for every £* 100 of the Value —

Hair, viz.

--Harts, the cwt.

- Horse, the cwt.

--Human, for every £. 100 of the Value —

- Kids, for every 100 of the Value -

--Ox, Cows or Bulls, the cwt.

Hart/bom, the cwt.

Hcmpfecd, the Quarter of 8 JJufluU -

DUTY.

£. s. d.

- o i-

- 500

- O O I

- 0 0 2

- OO4

- 5 0 0

- 5 0 0

- 50a

- OO8

- O O jf

- 006'

- 007

- 500

- o o 3T

- 5 o a

- a o z

- 010

- 500

- 032

- 080

- 50 a

- 500

- 020

- 016

- 020

Hides,

C. 26.

44" GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (C.) Outwards . — Continued.

A.D. 1804.

Duty,

Hides, Raw and Untanned, the Piece -

Hogs or Pigs, the Piece alive -

Hogs Lard, the cwt.

Horns, viz.

- Buck3, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- : ----- Goats, the cwt.

- Ox, the Thousand of 6 Score to the Hundred -

- Rams, the Thousand of 6 Score to the Hundred -

- Sheep, the Thousand of 6 Score to the Hundred -

- Stags, the Thousand of 6 Score to the Hundred -

-Tips of Horns, the Thousand of 6 Score to the Hundred -

Horn Shavings, for every £*ioo of the Value -

Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, the Piece -

Hoofs of all Sorts, for every £. tco of the Value -

Lead, cast or uncaft, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Ore, for every £. 100 of the Value -

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the cwt.

Linen Rags or Shreds, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Linseed, or Flaxfeed, the Quarter, qt. 8 Bushels -

Litharge of Lead, the cwt.

Manure. See Soap Boilers Wade.

Oxen, Cow3, or Steers, the Head -

Oysters, in Pickle, the Gallon -

Rapeseed, the Quarter of 8 Bushels -

Skins, viz.

- Badger, the Piece -

*-- Calve. See Calve Skins, in (C.)

- tanned. Sec Leather tanned.

- Cat, the Hundred of 5 Score -

- Deer, undressed, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Dog, the Dozen -

- Fox, the Piece -

- Goat, undressed, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Hair, undressed, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Kid, dressed or undressed, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- Kips and Runners, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Lamb, dressed, without the Wool on, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt.

Note. No Lamb Skins, whether flink or flaughtcred, from which the Wool shall not have been taken off, shall be exported, (except to Great Britain)under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, fee 40 G. 3. c. 43. §159.

- Martin, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Otter, raw, the Piece -

- tawed, the Piece -

- Wombs, for every £. 100 of the Value -

- Rabbits and Conies, Black, with or without Silver Hair, dressed or tawed, the Hundred of

6 Score -

- Grey, seasoned, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- Grey, 'Stag, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- Grey, tawed, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- dressed, tawed, or dyed into Colours, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- Sheep, dressed, without the Wool on, the 120 -

- tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt.

- with the Wool on, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- tawed, with the Wool on, the Hundred of 6 Score -

Pelts, dressed or undressed, for every 6 Score -

- Squirrel, the 1000

- Stag, the Piece — — — :

- Swan, the Piece -

Slugs of Horns, for every £. 100 of the Value —

S jap Boilers Waste, and all other Manure (except Lime), the Ton Tallow, the cwt.

Tanners Waste, for every £. too of the Value —

Tongues, called Neats Tongues, the Dozen —

Tonnage Duties. See Schedule (D.)

Tripea, the cwt.

£' /. J.

O 2 0

O 3 0

O 0 11

O 0 3

O 0 6

O 2 6

O 1 0

O 0 2

O 1 7

O 0 9

5 0 0

1 0 0

5 0 0

23 9

5 0 0

0 1 4

3 5 8

0 3 0

0 0 3

0 6 6

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

5 0 0

0 1 4

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 8

0 1 o-

0 3 0

0 1 4

1 0 0

0 1 6

0 1 6

0 2 6

0 0 6

0 0 4

5 0 0

1 0 0

0 1 6

5 0 0

0 0 4

0 0 r

Wax

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (C.) Outwards. — Continued.

Wax, unmanufactured the cvvt.

Weld, the cwt.

Woad, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Nets, the Hundred of 5 Score - 006

Yarn, Linen, for every Pack of statutable Linen Yarn, qt. 400 Pounds Weight, at 6 Score to the

Hundred - 100

In Addition to the Duties herein-before charged on certain Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence, and also on all other Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, the following Duties are to be paid;

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, except as herein after mentioned, exported to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof — — 1 10 o

Except

- Bullion.

- Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported from Ireland to the Isle of Man, which may be legally exported to the said Island.

- Cotton Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of

Ireland.

- Corn or Grain.

- Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, or any refined

Sugar called Bastards, or ground or powdered Sugar, or refined Sugar broken in Pieces, or any Sugar called Candy, or Melasses made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

All Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland (except as herein after mentioned), exported to any Port or Place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof - 400

Except

- Bullion.

- Corn or Grain.

- Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Ireland.

- Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or Implements, or Materials, fit

and necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessels, or on Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery, exported from Ireland to the said Island.

- All refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all re-

fined Sugar called Baltards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Melasses made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

SCHEDULE (D.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon Ships, Vessels, or other Bottoms, trading to Ireland, from any Country whatsoever, over and above all other Duties payable on the Tonnage thereof; and of the Duties payable on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, over and above all Fees payable for the same.

Duty-

IJpon every Ton of every Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom trading to Ireland, (except Coasters, and £. s. d\ except Ships laden with Coals only trading to the Port of Dublin) — — 002

Upon every Entry Inwards, made in the Port of Dublin (except Port Entries and Entries of Coals) 026 Upon every Entry Outwards, made in the Port of Dublin — — — 026

SCHEDULE (E.)

A SCHEDULE of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of Ireland therein mentioned; and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark or Hemlock for Tanners'Use.

BOUNTIES.

LINEN.

All Manufactures of Buckram, Filletting, and Linen, of the Breadth of 25 Inches or more, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, stamped, or dyed, and all printed, painted, Rained*

Ramped, or dyed, Callico or Cotton, or Cotton mixed with Linen, of the like Breadth, viz.

For

C. 26.

Duty.

£ s. j.

- O4O

- OI3

63

C. 26.

44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (E«) Outwards* — Continued.

BOUNTIES. £. r. t/.

Tor every Yard thereof under the Value of $d. which shall be exported from Ireland\ to Africa

America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or Minorca — — — O o

For every Yard thereof of the Value of 5//. and under the Value of 6\d. which shall be exported to

any of the Places aforesaid — — % — — ooi

For every Yard thereof of the Value of 6{d. and not exceeding is. jld. in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid - O o if

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

"The Value of such Linens, Caflicoes, and Cottons, if printed, painted, stained, stamped, or dyed, or of such Cottons mixed with Linen, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the Bounties aforesaid, to be deemed their Value when in a plain State, and exclusive of such printing, painting, (laming, -damping, or dying.

Note. Kentings, and all Fabricks made of Linen and Hempen Yarn only, to be deemed and considered as Linen.

All Manufactures of Lmewchequed or Rripcd with any other Material than Linen Yarn, of the Breadth of 25 Inches or more, and-of the Value of 7 d. the Yard, and not exceeding is. d. in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid, for every Yard thereof — o 'o o(

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

YVhcn any of the aforesaid Linens shall not be of the Breadth of 25 Inches, they shall be entitled to receive the Bounty after the Rates aforesaid, deeming every nine Hundred Square Inches equal to one Yard of 25 Inches Breadth or upwards.

All Manufactures of Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheetings, or Linens, upwards of one Yard in Breadth, and not exceeding u. 7\d. the Square Yard in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid, for every Square Yard thereof — — O o i\

And so in Proportion for any greater of leis Quantity.

A.11 Manufactures of Sail Cloth or Canvas, fit for or made into Sails, which shall be exported,

for every three Ells thereof - 006}

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

SILK.

Maaufa6tures of Ireland made of, or mixed with Silk, exported under certain Regulations, t

Ribbands and Stuffs made of Silk only, for every lb. thereof Avoirdupois — — o 3

Silks and Ribbands made of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver, for every lb. thereof Avoirdupois o 4 Silk Stockings, Gloves, Fringes, and Laces, and Stitching or Sewing Silk, for every lb. thereof

Avoirdupois - 01

Stuffs made of Silk and Grogram Yarn mixed, for every lb. thereof Avoirdupois — O o

Stuffs made of Silk and Wonted mixed, for every lb. thereof Avoirdupois — — 00

Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton, the lb. Avoirdupois — — 01

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Books unbound, if printed on British or Foreign Paper, for evei7 lb. thereof Avoirdupois — 00 Sugar, refined

For the Bounties thereon, See 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 74, 4a Geo. 3. c. 60, and 43 Geo. 3. c. rj.

o

o

3

8

6

0

1

INWARDS.

Tor and upon every Barrel of Bark or Hemlock which (had be imported into Ireland from any

Country in Europe except Great Britain — — 040

Tor and upon every barrel ot Bark or Hemlock which shall be imported into Ireland from America 050

SCHEDULE (F.)

A SCHEDULE of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, for, upon, and in respect of the several

Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND DUTIES.

AUCTIONS.

Tor and upon every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money, arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland, of any Intenefl in Possession or Reversion in any Freehold or Lease-hold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments; and of any Annuiiies, or Sums of Money charged thereon; and of any Utensils of Husbandry and Farming Stock, Ships and Vessels, and of any Plate or Jewels 5 and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase >Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission —

Tor and upon every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money, arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland, of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever (not exempted by Law) and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such*PuTchafe Money, to be pyd by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission -

Duty. £. s. d.

- 003

006

CARDS

4+' GEORGII III. C. 26.

SCHEDULE (F.) — Imlahd. — Continued.

CARDS AND DICE.

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made, nanufactured, or vended fa

For and upon every pair of Dice made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -

COACHES AND CHAISES.

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calash, or Chaise, with four Wheels (not exempt by Law) which any Person shall have or keep in his or her Posseifiop at any Time in each and every Year from the 25th Day of March 1804, such Person not having at the same Time more than one such Carriage in his or her Possession, the yearly Sum of -

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calash, or Chaise, with four Wheels (not exempt by LawQ which any Person shall have or keep in his or her Possession at any Time in each and every Year from the 25th Day of March 1804, such Person shallat the same Time have more than one such Carriage in his or her Possession, the yearly Sum of -

For and upon every Chaise with two Wheels (not exempt by Law) which anjr Person shall have or keep in his or her Possession at any Time in each and every Year from the 25th Day of March 1804, the yearly Sum of -

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches and Chaises, and Coaches, Ghaifes, and other Carriages kept for Hire, or kept by the Makers for Sale, and Cabriolets and Garden Chairs, excepted* (See 40 G. 3. c.$z. §10, 11, 12, )

COFFEE.

For and upon every Pound Weight of Coffee which shall be consumed in Ireland^ to be paid by the Person or Persons buying the same from the Importer thereof — — > —

FIRE HEARTHS.

For and out of every Dwelling House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in Ireland\ in the Whole of which House there shall be two or more Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing, or Stoves, at any Time in each and every Year from the 25th Day of March 1804, the several and respective yearly Rates and Taxes following, that is to say:

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole two Fire Hearths, or other Places uled for Firing, or Stoves, the Sum of — Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole three Fire Hearths, or other Places uled for Firing, or Stoves, the Sum of — Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole four Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing, or Stoves, the Sum of — Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole five Fire Hearths, or other Places uled for Firing, or Stoves, the Sum of — Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole fix Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing, or Stoves, the Sum of —

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole seven Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing, or Stoves, the Sum of — Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole right Fire Hearths, or other Places uled for Firing, or Stoves, the Sum of — Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the Whole nine or more Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing, or Stove6, for every Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove, the Sum of -

Duty. £ d.

o 1 5

0 10 o

6 16 6

920,

200

001

o 4 iof o 8 i* o 11 4$

o 15 2

0 19 6

1 4 4r 182

088

GLASS BOTTLES.

For and upon every Glass Bottle which shall be made or manufactured in Ireland, of common Bottle Metal, (the same not being Phials) for every Quail such Bottle shall be reputed to contain, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, not being less than one Pint, to be paid by the Makers thereof - oooo{

LEATHER.

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins herein after mentioned, which shall be tanned in Ireland % the respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon every such Hide and Skin, or Piece of any such Hide and Skin, of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever other than such as are herein after mentioned and described, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof, and after such Rate for any greater or less Quantity - 001

For aim upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for every Hide — — 010

For and upon all Skins called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs, Jor every Dozen Skin3 thereof,

and after the same Rate for any greater or ltfs Number — — --050

For and upon all Skins for Shoes, and other like Purposes, and all Seal Skins, for every Dozen

thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Number — o 2 6

4+Gco. III. K'For

65

66

1

[*&*44 G % 3-

67. §17.

Duties repeated, and Stamp Duties m-yfcac/ impr/ed by 44 (/. J. f. 63.

and regulated by 44 6\ 3- 103.

§ 10 — 16. J

SCHEDULE (F.) — Inland* — Continued. Duty.

£.- d+

For and upon all other Skins for Book-Binders' Use, for every Dozen thereof, and after the fame

Rate for any greater or iefs Number — — — o 1 a

For and upon all Goats Skins tanned with Shumac or otherwise, to resemble Spanish Leather, and all Sheeps Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof - o o 1

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins tanned for Gloves and Bafils, for every Pound

Weight Avoirdupois thereof, and proportionably for any greater or less Quantity o o oj

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, herein after mentioned, which shall be dressed in Oil in Ireland*, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed; that is to say.

For and upon every such Hide and Skin, and Piece of such Hide and Skin, of any Nature or Denomination whatsoever, other than such as herein after mentioned and described, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof - 002

For and upon all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois

thereof - 005

For and upon all Calf Skins, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof — — 002

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois thereof — o o o J And proportionably for any greater or less Quantity of all such Hides and Skins.

LICENCES.

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to manufacture Tobacco in any Manner, or to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a Wholesale Importer only, or as a Whole-saie Merchant only - 80 O*

And a further Duty of for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding one Table, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall dc licensed to keep.

For and upon every Licence to any Person to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco as a Wholesale

Merchant, not being the Importer thereof — — — 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee, in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland', except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries - 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Retail or otherwise deal in Coffee in any Part

in Ireland, not being a City or Town Corporate, except as aforesaid — — o 10 o

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to manufacture Candles or Soap for Sale — 100 For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to fell or manufacture Paper Hangings

for Sale - 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to keep a Still or Stills to rcCtify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every ten Gallons which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing - 2100

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper 30a For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to brew or make for Sale any Liquor called

Sweets or Made Wines - 20a

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to make Mctheglin or Mead for Sale — 20a

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to make Vinegar for Sale — — 200

For and upon every Lictnceto any Person to fell Tea or Groceries by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in evenr City, Town, and Place, re-, turning a Member to serve in Parliament, or within two Miles of the Market House, or principal Market Place or Town House of any such City, Town, or Place — — 300

For and upon every Licence to any Person in any other Part of Ireland to fell Tea or Groceries

by Retail - 200

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell or tap out Cyder by Retail — — 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell Metheglin or Mead by Retail — — 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate

for Sale - 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to keep a Tan Yard cr Tan Pit, or tan

Leather for Sale - 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to dress Hides and Skins in Oil — 100

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Vellum and Parchment — 100

[ For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis - 30 o o

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of his Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than two Miles dillant therefrom - 20 00

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in every other Place wit! in the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of his M*j ally's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than five Miles therefrom 1500

3 For

AJ). 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 26.

SCHEDULE (F.) — Inland*--Continued,

3°

20

30

20

- 3° o

- 20 o

- l5

10

- 20 o o

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And t/ithin the rest of the County of the said City -

For and upon etety Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within the City of Waterford, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the rett of the County of the said City -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in the City of Limerick* including that J*art thereof called St. Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the relt of the County of the said City -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the Towns of Bdfajl, Newry,

Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Clonmel -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to feU any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail within all other Cities, Corporate Towns, Market Towns, where Markets are usually held, and within one Mile of the Town House, Market House, or principal Market Place —

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell any Kind oi Spirituous Liquors by Retail in any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell Spirits in any Place in Ireland, in Quantities not kfs than two Gallons, the like Duty as is payable in such Place on a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail.]

For and upon every Licence to any Factor or other Person in Ireland, felling Home-made Spirits on Commission or otherwise, not being a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits - 20 00

For and upon every Licence to any Factor or Person in Ireland, felling Foreign Spirits on Corn-million or otherwise, not being a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits, nor being the Importer of Foreign Spirits -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling Malt on Commission or otherwise -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland to keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, for each and every Cittern or Kiln, in each and every Malt House in his or her Possession in which such Business shall be carried on -

For and upon every Licence to any Person in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, or in the Cities of Cork or Waterford, or in the City of Limerick, including that Pan thereof called St. Francis's Abbey, or in the Cities of Kilkenny, Londonderry, or Armagh, or in the Towns of Drogheda, Galway, Belfast, Newry, Dundalk, and Clonmel, or within two Miles of the Market House, or principal Market Place, or Town House of any of the said Cities or Towns, to brew Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, for eacn and every Brewhouse used by such Person -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to brew Strong Beer or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, in any other Place in Ireland, being a Town Corporate or Borough returning any Member to serve in Parliament, for each and every Brewhouse used by such Person —

For and upon every Licence to any Personr in any other Place in Ireland to brew Strong Beer or Ale, or Small Berr for Sale, for each and every Brewhouse used by such Person —

For and upon every Licence to any Person to keep any Coffee House -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Auction within the Dittrift of the Metropolis, or within fix Miles of the Cattle of Dublin -

For and upon every Licence to any Person to fell by Auction in any other Part of Ireland —

For and upon every Licence to any Person in Ireland, to make Glass Bottles, and other Vessel or UtenfiU made of common Bottle Metal -

For and upon every Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other Trading Person

O from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse, or other

of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; also to travelling Tinkers, and Catters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale -

And a further Duty for every Horse, or other Beast bearing or drawing Burthen, which such Person shall £0 travel with, or cause to be used for the rurpose of carrying or drawing his, her, or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize -

DUTY.

- 20 O O

- 15 'o a

- 30 o 6

- 20 o o

10

2

o

10

- 100

- 200

O O

METHEGLIN OR MEAD.

For and upon every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead made in Ireland for Sale, and after the fame

Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Makers thereof — — 00

67

K

PAPER

68

C. 26.

44° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (F.) — Inland. — ContinuedL

A.D. 1804.

*UTT.

£. f.d.

- o

- O o q|

- O IO o

- 050

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

For and upon the several Sorts of Paper herein after mentioned, which shall be made in Ireland, the several and respective Duties following, to be paid by the Makers of such Papers respectively t For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the Uses and Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all Elephant Paper, and all Cartridge Paper -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Coloured Papers, and Whited-brown Papers, other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers, fit or proper for the Use or Purposes of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the IJfes or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any other of th$m — — 00

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper fit and proper for the Use and Purposie of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all Button Paper, or Button Board -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Paper Hangings — ' -

For every one Hundred Weight of Paste-Board, Mill-Board, and Scale-Board, and Paper corn* monly called by the Name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper —

And so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity*

For every one Hundred Weight of Glazed Paper forClothiers and Hot Prefiers And so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Paper not herein-before enumerated

or described - oo2{

PAPER HANGINGS.

For and upon every Square Yard of Paper which shall be printed, paiated, or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and so in proportion for any greater Quantity, to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof — — < — 001

PLATE WROUGHT.

For and upon every Ounce Troy Weight of Gold or Silver Plate wrought, made, or manufactured

in Ireland - 006

And so in proportion for any greater or less Weight.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person in Ireland at any Time, in each and every Year, from the 25th Day of March 1804, the Yearly Sums, Duties, or Taxes following, that is to say:

For one Male Servant - 1

«>r two Male Servants, each* - ' — 1

For any Number of Male Servants exceeding two and not exceeding four, each — — 2

For any Number of Male Servants exceeding four and not exceeding seven, each — - — 2

For eight Male Servants, each - 3

For nine Male Servants, each - 3

For ten Male Servants, each - 3

To be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following Capacities, that is to fays Maitre d* Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner,

Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Postillion, Gardener, not being a Pay Labourer, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants really ailing in any of the said Capacities, shall be called, or whether such Male Servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with one or more of the same.

*4

5

9

6

16 io{ o o 8 3 io

r* fee

<>*dute

*>*4 is.]

SPIRITS*.

For and upon every Gallon of Aquavit*, Strong Waters, or Spirits made or dSftOled in Ireland*

from Malt, or from Com malted or unmalted, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof 039!

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Melasses in Ireland\ to be paid by the

first Maker or Distiller thereof - 04 St

SWEETS OR MADE WINES.

For and upon every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons, of all Liquor for Sale made in Ireland\ by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials, called Sweets or Made Wines, and after the lame Rate for any greater or less Quantity to be paid by the respective Makers thereof — — — 500

the

44" GEORGII m,

SCHEDULE (F.) — Ih LAND. — Continued.

TOBACCO*.

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which shall be manufactured in Ireland\ in any Manner, to be paid by the Person manufacturing the fame, or taking any Part thereof out of the original Package, and to be paid for every Pound Weight contained in such Package at the Time when the same shall be opened -

VELLUM ANTTPARCHMENT.

For and uoon all Vellum and Parchment which shall at any Time or Times be made in Ireland\ the respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed; that is to say,

For and upon every Dozen Skins of Vellum -

For and upon every Dozen Skins of Parchment -

And^ro^rtionably for any greater or less Quantity of such Vellum and Parchment, to be paid by

VINEGAR.

For and upon every Barrel, containing thirty-two Gallons of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for Sale, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker

WINDOW LIGHTS.

Upon and out of every Dwelling House or Tenement in Ireland* inhabited or to be inhabited, at any Time in each and every Year, from the acth Day of March 1804, the respective yearly Rates and Duties following, according to the Number of Windows or Lights in such Houset or Tenements respectively.

Number of Windows according to which the Dwelling House shall be charged Yearly 5 and the Yearly

Rates thereon reJfeQively.

For every Dwelling House, having

5 Windows or Lights

7

8

9

10

11

it

23

J4

3

17

18

*9

20

21

C. 6.

DUTY.

£. s. d.

69

OO5

o

o

6

S

- 030

2 2

23

24

*5

26

27

28

29 3 31 3*

33

34

36

37

3«

39

40

4*

42

43

44

45

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

o 15 o 18 1 7

13

*9 6

13 o 7

14

3

1

1

1 x

2

2

3 3

3

4

4 I*

5

5

1

6 6 6

9

18

11

8 11 1

*3 S l5 S

- «17 7

- 7*5

10 7 139H II

*7 0 7 8 10 8 12 8 14 8 16

9

11

14 It

i 6 1

18 5 10 11 3 Window

9

9

9

9

9

1

n

1

I

5

7

7

9

[* Arui$d. mar* 44 <* 3- c. 67.

- O 4 iof

- 066

- 088

- O II II

2

i

li

7

6f

7

li

8 8*95 1

9

3

C. 26. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (F.) — Inlabid. — Confiavcd.

Window Lights, continued, viz. For every Dwelling House, having 46 Windows or Lights -

47 Ditto — MM -

48 Ditto -

49 Ditto _ MM

50 Ditto _ -

51 Ditto

5* Ditto -

53 Ditto -

54 Ditto j - 1, -

55 Ditto MM

56 Ditto MM .mm

57 Ditto — MM - mmm

58 Ditto — — .MM

59 Ditto

60 Ditto --

61 Ditto -

62 Ditto -

63 Ditto _.

64 Ditto -1.,

65 Ditto m MMM

66 Ditto -

67 Ditto m.

68 Ditto

69 Ditto — ,

70 Ditto _ MM mm m

7i Ditto MM

7* Ditto _ -MM.

73 Ditto — — -1

74 Ditto* _ — M MM -

75 Ditto - - mm

76 Ditto _ M-

77 Ditto ... MM* Mm

78 Ditto MM M —

79 Ditto MM, mm

to Ditto mm MM

81 Ditto MM -, -

2 Ditto Mm «M M, m

83 Ditto _ .M.

Ditto M- ... MM

85 Ditto MM M-. mm

6 Ditto MM -- M

87 Ditto MM MM -

88 Ditto MM MM mm

89 Ditto — -M MM

90 Ditto — MM MM.

9i Ditto -

92 Ditto MM —

93 Ditto MM __

94 Ditto —

95' Ditto MM mm

96 Ditto — - Mm.

97 Ditto _ M» r -

98 Ditto MM M- mm -

99 Ditto — _« --

100 Ditto — MM -

IOI Ditto — __

102 Ditto MM MM

103 Ditto — . — M rnmrn

104 Ditto — MM MM T-

105 Ditto — M —

r©6 Ditto MM,

107 Ditto MM , ..M

108 Ditto MM _ MM T--

109 Ditto.MM MM MM .M

IIO Ditto — -M .M_

DUTY.

£'- <*-

03 5

o 15 7

o 17. 9

0 19 II

1 12 II

1 l5 I 17

1 19

2 I 2 I4 2 l6

2 l8 II

3 I 3 3 36

38

4 o 4

4 4 n

4 »7 11

5 o 1 5 2 5 4 5 6 5 19

1

3 5 7

793 I. 6 1

8 1 3 5 7

7 9*

8 2 li

8 5 1

2 7 o 9

8 11

9 4

9 698 li911 1

9 13

20 6 20 8

20 10 20 12

20 14 11

21 7 11

21 10 1 21 12 a 21 14 5

21 16 7

22 19 4

23 16

*3 3 8 23 5 10

23 8 0

23 10*23 12 4 23 14 6 23 16 8 23 18 it> 15 1 7

Window

3

5

7

9

3

5

7

7

9

3

3

5

7

9

44° GEORGII III.

C. 260

7*

SCHEDULE (F.) — Inland.- — Continued,

Duty.

Window Lights, continued, viz.

For every Dwelling House, having 111 Windows or Lights —

Ditto —

112

I, 4

"I

116

117

118

119

120

121

122 i*3 124

2£

126

1*7

128

129

130

131 13*

133

134

1353$

137

138

139

140

141

142

M3 144 14 S

146

147

148

149

150

15*

153

15453

156

157

158

159 160-

161

162

163

164

165

166

167

168

169

170

171

1727374

D; tto

D?: to

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditco

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

/. d.

amm _ as 3 9

- 5 5 11

- 5 8 1

- 5 10 3

- 5 12 5

-r — — »5 H 7

- as l6 9

- »S l8 IX

- 36 I 1

- 37 3 10

- 7 6 0

- 37 8 2

- 37 10 4

- 7 12 6

- 274 8

- 37 16 10

- 37 19 0

- 38 1 2

- 38 3 4

- 9 6 1

- 29 8 3

- ' — 39 10 S

- a9 12 7

- 9 14 9

- 29 16 11

- 9 l9 X

- 30 1 3

- 30 3 5

- 3 5 7

- 3« 8 4

- 3* 10 6

- 3i 12

- 314 10

- 3' 17 0

- 31 19 2

- 3* 1 4

- ja 3 6

- 3» 5 8

- 3* 7 xo

- 33 10 7

- 33 12 9

- 33 14 XX

- 33 17 I

- 33 19 3

- 34 1 5

- 34 3 7

- 34 5 9

- 34 7 XX

- 34 10 1

- 3S 12 10

- 355 0

- 357 2

|f9 1 t

- 36 3 9

- 36 5 10

- 3<S 8 0

- 36 10 2

- 36 12 4

- 37 1J X

- 37 17 3

- 37 19 5

- 38 X 7

- 38 3 9

Window

7*

aljh

Cap. 67. §14. and Schrd. (C.)]

Recital of fixtk Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. See 39, 40 G. 3. c. 67. 40 G. 3. Cl.) c. 38.

Recital that Inland and Import Duties in Ireland have been increased.

That therefore additional Gm interval! ing Duties ought to be charged on like Articles I lorn Great Britain.

Increased Countervailing Duties im; .oled on British Articles in Schedules (A.) and (B.) im|>orted into 1* eland, until March 1805.

Increased Dtnwbacks granted (in

C. 26, 27. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (F).« — Imland. — Continued,

Window Lights, continued, viz.

For every Dwelling House, having

175 Windows or Lights -

176 Ditto -

177 Ditto -

178 Ditto -

179 Ditto -

180 Ditto -

For every Dwelling House, having One hundred and eighty-one Windows or Lights, and upwards, additional for each Window or- Light -

Duty.

£, /. d.

3^ 5 11

5* 8 1

38 10 3

38 12 5

384 7

39 >7 4

0 2 2

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for charging, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the Several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain \ and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufacture of Ireland.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS by two several Acts, one passed in the Parliament of Great Britain in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and the other passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is in and by the

sixth Article of the said Union, amongst other Things, provided and declared, that any Articles of the

Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of cither Country, which are or may be subject to internal Duty, or to 1 Duty on the Materials of which they are composed, may be made subject on the Importation into each Coun*

try respectively from the other, to such Countervailing Duty as shall appear to be just, and reasonable in respect of such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials; and that for the said Purposes the Articles specified in certain Schedules to the said Acts respectively annexed, shall be subject to the Duties respectively let forth in

the said Schedules, liable to be taken off, diminished, or increased in Manner therein specified 5 and that upon the Export of the said Articles from each Country to the other respectively, a Drawback shall be given equal

in Amount to the Countervailing Duty payable on such Articles on the Import thereof into the same Coun- .try from the other; and that in like Manner in future it shall be competent to the United Parliament to impose any new or additional Countervailing Duties, or to take off or diminish such existing Countervailing Duties', as may appear on like Principles to be just and reasonable, in respect of any future or additional internal Duty

on any Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country, or of any new or additional Duty on any Materials of which such Article may be composed, or of any Abatement of Duty on the fame; and

that when any such new or additional Countervailing Duty shall beloimposed on the Import of any Article into either Country from the other, a Drawback equal in Amount to such Countervailing Duty shall be given in like Manner on the Export of every such Article respectively from the same Country to the other: And whereas the Duties payable in Ireland on the several Articles respectively mentioned and set forth in the

Schedule marked (A.), hereunto annexed, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, and also on the Materials of which such Articles are respectively composed, have been increased since the passing of the said recited Acts: And whereas the Duties on the Importation into Ireland of the several and respective Ma- tcrials whereof the several Articles respectively mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (B.), hereunto

annexed, are composed, have also been increased since the passing of the said recited Acts: And whereas it is 'just and reasonable in respect thereof, and pursuant to the said recited Provisions contained in the said Acts,

that new or additional Countervailing Duties should be imposed on the like Articles set forth in the said Schedules (A.) and (B.), being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence

into Ireland, fumcient to countervail respectively such Increase of internal Duty payable in Ireland, and of

Duty on the Materials of which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize are or shall be respectively composed:

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after - the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize mentioned and set forth in the Schedules or Tables respectively marked (A.) and (B.), hereunto annexed, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from thence into Ireland, the several increased Countervailing Duties which are respectively described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules or Tables marked (A.) and (B.); which said increased Countervailing Duties are equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duties payable on any of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, together with such new or additional Duties as are sufficient to countervail respectively the Increase of internal Duty payable in Ireland, and of Duty on the Materials of which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize are or shall be respectively composed.

II. And whereas it is just and reasonable on account of the increased Rate of the Duties charged on the several Articles set forth in the Schedule or Table marked (C.) hereunto annexed, the Growth, Produce, or

Manufacture of Ireland, and exported from thence to Great Britain that increased Draw backs should in respect

1 4 thereof

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 27.

73

on Exportation of Infh Articles 10 Great Britain.

thereof he paid and allowed thereon be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fifth respect of in-Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there {Hall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of the said several Articles set forth " in the Schedule or Table marked (C.) hereunto annexed, from Ireland to Great Britain, the several and respeCUve increased Drawbacks, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Words and Figures in the Schedule or Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.): Provided always, that the said increased Drawbacks respectively shall not be paid unkfs and until all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions required by Law, with respect to Drawbacks payable on the Bxportation of the said several Articles set forth in the Schedule or Table marked (C.) hereunto annexed, shall have been fully and duly complied with,

Duties shall be carried to Irish Consolidated Fund, §3. No Fees payable, §4. Duties and Drawbacks shall be managed as under Excise Act 14, 15. r. 2. (/) r. 8, &c, §5. Act may be altered this Session, §6"

The SCHEDULES referred to by this Act,

SCHEDULE (A.)

INCREASED COUNTERVAILING DUTIES of EXCISE payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

Duties.

BEER.

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing thirty-two Gallons, brewed or made

in Great Britain - [o 5 3.]

And so in proportion for any greater or lef* Quantity.

[* it. 11A

44 G- c. 6: Scied. (C.)]

SPIRITS.

for and upon every Gallon of Spirits, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain

- Co 4 Str*] [ if/.

44 .G 3. c. 67; \ Sched.(C)]

SCHEDULE (B.)

INCREASED COUNTERVAILING DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

Duties*

£. /. J.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

61

4

6f

7i

2

3

1

2

o

O lot

0 5t

V l\

SILK MANUFACTURES.

For and upon all Silks, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following Duties, viz.

For and upon every Pound Wright thereof, containing 16 Ounces

Of all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only -

Of all Silk and Ribbons of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver -

Of all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk —

Of all Manufactures of Silk not otherwise enumerated or described -

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn -

Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton -

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted mixed -

Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material -

And so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

[SUGAR REFINED.

Of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following Duties, viz.

For and upon every Hundred Wright thereof containing 1 j alb6.

Of all Sugar called Bastards, Whole or Ground -

Of all Sugar called Lumps -

Of all Sugar called Single Loaf Sugar -

Of all Sugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf -

Of all Sugar called Sugar Candy Brown -

Of all Sugar called Sugar Candy White -

Of all Sugar Refined, of any other Sort -

And so in proportion for any greater or lets Quantity.]) '

SCHEDULE (C.)

INCREASED DRAWBACKS to be paid or allowed on certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence to Great Britain.

[The Amount of these Drawback* is cxaCUy the same as the Amount of the Dutic* in the Tables A* and B.J 44 Geo. III. L CAP.

3

4 7

11

4

11

11

10

84

8

*4

84

2i

[ See new Countervailing Duties in lieu of those 44 (7. J. c. 67- SchecL (C.)]

C. 28.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Duty on Malt made in Ireland 7 s. 7 d. per Erin el.

[ idditional Duty of is, 5d. 44 Geo. 3. c. 67.]

§ 9.<>]

Duty shall be paid under Regulations of \&s 37 G. 3, (I.) c. 33. 40 O- 3. (I.) c. 57. and 43 G.3. c. 98.

and carried to Irish Consolidated Fund.

Drawback on Malt; all the Duties paid:

On Beer 5 s, per Barrel.

[6l. 11 }/.

44 G. 3. c. 67.

Bounty of 1 s.

9 d. per Bai rel on Beer exported when the Price of Bailey (undtr 3, 24 G. 3.

(I.) c. 19.) is udder 13 s. 6d.

No Fees payable at the Treasury.

Brilith Malt may be imported into Ireland by Proclamation under 41 G. 3. (tf.K.) c. 36.

£ Repealed ^4 <7. 3. c. ?Q.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Malt made In Jr elands for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[23d March 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland> in Parliament affetnbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to 'defray your* Majesty's publick Expences in Ireland* have freely and voluntarily rtfolved to give and grant u..ro your Majesty the Duty herein after mentioned; and do most humby beseech your Majesty that it may b iafted/ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of t: .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Author .y of the fame, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be raif d, levied* collected, paid, and satisfied unto and to the Use of his Majesty's his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Malt made in Ireland, the Duty hercir.-after mentioned; that is to say,

For and upon every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, which at any Time or Times from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and live, shall be made of Barley or any othrr Corn or Gram in Iceland by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale, ) th Stirn of leven S ft 'gs and Seven-pence Irish Currency, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by til. Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty by this Act granted shall be raised, levied, c Hefted* and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Time and Term aforesaid, in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and byr such Ways and Means, and according to such Rules, Regulations, and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures in all Respects as are appointed, .hrtfted*. and expressed, for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, and managing his Majesty's Revenue upon Malt* in and by a certain Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for collecting and securing his Majesty's Revenue upon Malt; and in and br a certain other Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to^ atnend and continue the said Act of the thirty-seventh Year; and in and by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend the Acts now in force for securing the Collect ion of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland; and in and by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, in and by the said Acts or either of then* referred unto, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duty hereby granted, (the necessary Charges of collecting and paying the same being deducted, ) shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to every Person who shall export Malt from Ireland, on which the Duty payable thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied, a Drawback of all Duty charged and actually paid thereon; and to every Person who shall export Strong Beer or Ale from Ireland, a Drawback or Allowance of five Shillings Irish Currency, for every thirty-two Gallons of such Strong Beer or Ale, which Drawback shall be paid by the Collector of the Port from which such Malt or Beer or Ale shall be exported* out of any Money in his Hands: Provided that no such Drawback shall be paid or Allowance of Duty made* unless the Persons respectively, who export such Malt or Beer or Ale, shall have performed such Requisites, and complied with such Regulations ana Restrictions as are required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That on ail Strong Beer and Ale, brewed in Ireland, and which shall be (hipyv: d for Exportation to any Place except Great Britain* there (Tull be allowed and paid to the Person or Persons exporting such Strong Beer or Ale, made wholly from Malt the Growth or Produce oI Ireland, when the Price of Barley, ascertaintd in the Manner specified in an Act passed in Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Corn Trade* promoting Agriculture* and providing a regular and Jleady Supply of Corn in this Kingdom and for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors* the Duties therein mentioned* shall not exceed thirteen Shillings and Sixpence Irish Currency, the Barrel, a Bounty of one Shilling and Nine-pence Irish Currency, for every thirty-two Gallons of Strong Beer or Ale; out of such Monies as shall arise from the Duties hereby granted; under the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Securities, Exceptions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeiture* as are enacted with respect to the Bounties on Com exported.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That neither the Sum of Sixpence per Pound, nor any other Fee shall be payable to or be cledufted or received by any Officer or OiTictrs of the Treasury of Ireland* for or on account of the issuing or Payment of arry Sumor Sums of Money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the Aids hereby granted to his Majesty.

VII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Malt made in Great Britain may by Law be imported into Ireland* under and by virtue of any Proclamation issued or to be issued by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* for the Time being, in pursuance of an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, iatituled. An ASfor enabling the Lord Lieutenant* or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time* so as such Prohibition Jhcill not endure beyond the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament* the 1 Exportation from Ireland of Com or Potatoes* and of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit for such limited Time the Importation into Ireland, of Corn and Eifh, and all Provisions whatsoever* without Payment of Doty; and

3 4 M

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III. C. 28 — 31.

for indemnifying such Persons as bdve acted for the Service of the Publicity in advising or carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland; and which. last recited Act, by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, hath been continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; for the removing of such Doubts/ be it therefore declared and enacted, That under and by virtue of any Proclamation made or to be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland in pursuance of the said recited Act, it shall and may be lawful, during the Time such Proclamation is or shall be in force in Ireland, to import into Ireland in Ships owned and navigated by his Majesty's Subjects, any Malt made in Great Britain; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Malt which shall be so imported into Ireland from Great Britain under any such Proclamation, shall nevertheless be subject and liable on Importation thereof, to a Countervailing Duty of seven Shillings and Seven-pence per Barrel; and that no Malt so imported on which such Countervailing Duty shall be duly paid, shall be deemed to be forfeited nor shall be liable to Forfeiture for being so imported; and the Importer or Importers of any such Malt shall, on Payment of such Countervailing Duty as aforesaid, be indemnified against any Fine or Penalty in respect of such Importation \ any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

49 Act may be altered this Session, §9."

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for permitting, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool, (except Cotton Wool), in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that his Majesty by Order in Council, and in Ireland, that the Lord

Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council in Ireland, should be

authorized to permit for a limited Time, the Importation of any Hides or Pieces of Hides, dressed or undressed, Calve Skins or Pieces of Calve Skins, dressed or undressed, Horns or Pieces of Horns, Tallow, and Wool,

4 (other than and except Cotton Wool), to be imported in any Foreign Ship or ^ffel into the United Kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty by Order in Council, and in Ireland, for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland, bjr Order in Council, from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, any Hides, Pieces of Hides, dressed or undressed, Calve Skins or Pieces of Calve Skins, dressed or undressed, Horns or Pieces of Horns, Tallow, and Wool, (except Cotton Wool), to be imported in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, and to be admitted to Entry in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom on Payment of such and the like Duties of Customs and Excise as are due and payable on the like Goods when imported in any British or Irish-built Ship or Vessel; any Thing contained in any Act to the contrary not with (landing*

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when lb imported as aforesaid, shall be subject to all Rules, Regulations, and Conditions, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and subject, if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in force at the Time of the passing of this Act.

CAP. XXX.

An Act tOTevive and continue, until Eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

[23d Alarch 1804.]

The Provisions of 42 G. 3. r. 80, § I. relative to Importation of Foreign, American or 1VJI India Goods in 49 Neutral Vessels, revived, and continued, §1. Persons concerned in issuing Orders of Council for Admission 49 of American Vessels, since said ill January 1804, at London and Liverpool under the Regulations of re-49 cited Act, indemnified, §2."

75

Countervailing Duly on British Mall so imported, 7 s. 7d. per Ban el. [Repealed 44 G. 3. c. 89. §I.J

Hides, &c. may, by Ordet in Council, be imported in Foreign Vessel#,c.

Sufejpet to all Regulations i« Force.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for raising the further Sum of Two Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[23d Alarch 1804.]

[See ante, cap. 15. of this SeJfionI]

C. 32, 33-

4+' GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for empowering Ms Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS divers of his Majesty's Militia Regiments in Ireland\ in order to evince their ardent and

affectionate Zeal for his Majesty's Service, and for the general Interests and Security of the United Kingdom, have, by their Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, voluntarily offered their Services to be employed in Great Britain: And whereas it may materially conduce to the general Interests and Security of the United Kingdom, that his Majesty should be enabled to avail himself of this distinguished Proof of the Attachment and publick Spirit of his Militia Forces of Ireland; 9 be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, or of any other Act or Acts now in Force in Ireland, as prohibits the carrying out of Ireland the Militia Forces thereof, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be suspended, in so far only as may relate to any Part of the said Forces, not exceeding in the Whole ten thousand Men, whom his Majesty may think proper to permit to serve in Great Britain, in consequence of such voluntary Offer as may have been, or during the Continuance of this Act shall be, made by any Men now enrolled, or hereafter to be enrolled in the said Militia to serve in Great Britain during the Continuance of this Act, and duly certified by their Commanding Officers: Provided always, that, previous to certifying such Offer, such Commanding Officer shall have explained to the Persons making the same, that the fame, if made, is purely voluntary on their Parts, and that no Person serving in the Militia of Ireland can be compelled to make such Offer, or to engage to serve out of Ireland, except by his own Consent so signified: Provided also, that no County, City, Town, or Place in Ireland, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be drawn to fill any Vacancy arising from the Death, Desertion, or Discharge of any such Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Soldier, belonging to such Militia Forces, whilst serving out of Ireland.

Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such voluntary Offers of Service as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be binding upon all Persons making the same, during the Continuance of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

4t Continuance of Act, See. 25th March 180$. May be repealed or altered this Session, §3."

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for empowering his Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more effectual Defence of the United Kingdom, to vest in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a discretionary Power, during the present War, to augment the Militia of Ireland be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-

lord Lieiite- mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing rant may order of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ire* Officer* of^li- for the Time being, to issue his Orders to any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Bat-tia to enrol Vo- tJdion of the Militia of Ireland, to enrol and receive into such Regiment or Battalion such Volunteers as shall Huiteers. offer to serve in the said Militia, and such Number as shall be from Time to Time necessary to supply any

Vacancies in the fame, by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge.

II. Provided always, That the Strength of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall not exceed one hundred Rank and File per Company, with the usual Proportion of Commissioned or Non-commissioned Officers; nor shall any additional Company be added to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia.

So much of any Alts as prohibit the carrying Militia (rum Jaeland suspended with refill to 10, 000 Men, whole voluntary Offer to serve in Great Britain his Majesty may accept.

Offer to be voluntary.

No drawing to fill Vacancies while such Force is serving out of

Voluntary Offer Hull be binding.

No Company to exceed 100 Men, nor any Company to be added to any Regiment. Warrants to Commanding Officers shall express the Numbers to be raised.

On receiving Orders, Commanding Officers shall enlist Volunteers, giving them a Bounty, according to direction of Lord Lieutenant, hot exceeding 4l. 4s.

No larger Sum Avail be given than shall be directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, directed to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion, shall specify the precise Number of Men per Company to be enrolled and received into the said Regiment or Battalion.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon such Order or Orders being issued as aforesaid, the several Colonels or other Commanding Officer or Officers of such Regiments shall, from Time to Time, immediately after the Receipt of such Order or Orders, proceed to enlist and enrol within their respective County, or County of a City, such Volunteers, being able-bodied Men, usually resident within such respective Counties, and not being less than five Feet and two Inches in Height, and not more than forty-five Years of Age, as can be procured, giving to each Man, by Way of Bounty, any Sum or Sums, fend in such Proportions, and payable at such Time or Times, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, may from Time to 'J'ime direct, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of four Guineas per Man.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Colonel or other Commanding Officer or Officers of any Regiment of Militia, or tt> or for any other Person or Persons whatsoever on his or their Behalf, to advance or give, or to engage or promise to advance or give, Tor the Purpose of in-

' during

77

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 33.

ducing any Man to enrol himself as a Volunteer, any larger or greater Sum of Money, or any other Largest, Bounty, or Reward, than such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so ordered by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid.

+VI. And be it further enacted, That every Man so enrolled shall take and subscribe the following Oath, in the Presence of some one Governor, Deputy Governor, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate, acting in and for the County, City, or Place, to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, in which he shall be enrolled, shall belong:

+I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Defence of the same, during the Term of five Years, for which I am enrolled, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if, within the space of five Years, his Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Vacancies shall occur in the said Militia by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, it shall and may be lawful for the several Colonels or other Commanding Officers of the several Regiments to procure and enrol, from Time to Time, Volunteers to fill up any Vacancies which shall happen by such Death, Desertion, or Discharge, and to pay to such Volunteer such oum or Sums, and in such Proportions, and payable at such Time or Times, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the Time being, may direct, in Manner aforesaid; and that every such Volunteer enrolled for the Purpose of supplying vacancies as aforesaid, shall respectively take and subscribe the Oath herein-before recited to be taken by Volunteers to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, and in Manner herein before expressed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Volunteers so enrolled, shall, from the Date of their Attestations, be considered and are hereby declared to be Militia Men, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall receive the same Pay, be entitled to the same Allowances, and be subject to all the Laws and Regulations which now are or may hereafter be in Force in Ireland, with respect to any Militia Man who shall have voluntarily enrolled hira-self in the said Militia of Ireland; and that the Wives and Families of such Militia Men shall be entitled to Relief, in all Cases, in the same Manner a9 the Wives and Families of Militia Men arc entitled"under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to make Provision, iri certain Cases* for the Wives and Families of Balloted Men, Subjlilutes* and Volunteers serving in the Militia of Ireland; andlfo, that all and every the Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act in force with respect to the Militia of Ireland\ and in any Act for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, shall be applied to, and extend in as full Force in respect to any Person who shall be enrolled as a Militia Man under and by virtue of the present Act, as to any Person who has been enrolled as such by virtue of the Provisions in any other Act or Acts in force relating to the Militia of Ireland\

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it any Deputy Governor of any County, Town, or City in Ireland, shall happen, previous to the passing of this Act, to have received into the Militia more Men than the Establishment previous to the passing of this Act amounted to, such Men shall be deemed Militia Men to all Intents and Puroofes, and shall be entitled to Pay from the Date of their respective Enrolments, and to the Bounty aforesaid; and shall be set down to the Account of some Parish, Townland, or Subdivision, in like Manner as Persons voluntarily offering themselves to serve are directed to be set down by any Act or Acts in force relating to the Militia of Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or dther Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, to issue his Order or Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland\ requiring them to advance, from Time to Time, any such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, may by such Order or Orders direct, and pay to the several Colonels, or other Commanding Officer or Officers of the different Regiments of Militia in Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rate of four Guineas, for every Private Man that may be from Time to Time so enrolled.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Colonels, or other Commanding Officer or Officers* shall keep or cause to be kept true and regular Entries of the Names, Additions, Places of Residence, Parish, and other Descriptions, of the Persons they shall enrol as aforesaid, and the several Sums they shall advance and pajr to such Persons respectively, and shall transmit regular Copies of such Entries, certified by them respectively, as well as by the Adjutant and Paymaster, or Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps respectively, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go* vemors as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to charge any County, County of a Town, or City in Ireland\ with filling up Vacancies occasioned by the Death, Discharge, or Desertion of such Volunteers as may have been or may be received in the Militia Service under or by virtue of this Act; it being the Intention of this Act that, the Men so enrolled in Addition to the Estabiiffiment of the Militia of Ireland, should be raffed and kept up without any Charge being made on the Counties whatsoever.

t Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §13." ,

Men enrolled shall take tho following

Oath*

Volunteers may be enrolled to fill up Vacancies.

Volunteers so enrolled shall be considered Militia Men.

And their Families iclieved as under 43 G. 3. c. 14*.

Where additional Men have been received previous to this Act, they shall be deemed Militia Men,

Lord Lieutenant may issue Orders to the Treasury to pay Commanding. Officers the Bounties allowed.'

Commanding Officers shall transmk to Chief Secretary Lists of Names of Persons enrolled, and of the Bounties paid.

Counties shall not be charged with Expence of Vacancies, <cc. under this Act.

c. 34. 35-

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

43 G. 3. c. 141.

Fn mi lies of Militia Men in Ireland enrolled before November 1, 1803,

Hial receive the weekly Allowances herein jrucirtimrcH, in-Itead of those under recited

Art.

Weekly Allowance shall not exceed 4s.

Quarter Sessions may order Allowances to be made the Father and Mother,

See. of Militia Men, where it appears they have been sup-ported by his Industry.

Collectors of Excise shall repay Money heretofore advanced rby Treasurers, underrepealed Adb, an Production of a ^Certificate,

Penalty on Neglect 50l. 1

Regulations of

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed In the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to make Provision,

in certain Cases, for the Wives and Famines of balloted Men, Subjlilutes, and Volunteers serving in the 1 Militia of Ireland 2 And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act, so far as relates to the Families of

balloted Men enrolled before the Day. herein after mentioned 5' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Families of all such Men as may have been chosen by Lot to serve, and shall have been enrolled and actually serving in their own proper Persons in the said Militia of Ireland, on or before the first Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be entitled to, and shall receive, during the Absence on actual Service of any such Man respectively, the weekly Allowances following; that is to lay, after the Rate of one Shilling for every Child born in Wedlock and under the Age of ten Years, and of two Shillings for the Wife of such Man, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, provided ftie does not follow the Regiment; which Allowances shall be in lieu of the Allowances in the said recited Act mentioned, and shall be paid in the Manner, and subject to the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations in the said recited Act mentioned and contained, with respect to the Allowances in the said recited Act mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Wife of any Militia Man, so ordered on actual Service, shall not be entitled to the aforesaid Weekly Allowance of one Shilling for each Child, for more than two Children; and in case there shall be no Wife of such Militia Mon living, the weekly Allowance to the Children of such Militia Man shall not exceed the Sum of four Shillings in the Whole.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace in Ireland, where it shall appear to them, by Examination in open Court upon Oath, that the Father or Mother of any such Militia Man so having been chosen by Lot, and so enrolled and serving at or before the Time herein-before mentioned, or any Sifter or Brother of such Man under the Age of ten Years, have been entirely or chiefly supportedby his Industry, and were Part of his Family, resident with him at the Time of his being so chosen by Lot, to order a weekly Allowance to such Man's Family after the Rate of one Shilling for each such Brother or Sister, and of two Shillings for such Father, and two Shillings for such Mother, to be paid in like Manner, and subject to the like Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, as the Allowances to the Wife and Children of such Militia Man are by the said recited Act directed to be paid, exclusive of any Allowance which may have been ordered by virtue of this Act for his Wife or Children, if he shall have any.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Treasurer of any County, County of a Town or City, shall have advanced any Money to the Families of Militia Men, conformable to the Provisions of any of the Acts, or Parts of Acts repealed by the said recited Act; and shall produce to the Collector of his M^efty's Excise for the District in which the Shire Town of such Couatv, or such Town or City whereof he is lYeafurer shall be situate, an Account of the same verified by his own Oath, together with a Certificate from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Militia Man shall have belonged or may belong, setting forth that he has examined the said Account, and believes it to be true, every such Collector shall* within three Months after the passing of this Act, repay the Amount so sworn to and certified to such Treasurer, out of any Publick Money in nis Hands; and the Sums so paid by such Collector shall be allowed t« him in his Accounts, on his producing such Receipt and Certificate; and if any such Collector of Excise (hatt wilfully neglect or refuse to pay the same, and shall be thereof convicted by Presentment or Indictment at the Assizes, or if in the County or City of Dublin in the Court of King's Bench, he shall be fined at the Discretion of the Court, any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisoes, Conditions, and Regulations in the said

43 G-3- c. 14* recited Act mentioned and contained, shall, so far as the same are confident with and applicable to the Provisions in this Act contained, be applied in the Execution of this Act as fully and effectually as if the same .were re-enacted and repeated in this Act.: Provided always, that nothing in the said recited Act contained shall be construed to prevent the Wife or Family of any Militia Man from claiming and receiving any Arrears, which may or might or would have accrued and become due and payable according to the Provisions of this Act* at any Time previous to the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four.

where appH cable extended to this Act.

Arrears of Allowances accruing before May J9 1804, recoverable.

Act may be altered or repealed this Selfiop, §6.1

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand weight hundred and nine 3 to the permitting .Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop

to

A.D. 1804.44° GEORGII III. C. 35 — 37.

to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five.

[3d May 1804.]

44 35 3- c 117* allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, &c. further continued till June 24, 18C9: But

" not to affect the Duties granted by 43 G. 3. c. 68, §1 . — 31 G. 3. c. 26. allowing the Importation of Seal Skins, further continued till June 24, 1809: But not to affect the Duties granted by 43 G. 3. c. 68. and 44 r. 70, §2. — 26 G. 3. c. 41. for the Support of the Greenland Fisheries, and so much of 29 G. 3. c. 53. as relates to those Fisheries, further continued till December 25, 1806, except so much as relates to allowing Vessels to complete the Number of Men at certain Ports, [atto which fee 44 G. 3. c. 23.] §3. — So much of 44 41 G. 3. c. 21. as relates to allowing the Use of Salt Duty free, further continued till March 25, 1809, §4. 44 39 G. 3. c. 105. respecting the carrying on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, further continued till 41 July 5, 1809, §5. — 43 G. 3. r. 68, §39. respecting the Admission to Entry of Fish Oil, &c, taken by British Subjects residing at Newfoundland, further continued till December 25, 1805, 5 6*"

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the Forty-lirft Year of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

[3d May 1804.]

44 41 G. 3. c. 44* recited and continued [rw In Title,] $ 1."

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal, aher, or vary any of the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Tail Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain to befccured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon publick Annuities $ and to extend the Times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges made in pursuance of the said Act* [3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, a3 requires Attorme?, Agents, or Factors, who have received or who shall receive any publick Annuities, or any Share or Dividend thereof, at the Bank of England, South Sea House, Eqfi India House, or Exchequer, belonging to any other Persons resident in Great Britain, to retain in their Hands, and pay the Duty chargeable thereon, or to deliver any Lifts, Declarations, or Statements, in relation thereto, and as imposes any Penalty for neglecting so

to do, should be repealed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as require that any Attorney, Agent, or Factor, who shall receive any publick Annuities, or any Shares or Dividends thereof, either at the Bank of EnglandSouth Sea House, East India House, or Exchequer, belonging to any other Person or Persons, shall retain in his Hands, and pay the Duty chargeable thereon, or shall deliver any List, Declaration, or Statement, in relation thereto, and as imposes any Penalties upon such Attorney, Agent, or Factor, for oeglefttng to return and pay such Duty, or omitting to deliver any such Lift, Declaration, or Statement, shall, in so far as the same relate to Annuities, Shares, and Dividends, belonging to Persons resident in Great Britain, be, and the same are hereby repealed; and all Proceedings which shall or may be bad for the Recovery of any such Penalties shall be null and void: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal the said recited Act, so far as the same relates to any such Annuities, Shares, or Dividends, received by any such Attorney, Agent, or Factor, belonging to any Persons being Subjects of his Majesty, and not resident in Great Britain, or to any Lifts, Declarations, or Statements thereby required to be delivered, or to any Penalties by the said Act imposed in relation thereto.

II. And whereas the Assessments to be made by virtue of the said recited Act art not yet completed, and the Times appointed for examining and surcharging the fame, and for hearing Appeals therefrom, are elapsed; and it is expedient to give further Time for those Purposes, ' be it therefore enacted, That it shall be bwful for the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, from Time to Time, to appoint a Day or Days for hearing Appeals from any Assessment or Surcharge made or to be made by virtue of the said Act, notwithstanding the Times limited by the said Act for hearing such Appeals have elapsed; and the said Commissioners are hereby required from Time to Time to appoint such Day or Days, so long as any such Assessment or Surcharge shall be depending 5 and all Appeals from such Assessments, and all Surcharges thereupon which shall be made prior to the Day or Days so appointed so^ hearing Appeals, and the Proceedings of the Commissioners thereupon, shall be as valid and effectual as if the lame had been made within the Time or Times limited by the said Act.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §3."

79

[*4iG.J. c. 44-J

Not to affect 43 G. 3. c. 13?*

So much of 43 G. 3. c. 122.

[See §77, 80, 92, 126, 128. of that Act,] at requires any Attorney, &c. receiving publick Annuities, ice. for Persons resident in Great Britain, to etain and pay the Duty chargeable thereon, ice. repealed.

Proceedings for Recovery of Penalties void. Not to extend to Attornies for Persons not rest-dent in Great Britain.

Commissioners may appoint Days lor hearing; Appeals, though the Time limited by the recited AlHiaftlapsed.

A.D. 1804.

Heceivm General shall pay Allowances to Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings in England*

Allowances to such Clerks in Scotland, shall be paid as Allowances under 42 G. 3. c. 91.

17*.

Regimental CJeiks in England shall give Security by Bond, to Receiver General,

who shall put Bonds in Suit, and be entitled to 5l. per Cenr. -of the Money recovered.

In Scotland Regimental Cletks shall give Security to Satisfaction of Barons of Exchequer, &c.

39 & 40G.3;

c. 44.

C. 38 — 41. 44° GEORGII III.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for Soldiers.

encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering

[3d May 1804.]

[Until March 25, J 805. — See 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 35. to which this Act isJimilar.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[3d May 1804.]

[^43 G. 3. c. 94. mutatis mutandis, except in §14 and 15 which are as follows .*3

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Receivers General in England, shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance at the Rate of five Pounds and five Shillings for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made, as herein-before directed, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his Majesty's Lieutenant, or from three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings, and shall also pay to each and every of the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate of one round and one Shilling for each Meeting, or such further Allowance as may be made as herein-'before directed, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or De-

K Lieutenants, assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings, which said Order or Orders, certifying the or Days of Meeting, at what Place or Places, and for what Purpose or Purposes the said General and Subdivision Meeting or Meetings have been assembled and held, together with the Clerk's Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so claimed, shall be to the Receivers General in England, respectively a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in their Account; and that the several Allowances to Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings, for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act in Scotland, shall be paid and defrayed in the same Manner in which Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Persons employed in the Execution of an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to raise and establisj a MiMa Force in Scotland, are directed to be paid, for their Trouble and Expences.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, shall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall belong in England, by a Bond to his Majesty, in the Penalty of one Half of the Sum required for the whole Year's Charge for the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall from Time to Time have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him reposed, which said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receivers General in England for the respective Counties, Ridings and Places in England, who, in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, shall, and they and he are and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the full Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgment shall be given against such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receivers General in England, who shall like wife be entitled to and receive to their Use at the Rate of five Pound per Centum out of all such Monies as shall be by them respectively recovered thereon, and shall account for the Residue thereof with the proper Auditor or Auditors of his Majesty's Revenue in England\ as the Case may require; the said Receivers General in England charging themselves therewith upon the next Account to be by them respectively parted; and that the like Surety shall be found by the Clerk of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, belonging to any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to the Satisfaction of the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the due Discharge of his Duty; and that a proper Bond to this Purpose, prepared by his Majesty's Remembrancer in Exchequer, shall be executed by every such Clerk and his Sureties, and deposited in the Office of such Remembrancer in Exchequer; and in case the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk in Scotland shall not duly perform the Conditions comprized in the said Bond, the lame shall be put in Suit by the Receiver General in Scotland, and recovered and accounted for in the same Manner as is above directed in the Case of a Bond being put in Suit in England; and such Bond so prepared by his Majesty's Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

CAP. XL.

An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and oetjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[3d May 1804.]

[See 42 G. c. 64. to which this Act is similar, mutatis mutandis.3

CAP. XLI.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Ser-jeant-Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia, shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[3d May 1804.]

[See 43 G. 3. c. 88* to which this Act isjimilar, mutatis mutandis.]

5

A.D. 1804.

C. 42.

44° GEORGII III.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Forty-second Year of his present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

[3d* May 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and to provide for the due Execution of an Act, made in the Fotty-

W second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws for the better

Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland: And whereas it is in and by the said Act, among other Things, enacted, That all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed which shall be imported into Ireland, shall be detained in his Majesty's Stores at the Place of Import, of in such other Stores as shall be provided for that Purpose, as in the said Act is mentioned, there to remain until it shall be examined and inspected by an Officer, appointed in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Flax.Seed or Hemp Seed shall be imported into Ireland, the Importer thereof, or his Agent, shall, within twenty-four Hours after the landing of the same at the Port of Importation, give Notice in Writing to the Officer appointed at the said Port under the said recited Act, for the Inspection of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported there, of the landing of such Seed, and of the Place where such Seed shall be landed, or shall remain or be deposited; and all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall remain in the Place which shall be mentioned in such Notice, until the same shall be examined and inspected by such Officer in Manner directed by the said recited Act; and if any such Importer, or his Agent, shall neglect to give such Notice, or shall give any false or untrue Notice, or shall remove such Flax Seed or Hemp $eed from the Place mentioned in such Notice, or from the Place where such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall have been actually landed, or shall have been stored pursuant to the said recited Act, before such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be duly examined and inspected in Manner required by the said recited Act, then and in either of such Cases, every such Importer, or his Agent, shall for every such Offence forfeit all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, together with the Calks or Packages containing the fame, or the Price thereof, if fold, and also the Sum of ten Pounds ten Shillings Ir'ish Currency for every Hogshead, Calk, or other Package thereof, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Hogshead, to any Person who shall sue for the same.

II. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act provided, that such Brands or Marks as shall be put on any Calk or Package pursuant to the said Act, shall be of force only till the first Day of July in each Year wherein the same shall have been made, foas to allow the Seed therein contained to be sold or exposed to Sale;

and that for the Purpose of the Re-examination of such Seed, and of again marking or brandingduch Calks or Packag s, the Importers of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, and also Persons felling or dealing in Flax Seed or

Hemp Seed, or who shall mean to fell or deal therein, shall give Notice in Writing to the neared Inspector of the Quantity of Seed in the Possession of such Persons in Manner and at the Times in the said Act particularly mentioned and directed; be it therefore further enacted, That if any Importer of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or any Person felling or dealing in Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or who shall mean to fell or deal therein, shall omit or neglect to give such Notice as by the said Act is required to be given by him for the Purposes aforesaid, at the Times and in Manner as in and by the said recited Act is mentioned and directed, every such Importer or other Person shall forfeit all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, of which such Notice shall not have been given as aforesaid, together with the Calks or Packages containing the fame, or the Price thereof, if fold, cr.d also the Sum of ten Pounds ten Shillings Irish Currency, for every Hogshead, Calk, or other Package thereof, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Hog (head, to any Person who shall sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Dealer in or Seller of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, shall have emptied any Hogshead, Calk, or other Package, branded or marked with the Word Sound, in pursuance of the Directions in the said recited Act contained, and shall have fold thereout all the Seed contained in the same at the Time such Calk or Package was so branded or marked, every such Dealer in or Seller of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall forthwith completely obliterate, erase, expunge, or destroy the said Brand or Mark, and take off and remove the same from such Hogshead, Caik, or Package; and if any such Dealer in Seller of Flax Seed or Hemp Sted shall omit or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed'to seize every such Hogshead, Calk, or Package, found in the Possession of such Dealer in cr Seller of Flax or Hemp Seed; and every such Dealer or Seller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose a Sum not more than forty Shillings nor less than ten Shillings for every such empty Hogshead, Calk, or other Package found in his Possession, from which the said Brand or Mark shall not have been so obliterated, erased, expunged, destroyed, or taken off or removed, to any Person who shall file for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That ail Flax Seed and Hemp Seed shall be imported into Ireland in Hogsheads, Calks, or other Packages, and that all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported shall be inspected or examined, and the Hogsheads, Calks, or Packages in which the same are contained shall be branded or marked, and that all Flax Seed or Henjo Seed unfit for sowing may be exported in Manner directed by the said recited Act: Provided always, that in case the Importer or Owner of any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed so imported, and which shall be seizedor detained under or by virtue of the said recited Act for being bad, mixed, or damnified, or unfit for sowing. shall give Notice in Writing to the Officers seizing or detaining the fame, that he* intends to crush the same into Oil, or to fell the same for being crushed into Oil, and dial I by himself, in case he shall be a Manufacturer of Linseed Oil, or together writh such Manufacturer of Linfced Oil to whom he shall agree to sell the same, for that Purpose enter into Security, within the Time and in Manner required by the said recited Act#, that all such Seed shall be actually crushed into Oil, the Hogsheads, Calks, or Packages, in which any such Seed shall be contained, shall by the said Officer be branded with the Word Unfit; and all such Seed shall and may b? forthwith delivered, notwithstanding such Seizure or Detainer, to the Importer or Owner thereof, or to such Manu-turer of Linseed Oil, on his producing to the proper Officer of the Revenue a Certificate from the Person or

44 Geo. III. M Persons

81

rJ/o r. 69, qj'thi* 6»/7*wi. J

42 G. 3. c. 75.

i§ 3-)

ImpoMei of F.'ax Seed oi Hemp Sc 1 cl flnll give Notice to OTi-cers of lauding Seed, kc.

Penalty for neg-]e£t, Forfeitiiieuf Feed and ten Guininv (Irish Cu: renc\) per Hogshead, Uc.

Penalty for not giving Notice required by

42 O. 7. C. 7?. (§ 8.) of Sted iu Polu (non of Dealers after lft July, Forfeiture cf Seed ansi lol. 1 os. per Hogshead, See.

Per fans felli g Seed Hi d! t ike ' Brands offen.p'y C; ifks.'J

Penally.

Forfeit 11; r a id 403. to 1 o^. per'Hogshead.

Seed Hull be

imported in Hogsheads, 5: c.

Damaged Si cd may be deli vet ed

for ciushing into Oil, on Security, without being d Gained till ifl

My.

42 G. 3.

<75. §3-]

inspector may enter Premise* to examine Seed,

and -mv foize ir, if found contrary to Law.

Penn!rv on concealing Seed, or rdufinp, Adinission to Inspector, first Otfuicc4os. to IOS; zd Offence 5l. to 40s. or Imprisonment.

Justice* may grant Search Warrants.

Semirei shall be forfeited to Trusteeg of Linen Manufactures.

None Hull be admitted Deacon before 13,

C. 42, 43. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Persons who shall have taken such Security, that the same has been duly given as required by Law, and it shall not be necessary to keep or detain such Seed in his Majesty's Stores until the first Day of July then following; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector General of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed in Ireland, duly appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Act, and for any Inspector of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed at any Port or Place in Ireland, duly appointed in Manner aferefaii, within the Port or Dillrift for which he shall be appointed Inspector, at any Time of the Day between Sunrife and Sunset, to enter into all Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouses, or other Places of or belonging to any Person or Persons dealing in Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or having Flax Seed or Hemp Seed in his or their Custody or Possession, or of or belonging to any Person or Persons keeping a Mill or Mills for crushing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed into Oil, and to view, search, and examine the Quantity and Quality of all such Seed which shall be found in any such Store, Warehouse, Mill, Room, Building, Out-house, or other Place, and to seize and take away all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed as shall be there found, kept, or concealed, contrary to Law, or as shall or may be liable to*Forfeiture under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, together with the Hogsheads, Calks, or Packages in which such Seed shall be contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Seller of or Dealer in Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or any Person or Persons keeping a Mill or Mills for crushing Fiax Seed or Hemp Seed into Oil, or any other Person or Persons whosoever having any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, shall refuse or neglect to produce or shew all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, together with the Hogsheads, Calks, or Packages in which the same are contained, and also all empty Hogsheads, Calks, or Packages in the Custody or Possefli: >n of such Seller, Dealer, or other Person, to such Inspector General, or to any other Inspector of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed within the Port or District for which he shall be appointed Inspector, upon Demand made by such Inspector General or Inspector respectively, or shall refuse to permit such Inspector General or Inspector respectively to enter into and search, at any Hour between Sunrife and Sunset, all Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouses, or other Places where any such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be, or in which such Inspector shall suspect any such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to be or to be concealed, every such Person shall for the first Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, and for the second and every other Offence a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, for each and every Hogshead, Calk, or other Package of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed in the Custody or PosseSion of such Person, upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the House of Cotreftion or next Gaol, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month in the Whole, or until such Fine be paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on every such Refusal or on Application made by such Inspector General or other Inspector within the Port or District for which he shall be appointed, to any Justice of the Peace, setting forth, on Oath, a reasonable Cause of Suspicion, or for such his Application, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to grant his Search Warrant to such Inspector General or Inspector respectively, in the Pre fence of a Con liable, or other Person to be appointed by such Magistrate, to enter into all such Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouses, or other Places, and there to search for and seize all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed which shall or may be kept or concealed in such Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouses, or other Places, contrary to Law, which shallor may be liable to Forfeiture under and by vir-tue*of any of the Provisions in the said recited Act or this Act contained.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed which shall or may be seized by any such Inspector General or Inspector respectively, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be forfeited to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, and the Produce thereof shall be applied by them in rewarding such Inspector, or for otherwise promoting the Linen Manufactures, as they shall think proper.

19 Penalties shall be recovered as Penalties respecting the Linen Manufactures, §9. — Powers of 42 G. 3. c. 75. M extended to this Act, §10. — At may be altered or repealed, § n."

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by the Canons of the Churches heretofore of England and Ireland\ now the United Church

W of England and Ireland, it is ordained, ordered, and direted, that no Bishop shall admit any Person into

the sacred Order of a Deacon who is not twenty*three Years old, nor to be a Priest except he be twenty-four9Years compleat: And whereas by the Prefaces to the Forms of Ordination of Priests and Deacons, established

and used by Authority of several Acts of the Parliaments of England and Ireland respectively, it is directed

that none shall be admitted Deacon except he be twenty-three Years of Age, unless he have a Faculty, and

that every Man which is to be admitted a Priest shall be full twenty-four Years old: And whereas, in that

Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the aforesaid Rule respecting the Ages of Persons desiring to be

admitted into Holy Orders has been sometimes di(regarded and rendered of noEffcft, to the great Scandal and f Detriment of the Church, and to the Prejudice of Religion: For the better Prevention whereof for the future,

and also in order that one certain and undoubted Rule and Course of Practice may hereafter prevail and be

observed in this Respect in England and Irelandr, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall be admitted a Deacon before he shall have attained the Age of three and twenty Years compleat, and that

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 43 — ^47*

no Person shall be admitted a Pried before he shall have attained the Age of four and twenty Years conipleat: And in case any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be admitted a Deacon before he shall have attained the Age of three and twenty Years compleat, or be admitted a Pried before lie shall have attained the Age of four and twenty Years compleat, that then and in every such Case the Admission of every such Person as Deacon or Priest respectively, shall be merely void in Law as if such Admission had not been made, and the Person so admitted shall be wholly incapable of having, holding, or enjoying, or being admitted to any Parsonage. Vicarage, Benefice, or other Ecclesiastical Promotion or Dignity whatsoever, in virtue of such hia Admission as Deacon or Priell respectively, or of any Qualification derived or supposed to be derived therefrom: Provided always, that no Title to confer or present by Lapse shall accrue by any Avoidance or Deprivation, tpfo fido, by virtue of this Statute, but after six Months Notice of such Avoidance or Deprivation given by the Ordinary to the Patron.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be cor.ftrued to extend, to take away any Right of granting Faculties heretofore lawfully exercised, and which now be lawfully exercised by the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of Armagh.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the iaft Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Pa fingers from the United Kingdom to his Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Nurhber such Paffmgers, should not be applied to Vessels going to or returning from Newfoundland and the Coaff of Labrador, having Persons on board concerned in the Trade and Fishery thereof; and it might be very

prejudicial to the said Fishery and Trade, if the Provisions of the said Act should be enforced with regard to such Vessels: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's nod Excellent Majesty, by and with*he Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act shall be deemed and taken to apply to any Ships or Vessels, for which a Clearance shall be demanded out of any Port or Place of the United Kingdom, carrying Passengers to the Island of Newfoundland, or to the Coaff cw Labrador, or to the Banks of Newfoundland, to be employed in the Trade or Fishery thereof, or returning from the said Island of Newfoundland, the Coail of Labrador, or the Banks of Newfoundland, with Passengers who have been so employed; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for raising the Sum of eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[3d May 1804.]

4< Treasury authorised to raise 8, eoo, oooo/. by Loans and Exchequer Bills, (on the same Terms as under preceding €t A3.) r. 15. — Bank of England authorized to advance 2, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act, §6."

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[3d May 1804.]

t Treasury authorised to raise (before January 5, 1805, ) 1, 500*000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills as under 4* Malt Act of this Session, c. 16, §1, 2. — Interest 3\d. per Centum per Diem, §3. — Such Bills (liaU not be received in Payment of Taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1805, §4. — Charged on the first Supplies of next Session, §5. — Bank of England authorized to advance the said Sum, §6."

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by .Way of Annuities. £ 16th May 1804 ]

Every Contributor of 100l. shall be entitled to a Principal of 100l. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced, from 5th 44 April, and 82l. in the 3per Cent. Consols, from 5th January 1804, § I."

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duty granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An ASfor granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definite Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits atifng from the Property, Profefions, Trades, and Offices, shall not be charged upon the Half Year's Dividend arising on the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, of so much of the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, granted by this Act, as shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England on or before the eighteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, being the Day appointed by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for doling the Accounts of the said three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, previous to the Payment

83

nor Priest before 24.; nor capable of holding a Benefice; but Title by Lapse shall not accrue without Notice.

Saving of Right of granting Faculties.

3 0.3. c. 56.

Settled A shall not apply to Vessels carrying Passengers to or from the Pilhery at New* found land, &c.

Duty granted by 43 G. 3 c. 122. shall not be charged on the Half Year's Di-vidends, herein specified, kc.

84 C. 47 — 49. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

of the Half yearly Dividend thereupon that will become due on the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; nor upon the Half Year's Dividend payable on the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, of so much of the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, created by this Act, as shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England on or before such Day a3 shall be appointed by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for closing the Accounts of the said three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, previous to the Payment of the Halt yearly Dividend thereupon, that will become due on the tenth Day of October One thousand tight hundred and four.

Treasury may remit to Ireland Part of the Loan, not exceeding 4, 500, 000l. §20. (to be provided for in Ireland\ §12.) — Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony, without Clergy, 44 §25. — Bank shall continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease, §26. [&* 41 G. 3.

44 (U.K.) c. 3. to which this Act is similar, mutatis mutandis.3*1

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

[16th May 1804.

Sum to be raised 1, 250, 000l. Irish Currency, being 1, 153, 846l. 3l. id. Sterling. Contributors foreveny ico I. Irish Currency shall be entitled to the Principal Sum of 112 /. 7 /. 3d. in Annuities at 5l. per Cent. 44 Interest, to commence on 25th March 1804, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, Sec. or, at their Option, be entitled to Debentures from the Irish Treasury for 100l. bearing a like Interest, §1. — Annuities and Interest shall be paid Half-yearly on September 29 and March 25, lAc. §5. — Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, or forging Debentures, guilty of Felony, without Clergy, §20. [Sr* 42 G. 3. c. 58* 44 to which this Act isJimilar, mutatis mutandis.]"

The additional

Duties, and also the Drawbacks mentioned in the Schedule annexed, shall he paid and allowed.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to Iris Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain.

[16th May 1804.]*Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray the Expences of the just and necessary War in which your Majesty js engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, ta and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, "mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule, over and above all other Duties of Excise now payable to his Majesty; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the fame, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed j and the same shall commence and take Effect from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedule.

" Duties shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise, m England and Scotland\ 41 §2. — Duties and Drawbacks under this Act shall be levied and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks, 44 §3. — Duties and Drawbacks shall be proportionate to the actual Quantity, §4. — Additional Duties shall be estimated on Wine in Stock, found on the first actual Survey ^fter 30th April 1804, and paid by three ln- ftalments, on 5th January and 5th July 1805, and 5th January 1806, §5. — Foreign Wine in Stock Tor which the additional Duty shall have been paid on Importation shall not be charged, nor any Stock found on Survey not to exceed 252 Gallons, §6. — Prize Wine taken out of Warehouses and fold for Home Consumption shall be subject to the additional Duties, §7. — A Drawback of the Duties shall be allowed on Wine shipped for Naval Officers, §8. — The Amount of the additional Duties may be added to Winecon- trafted for, §9. — Penalty for obstructing Officers, under this Act, 200l. §10. — Penalties may be recovered and applied as under former Acts, §11. — Duties shall be paid into, the Exchequer, and kept separate, and shall be applied as shall be voted by the Commons, §12. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §13. 44 — Continuance of Act [as in Title], §14. [See 43 Geo. 3.. 81# for similar Clauses at length.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties herein specified and all other Duties thereon that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not have been paid, before the 30th Day of April 1804, or which on the 30th Day of April 1804, AwN be remaining in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault, or Cellar, under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise -

8

Duty. £. s. d.

1118 6 For

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 49 — 52. 85

WINE, continued. Duty.

£. 1. d.

For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) imported into Great Britain* for which all the Duties herein specified and all other Duties thereon that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not be paid before the 30th Day of April 1804, qr which, on the 30th Day of April 1804, be remaining in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault, or Cellar, under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs of Excise, or in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been or shall be lodged or deposited under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-first. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit Portugal Wine to le landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties binder certain Restrictions for a limited Time - 7 19 0

For every Tun of French Wine which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 30th Day of April 1804, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine — — 11 18 6

For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 30th Day of April 1804, in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Seilers of Foreign Wine - 7190

DRAWBACK.

For every Tun of Foreign Wine, which shall be exported to Foreign Parts, by Way of Merchandize, from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers of such Wine, the Whole of the Duties by this Act imposed respectively.

CAP. L.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy Completion of the Efta- 43 G. 3. c. 3?, blishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

[16th May 1804.]

CAP. LI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Brifaith while disembodied. [ 16th May 1804.]

[Continuance of Act 25th March 1805. See 43 G. 3. c. 72. to which this Act isprccifely similarft

34 O. 3* e. -4. §3, 4.respecting the Highways in England.

CAP. LII.

An Act to alter and amend fi>much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty* [16th May 1804.]

WHEREAS by an, Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

4. An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

respecting the publicl Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That any Person or Persons, liable to perform Statute Duty may compound for the fame, by paying to the Surveyor of the Highways such certain Sums of Money as the Justices at a Special Session of the Peace shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable,

not exceeding the Sums therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the Sums so to be paid by Persons desirous of compounding for Statute Duty, should be increased in the Proportions herein after mentioned 5* be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the thirty-fourth So much of rt-

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Pc/fons deiirous of A<a M re-

compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. Amount of

Competition for Statute Duty repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons liable How Compofi-to perform Statute Duty, by fending one or more Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Plough or Ploughs, with Men, Horses, or Oxen, in Manner, in the said recited Act of the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign mentioned, shall and may compound for the fame, if he, she, or they shall think fit, by paying to the Surveyor of the Highways, at the Time and in the Manner in the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Justices of the Peace for the Limits wherein the Parish, Township, or Place, for which the said Duty is liable to be performed, is situate, or the major Part of them, at their Special Session to be held in the first Week after Michaelmas Quarter Session in every Year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding twelve Shillings nor less than three Shillings for each Team, Draught, or Plough, for each Day; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the Sum of six Shillings, for and in lieu of every Day's Duty for each Team, Draught, or Plough; and for each Cart with two Horses or Beasts of Draught, not exceeding eight Shillings nor less than three

Shillings;

lion for Statute Duty shall in future be ascertained and paid, and to what Amount.

86

From June I,

1604, there shall be paid the additional Duties inserted in annex*ed Tables, (A.) mnd(B.); and the 1) 1 aw backs inserted in Table (A.) and (B.) shall be allowed. Additional Duties shall not lie charged on Cotton Wool, Wine, Tea, nor certain Deals.

43 G. 3, c. 70.

Additional Bounty on refined Suenrexported, ia| per Ceif, >nAmount ot' lotmer Bounty.

410. 3. c. 70. f ic.

Additional countervailing Duties 00 refilled

C, S3* 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Shillings; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the Sum of four Shillings; and for each Cart with one Horse or Bead of Draught, not exceeding six Shillings nor lets than two Shillings; and in dc-fault of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the Sum of three Shillings.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and

Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, within Great Britain.

[18th May 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loynl Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray the Expences of the

jud and necessary War in which your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successore, in ready Money, (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried Coaltwile, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, the several additional Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively infirted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.); and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs as the lame are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Tables marked (A.) and (13.); any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the additional Duties of Customs, granted by this Act, shall not be charged or payable on any Cotton Wool, Wine, or Tea, or on any Fir Timber eight Inches Square, or not exceeding ten Inches Square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence; nor on any Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being eight Feet in Length and not above ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding one Inch and an Half in Thickness; nor on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty % during the present IVar, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

Duties under this Act shall be paid on all Goods (except imported by the East India Company) not entered, and on which the former Duties have not been paid or secured by Bond, although imported before June t, 44 1804. But not if such Duties shall have been ftc.ured by Bond before that Day, §3, 4* — Additional Duties not payable if the Duties due on Importation shall have been secured by Bond by June I, 1804. — Duties under this AG (except on Goods imported by the East India Company), shall be payable on Goods renaain- ing in Warehouses under his Majesty's Locks, on June 1, 1804, but shall not be charged till taken out for Home Consumption, §5. — Duties under this Act shall be payable on all Goods imported by the East India Company, (Cotton Wool, Wine, and Tea, excepted), which shall be sold at their publick Sales after June 1, 1804, §6. — Additional Duties may be secured by Bond, in the same Manner as former Duties, §7."

VIII. And whereas it is expedient on account of the additional Duty by this AG imposed on Sugar imported into Great Britain, that an additional Bounty should be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of refined Sugar produced from Sugar of the British Plantations, or from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and on which Sugar the Duties of Customs, payable thereon at the Time of the Importation thereof, shall have been duly paid; be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of any such refined Sugar, and which shall have been prepared from Sugar on which the Duties of Customs payable at the Time of the Importation of such Sugar shall have been duly paid, an additional Bounty, to be calculated at and after the Rate of twelve Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds in Money on the Produce and Amount of whatever Bounty may be due and payable on any such refined Sugar respectively by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the Exportation thereof, exclusive of the Produce and Amount of the additional Bounty on such Sugar, granted by an AG of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the prefrit War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain: Provided always, that the additional Bounty by this AG granted shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar which shall be entered for Exportation before the thirteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; and that the said additional Bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar, which shall not have been actually flapped for Exportation within six Weeks after the Expiration of this present AG.

m This AG shall not attcG the Provisions of AGs for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ § 0. 43 G. 3.

44.68, #4.]"

X. And whereas an additional Duty of Customs on Sugar imported into Great Britain is by this AG imposed; And whereas it is just and reasonable in respect thereof, and pursuant to the Provisions contained m

the

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 53.

the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that additional Duties of Customs should be charged

00 all refined Sugar, bc*n£ of the Manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, suffi-

cie it to countervail the additional Duty on the raw Material by this Act imposed be it therefore further ena<5hd. That, from and after the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be charged on any reiined Sugar, being of the Manufacture of Ireland\ and imported from thence into Great Britain, the several additional countervailing Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (C.)

" Countervailing Duties to be managed in like Manner as former Countervailing Duties on refined Sugar* " Sec. § xi."

XII. 1 And whereas it is just and reasonable, on Account of the additional Duty of Customs by this Act

charged on Su^ar i nported into Great Britain, that additional Drawbacks or Bounties should in respect there-

of be paid and allowed on refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland, 9 be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the thirteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be paid and allowed, on the Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall have been prepared from Sugar of the Produce of the British Plantations, or from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on which Sugar the Duties of Custorm payable at the Time of the Importation thereof shall have been duly paid, the several and respective additional Drawbacks or Bounties as the same are respectively inserted, defenbed, and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked (D.): Provided always, that the said additional Drawbacks or Bounties respectively shall not be paid or allowed unless all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions required by any A Cl or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, with respect to Drawbacks or Bounties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of any refined Sugar, are duly complied with.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said additional Bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar which shall be entered for Exportation to Ireland before the thirteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; and that the said additional Bounty shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar which shall not have been actually shipped for Exportation to Ireland within six Weeks after the Expiration of this present Act.

Duties shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scot- /and, §14. — Duties and Drawbacks under this Act shall be levied, and allowed in all respects as former Duties and Drawbacks, unless hereby altered, §15. — Duties shall be paid into Exchequer separate from other Du- ties, and applied to such Services as shall be voted by the House of Commons, §16. — Limitation of Actions, three Calendar Months; Venue in the County. General I flue. Treble Costs, §17. — Continuance of Duties, " las in Title,] §18. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §19."

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or ckferibed, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies:

Also, of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port, within Great Britain.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Raisins of all Sorts, for every £. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon (except as herein after mentioned), an act- £ d. £. s. d.

dition?! Duty of - Sugar, for every £. ico of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon (except as' herein after mentioned), an additional 25 O 0

Duty of - All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for every £. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon (except as 12 10 0 12 10 0

herein after mentioned), an additional Duty of — — Except, - Cotton Wool. Tea. Wine. — Wood, viz. Deals, above seven Inches in Width, being eight Feet in Length, and not above ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding one and a Half Inch in Thickness. 3 12 10 0 Wood,

7

Sugar imported from Ireland.

[5« Sc hedule

1C)]

Additional Drawbacks or Bounties on British refined Sugar exported to Ireland. [&r Sctteri. (D.).l [Query? Re- fined Sugar of J

Commencement and Continuance of Additional Bounty.

C. 53. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, continued. £' d.

Fir Timber, being eight Inches Square and not exceeding ten Inches Square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence. These additional Duties are not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Rat ifcation of a Defnitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain. See the Act to which this Table is annexed, §2.

COASTWISE.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, for every/*. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein after mentioned, ) an additional Duty of -

NOTE.

Coals, videlicet,

- used for smelting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for the draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall.

This Additional Duty on such Coals shall be repaid in like Manner as the other Duties on Coals so used; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which those Duties shall be so repaid, fee9/Inn. c. 6. 14 Geo. 2. c. 41.

- used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle.

This additional Duty on Coals so used shall be repaid in like Manner as the other Duties on such Coals are directed to be allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament whatever; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictiuns, under which those Duties shall be so repaid, fee 26 Geo. 3. c. 104.

- used for any Purpose relating to carrying on the Works for the manufacttiring of Tin Plates, and for other Purposes at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works.

This additional Duty on Coals so used, shall be repaid under the Conditions, Regulations, Limitations, and Restrictions, directed by the 35 Geo. 3. c. 39. and 43 Geo. 3. c. 70.

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shipped Coastwise, at any Port in Great Britain, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid. This additional Duty on such Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shall be repaid in like Manner as the other Duties on Cinders, Coals, and Culm, so shipped and delivered; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the said Duties shall be so repaid, fee 25 Geo. 3. c. 54.

This additional Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port in Great Britain is not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An /let for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, IVares, and Merchandise, and on the Term age of Ships and Vffels in Great Britain. See the Act to which this Tabic is annexed, §2.

Duty. £. s. d.

12 10

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Duty. Drawback.

Sugar, for every*£. 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, (except as hercio-after mentioned), an additional Duty of — All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for every/*, 100 of the Produce and £ ' 12 10 O £. d 12 IO O

Amount

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. S3. 5+

89

TABLE (B.) — Continued. Duty, Drawback.

Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein after £ tk £.. i.

mentioned), an additional Duty of - Except, - Cotton Wool. Tea. Wine. These additional Duties are not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the last Session 12 10 0

of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain. See the Ad to which this Table is annexed, §2.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of Additional Counter trailing Duties of Customs, payable on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain

Sugar refined, viz.

- Bastarda, whole or ground, the Hundred Weight

--Lumps, the Hundred Weight -

- Single Loaf, the Hundred Weight —

- Powder Loaf and double Loaf, the Hundred Weight

- Sugar Candy, viz.

- Brown, the Hundred Weight —

- White, the Hundred Weight —

Sugar refined of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

Duty*

£. s. A.

- 02 6

- o 4 U

- 050

- o 5 4i

- 048*

- o 5 4f

- o 54*

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of Additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refilled Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland.-[The Articles and Sum are the same precisely as in Schedule (C.),]

CAP. LIV.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

' Cjth June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, W An Act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services: And whereas an Act was passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland; and for fmbjeBing to Military Discipline, during the War, fuel Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps cf Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Buglemen serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly Rate; and for the further Regulation of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps: And whereas an Act was passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain and amend two Acts, passed in the forty-second and forty-third Tears (f the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps m Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that all the Provisions of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, should be consolidated in one

Act; and that further Provisions should be made for the Regulation of such Corps and Persons serving

therein respectively: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Co much of the said recited Acts, as relates to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, or levying any Fine or Penalty incurred before the passing of this Act.

4t Persons entitled to any Exemption under repealed Acts shall have the Benefit thereof until the Period, for f* the First Return under this Act, §2." See §9.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to continue the Services of all Corps of Yeoman 1^ Volunteers accepted before the pafimjj^of this Act, and also to accept the Services of any

42 G. 3. c. 66.

43 G. 3. c. rtf. and

44 G. j. c. recited.

So much of re* cited Alts as relates to Grrai it ntam repealed*

His Majesty may continue the Sendees of Corps accepted

90 C. 54. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

before this Act, and accept ibe Services of any formed after, and may dif-band or discontinue their Service*.

Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers that may be formed after the passing thereof, such Corps respectively being formed under Officers having or who shall have Commissions either from his Majesty or any Lieutenant of a County, or any other Person or Persons who may be specially authorized by his Majesty for that Purpose, as to his Majesty may seem proper, upon such Terms and Conditions, and under and according to such Rules and Regulations as have been approved by his Majesty, in regard to such Corps whose Services have been accepted before the passing of this Act, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and under and according to such Rules and Regulations with regard to such Corps whose Services shall be accepted after the passing thereof, as to his Majesty may hereafter seem fit and proper;and to disband or discontinue the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers now formed or hereafter to be formed respectively, or of any Parts of such Corps, whenever it may seem expedient to his Majesty so to do: Provided always, that the Services of all Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers aocepted before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to be continued under the Provisions thereof, unless his Majesty shall signify his Intention of disbanding or discontinuing the Services of any such Corps, by any Order to be communicated by his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State.

Services of Corps accepted before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to be continued till Order for dilbar.ding. Effrltive Members of Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps Dull be exempt from Service in the $4ilitia or other additional Force, but not to ^xtend to Corps whose Offet s spectfied that such Exemption would not be claimed, or to a greater Number than the Establishment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled or to be enrolled, and serving as an effective Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain, and who shall be duly returned or certified as such under this Act, shall be exempt from being liable to serve personally, or to provide a Substitute in the Militia of Great Britain, or in any additional Force raised or to be raised for the Defence of the Realm and more vigorous Prosecution of the War, under any Act or Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or under any Act or Acts of the present or any future Session of Parliament, and from supplying any Vacancies therein, and shall remain so exempted so long as he shall continue to be, and be returned or certified to be, an effective Member, in Manner by this Act required, and no longer: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to entitle any Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, to any Exemption mentioned in this Act, in any Case in which, in the Offer or Acceptance of Service of such Corps, it shall have been specified that such Exemption would not be claimed by or allowed to the Members thereof; or to entitle any greater Number of Persons in any Corps, to any Exemptions under this Act, than shall have been or PaaU be allowed as the established Number of such Coi^s.

To be deemed effective Members Persons shall attend four Days if Cavalry, and eight if Infantry, in each four Months, &c.

Where Arms or Accoutrements have not been yet supplied to Coips, Members having attended Mutter may be rammed effective.

Commanding Officers may grant Leave of, Absence to Persons who shall be entitled to Exemption as effective, if they attend duly within 8 Months.

How Members Attending the full Humber of 12. Days if Cavalry, or 24 if Infantry, though not in equal Proportions each Period of four Months shall be entitled to Ea-empiion.

' V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed, construed, or taken to be an effective Member of any Corp9 of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or shall be returned or certified as such by any Commanding Officer under this Act, or be entitled to any Exemption, under any of the Provisions thereof, who shall not have duly attended, properly armed and accoutred, and mounted if Cavalry, at the Muster or Exercise of the Corps to which he belongs, if Cavalry four Days, if Infantry eight Days, at the leall, in the Course of the four Months next preceding each Return made under this Act; unless he shall have been absent with Leave, under the Provisions of this Act, or shall have been prevented by actual Sickness, such Sickness to be certified by some Medical Practitioner, or otherv/ife proved to the Commanding Officer of the Corps to his Satisfaction; nor unless such Person shall be returned or certified by his Commanding Officer, in Manner directed by this Act, as an effective Member, and as having taken the Oath of Allegiance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, heretofore accepted or hereafter to be accepted, requiring any Arms or Accoutrements at the Expence of his Majesty, shall not have been supplied with such Arms or Accoutrements in sufficient Time to have enabled ihe Members thereof, or of any Part or Proportion of any such Corps, to have attended properly armed and accoutred at Muster and Exercise, according to the Provisions of this Act, every Member of such Corps who shall have duly attended Muster and Exercise, although without Arms or Accoutrements, shall nevertheless be deemed and taken to be, and may be returned or certified to be, an effective Member thereof, in like Manner as if he had so attended properly armed and accoutred.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in any Case in which, on Application made for that Purpose, it shall appear to him proper to grant Leave of Absence to any effective Member of such Corps, who may be prevented from attending in any Period of four Months the Number of Days of Muster and Exercise required by this Act, to grant such Leave, and to return or certify such Person so absent in the next Return or Certificate; and every such Person shall in such Case continue entitled to Exemption as an effective Member; provided he shall in the succeeding four Months attend such Number of Days of Muster and Exercise, as will complete the full Number of eight Days Attendance if Cavalry, or sixteen Days if Infantry, in the whole Period of eight successive Months; and in default of having so attended eight Times if in the Cavalry, or sixteen Times if in the Infantry, in such eight successive Months, he shall be ffruck out of the Lift of effective Members, and returned in the Mutter Roll as Non-effective, and shall be no longer entitled to any Exemption under this Act, while fb returned.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any effective Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall have attended at the usual Muster and Exercise thereof, the full Nuntber of twelve Days if Cavalry, and twenty-four Days if Infantry, within any Period of four successive Months, commencing from any Day appointed by this Act for making a Return, or within any two successive Periods of four Months caen commencing as aforesaid, every such Person Audi hi such Case continue entitled to Exemption, and shall be returned as an effective Member for the Periods for which he would have been entitled to Exemption, and to be returned as an effective Member in case he had, within such first Period of four Months, attended at the^ Muster and Exercise of such Corps four Days if Cavalry, and eight Days if Infantry* and the like Number of Days in each of the two succceding Periods, according to the Provisions of this Act,

6 IX. And

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

a 54* 91

IX. And be it further enacted, that all Officers commanding Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers shall, on the first Day of July, and the first Days respectively of August and December succeeding the passing of this Act, and on the first Days respectively of Aprils August, and December, in every succeeding Year, or within fourteen Days after such Days respectively, make Returns to the Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), for the Use of the Lieutenants of their respective Counties; and certify the same to be true, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and every such Commanding Officer shall in every such Return specially state the Number of Men on the Establishment, and also the Number of Supernumeraries allowed in such Corps 5 and shall also distinguish in every such Return the Effective from the Non-effective Members of such Corps, and shall also state the Names of all such Persons as have been admitted into, and also all such as have joined their respective Corps since the last Day appointed by this Act for making a Return, and the Names of all Persons absent on Leave as aforesaid, and also the Names of all Persons who shall have been discharged from or shall have quitted such Corps since the last Return; and shall also in all Cases where any Exemptions are allowed under this Act, distinguish the Persons entitled to Exemptions from such as are not entitled thereto, either by reason of the Number of Men inrolled in such Corps exceeding the allowed Establishment thereof, or otherwise; and shall, in all Cases where any Arms required by any such Corps at the Expence of his Majesty shall not have been supplied, state such Circumstance specially at the Foot of the Return; and shall also at such Periods as aforesaid make to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, and to the General Officer commanding the District (when any such shall be appointed, ) accurate Returns of their respective Corps, specifying the Numbers of Effective and Non-effective Men in their Corps at the Time of making such Returns; and all such last mentioned Returns shall be made as near as may be according to the Description of the Corps, in the Form in which Monthly Military Returns arc usually made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and he is hereby required, at the Time of returning every Muster Roll of his Corps, to give to every effective Member thereof, who shall be resident, or liable to be ballotted for the Militia or any othfcr such additional Force as aforesaid, in any other County than that in whifch such Muster Rolls shall be returned, and who shall require the fame, a Certificate, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.); and such Certificate shall, on Delivery thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the County where such Person shall reside or be liable to any such Ballot, entitle such Effective'Member to his Exemptions from Service under this Act, as effectually as if he had been returned to the Lieutenancy of the County in which he shall reside or be liable to be ballotted as aforesaid, in a Muster Roll under this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Field Officers and Adjutants of Volunteer Corps, and every Person serving in any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, who shall be returned in any such Muster Roll, or be certified as aforesaid, as an effective Member thereof, and as having used any Horse, Mare, or Gelding for such Service during such Days of Muster and Exercise as aforesaid, and every Person providing a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for any other Person serving as an effective Member in any such Corps who shall be returned as effective, and as having used such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for such Service during such Days of Muster and Exercise, shall be exempt from the Payment of any Duties in respect of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, so long as such Horse, Mare, or Gtiding, shall be so used by an effective Member as aforesaid; and every Person enrolled and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry, who shall be returned in any such Muster Roll under this Act, as an effective Member thereof, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duty chargeable in respect of such Person wearing Hair Powder, so long as he shall continue an effective Member of such Corps: Provided always, that every such Exemption from Duty as aforesaid, shall be returned and claimed Hi the Manner in which Exemptions are directed to be returned and claimed by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conJlru3ed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Personsfelling Carriages by Au8ion or on Commission: Provided also, that the Commanding Officer of every such Corps shall, before the fifth Day of July succeeding the passing of this Act, and between the fifth Day of April and the fifth Day of May, in every succeeding Year, deliver or cause to be delivered to any Surveyor or Inspector of Taxes of the District wherein such Corps shall be enrolled, or of any adjoining District, a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and in case the same shall be a Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and any of the Horses, Mares, or Geldings, used by any effective Member thereof for Service therein, shall be provided by any other Person or Persons, such Commanding Officer shall also insert in such Certificate; the Names of the several Persons who shall provide any such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and shall also annex to such Certificate, Affidavits of the several Persons serving in such Corps, for whom any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, shall be provided, declaring respectively by whom the farte are provided; and every Person claiming to be exempted from the said Duties shall be charged and chargeable thereto, unless such Certificate as aforesaid, and also such Affidavits in Cases where the same are hereby required, shall have been delivered pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; which Certificates made up, returned, and certified, according to the Form thereof in the said Schedule marked (E.) shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for the Purpose of proving such Claims to Exemption as aforesaid: Provided always, that if from any Variation of Circumstances or other Reason, the said Forms hereby required cannot be strictly adhered to, any Instruments of a similar Import may nevertheless be admitted and received in Proof as aforesaid, at the Discretion of the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the above-mentioned Act of the last Session of Parliament for the District wherein such Corps shall be enrolled; and when so admitted and received, shall be as valid for the Purposes afore-firid, as if a Certificate and Affidavit had been delivered according to the Directions of this Act.

N 2 XII. Provided

Commanding Officers shall make Returns of their C01 ps every Month* to Clerks of Gene al Meetings of their respective

Counties.

Commanding Officers shall give Certificate* to effective Men refusing in other Counties which shall entitle them to Exemptions there.

Field Officer* and Adjutants of Volunteer Corps, and Pei suns serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Ca-vahy exempted* from Duty for Horses used at Muller and Exercise, and also Persons providing them; and all effective Members of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps from the Hair Powder Duty. 43 G. 3. c. 161. §36. and Schedules (I.) and (M.)

Commanding Officers shall d< liver annua) Certificates to the Surveyor of the District and infer therein the Names of Persons providing horses for others, and Affidavits of the Persons so furnished therewith shall be annexed in Form in Schedule (E.) or (orae similar

Fprm.

92

The Commanding Officer (halt certify in the Muster Rolls that the Corps has been, or has been ready to be, inspected. No Toll to be demanded for Horses ridden by Volunteers going to Exercise, &c.

Clerks of the General Meetings shall trans-nait Extracts ot Muster Roll* to the Subdivision Clerks, and Abftia&s to the Secretary of State.

Penalty for Neglect, &c.

50 k

Penalty on Commanding Officers making false Returns or giving false Certificates tool.

In fixing the Proportions of Men to serve in Militia, Sec. Persons exempted shall be deduced, and the Quotas apportioned accordingly, Sec*

Persons enrolled in the Yeomanry or Volunteers not exempted from Ballot; but Notice shall be given to such as are chosen, who shall be liable to serve on quitting the Corps, Jtc.

Persons ba*-loiled, continuing to serve in Yeomanry or Volunteer C©rp«

C. 54. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Members of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer* shall he entitled to any Exemption under this Act, unless the Commanding Officer thereof shall, at the Times of transmitting the Muster Rolls in Manner directed by this Act, certify at the Foot thereof that such Corps ha* been inspected, at lead once in the Space of the preceding four Months, by some General or Field Officer of his Majesty's Regular Forces 5 or if such Inspection shall not have taken place, that such Corps has been ready and willing to he so inspected at its usual Place or Places and Times of Meeting.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate or Bar for any Horses, Mares, or Geldings, rode by any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or by any Field Officer or Staff Officer of Volunteers, in going to any Place for the Purpose of Exercise, or returning therefrom; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the Contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that every such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and have his Arras and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps at the Time of claiming such Exemption from Toll as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the General Meetings of the several Counties in Great Britain shall, within ten Days after they shall receive such Certificate and Returns as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, Extrads therefrom, containing the Names of the Persons in each Sub-division returned therein as effectice Members; and shall also, three Times in every Year, transmit to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, Abstracts, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.) of the several Muster Rolls so sent to them respectively under this Act; which Abstracts shall express the Names of the several Corps, the Number of Persons enrolled and serving in each Corps, and the Number of such Persons therein as are exempted from serving in the Militia or other additional Force respectively; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to transmit such Abstracts as aforesaid, of all the Returns received by him, within six Weeks after the Period prescribed by this Act for making Returns, or shall knowingly or wilfully transmit any false Abstracts, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pound*, to be recovered a* any like Penalty may be recovered under any Acts relating to the Militia, and to go to and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers as aforesaid, who shall knowingly make any false Return of any Muster Roll of such Corps, or give any false Certificate under this Act, (h5l forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds; to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Acts relating to the Militia, and to go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of every County, when they fix at any General Meeting the Proportions of Men to serve in the Militia, or any such additional Force, for the several Hundreds or other Divisions, shall dedud the Number of Yeomanry and Volunteers exempted as aforesaid from the Number of Persons liable to the Ballot, and apportion the Quotas for the several Divisions accordingly; and the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings shall in like Manner apportion the Quotas for the sevend Parishes, Tythings, and Places: Provided always, that when a greater Number of Men are actually serving for any Division, Parish, Tything or Place, than would be due from it according to the last made Apportionment, the Surplus shall not be discharged, but as Vacancies occur, such Vacancies shall be supplied from such Divisions, Parishes, Tythings, or Places, as by the last made Apportionment are moll deficient.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in any other Acts contained shall exempt any Person enrolled or serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers from being ballotted to serve in the Militia, or any such additional Force as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings shall enter, in a separate Lift, the Names of all Persons who shall have been enofen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, or such additional Force as aforesaid, during the Periods of -such Persons bang exempt from Service under this Act, in the Order in which they shall be so chosen, and shall, notwithstanding such Exemptions, give Notice thereof to the Persons so chosen; but shall at the same Time apprize such Person* that they are exempted from such Service so long as they shall continue effectice Members of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers; and every such Person shall, if he shall quit such Corps, or be discharged therefrom by his Commanding Officer for Non-attendance or any Misconduct or Misbehaviour under the Provisions of this Act, during the Continuance of the present War, or until six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be immediately liable to serve for the full Period of Service for which he shall have been chosen by Ballot; and every such Person shall, in the Order in which he shall have been entered on such Lifts, fill up any Vacancy that may then be, or may thereafter arise, in such Militia or additional Force as aforesaid, in and for the Subdivision for which he shall originally have been ballotted, and shall immediately on any such Vacancy arising, he enrolled to serve, or find a Substitute to serve in such Militia or additional Force as aforesaid for such full Period of Service as aforesaid, to commence from the Time of his Enrolment or finding a Substitute as aforesaid; and every such Person who shall refuse or neglect so to serve, or find a Substitute to serve, shall he liable to all the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Militia or such additional Force, for neglecting or refusing to serve or find a Substitute: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any such Person who may, at the Time of his being summoned to attend for the Purpose of being enrolled, or of finding a Substitute to serve as aforesaid, he entitled to any other Exemption from serving hi the Militia or other additional Force as aforesaid, from claiming and having the full Benefit of such Exemption*

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers who shall have been chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia or other additional Force as aforesaid, and who shall have been exempted from serving by reason of his being an effectice Member of such Corps, and who shall continue to serve as an effectice Member thereof during the Continuance of the present War, and until fix

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 54.

Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall, on quitting or being discharged from such Corps after the Expiration of the said Term, be liable to serve, or to find a Substitute to serve, by reason of any such Ballot, or to supply any Vacancy that may arise in the Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid, by reason of having been inserted in any such Lift as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that every such Person shall thenceforth be liable to be chosen by Ballot, and to serve in the Militia or such other additional Force as aforesaid, in like Manner as if he had not before been chosen by Ballot to serve therein.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Person who shall, on account of changing his Place of Residence to any other Parish or Dillridl, quit any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in which he shall have been an Effective Member, and entitled to Exemption as such up to the Time of his quitting the fame, shall, within ten Days after he shall quit such Corps, enrol himself in any other Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, every such Person shall, upon producing to the Commanding Officer of the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself a Certificate of the Number of Days on which he shall have attended the Mullers and Exercise of the Corps which he has so quitted, (which Certificate the Commanding Officer thereof is hereby required to give, ) be entitled to the Benefit of the Number of Days specified in such Certificate, and shall and may, on completing the Number of Days of Attendance at Muller and Exercise required by this Act, in the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself, be entitled to be returned, and shall be returned as an effectice Member of such Corps, and shall continue to be entitled to Exemption as such in like Manner as if he had, from the Time of his Enrolment in the Corps which he shall have quitted, been an effectice Member of the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself: Provided always, that if the Corps in which such Person shall have last enrolled himself, and the Corps which he shall have quitted, shall not belong to the same Subdivision, and such Person shall at any Time thereafter be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid, for the Subdivision to which the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself shall belong, such Person shall no longer be liable to serve or to find a Substitute to serve in the Militia or such additional Force, for the Subdivision to which the Corps which he shall have quitted shall belong, although he may have been chosen by Ballot to serve for such last mentioned Subdivision.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers before the passing of this Act, who shall not have taken the Oath of Allegiance required by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and every Person who shall be enrolled in any such Corps after the passing of this Act, shall take the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty; and such Oath may and shall be administered to all such Persons as ftnll have been enrolled in any such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers before the passing of this Act, and' who shall not have taken the same as soon as may be after the passing thereof, and to all such Persons as shall be enrolled in any such Corps after the passing of this Act, as soon as may be after their Enrolment in such Corps, by any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, or by any Commissiioned Officer of such Corps.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Drill Serjeants, and Serjeants, serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, as receive the conllant Pay of their Rank therein, and all Trumpeters, Buglcmen, and Drummers, serving in any such Corps, and receiving any Pay as such therein, from his Majesty or otherwise, either at any daily or weekly Rate, and also all Farriers being attested and serving in any such Corps, and receiving any such Pay therein, shall at all Times be subject to any Ad which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War established for the better Government of his Majesty's Forces, and shall be liable to be tried for any Crime committed against such Ad or Articles of War, by any General or Detachment or Regimental Court Martial, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, in like Manner and under the like Regulations as Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of his Majesty's Militia Forces: Provided always, that every such Court Martial shall be composed wholly of Officers of the Yeomanry or Volunteer Establishment; and that no Punishment awarded by such Court Martial shall extend to Life or Limb, except when such Corps are called out in Cases of Invasion, or Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion, or appearance of any Enemy in force on the Coast of Great Britain, or of Rebellion or Insurrection arising or exilling within the same on the Appearance of any Enemy in force on the Coast, or during any Invasion, all Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers shall, whenever they shall be summoned by the Lieutenants of the Counties in which they shall be re-fpcdively formed, or their Vice-Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, or upon the making of any General Signals of Alarm, forthwith assemble within their respective Districts, and shall be liable to march according to the Terms and Conditions of their respective Services, whether the same shall extend to any Part of Great Britain, or be limited to any Distnd, County, City, Town, or Place therein; and all Persons then enrolled in any such Corps, not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating them from Military Service, and not holding a Commission or serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, or in any other such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and actually joining such Corps, who shall refuse or neglect to join their respective Corps, and to assemble and march therewith upon any such Summons or General Signal of Alarm as aforesaid, shall be deemed Deserters, and shall be subject to Punishment as such; and all such Corns of Yeomanry and Volunteers, and all Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men therein, shall, upon and from the Time of such Summons, or of such General Signals of Alarm being made as aforesaid, and until the Enemy shall be defeated and expelled, and all Rebellion or Insurrection then existing within Great Britain shall be suppressed, (the same to be signified by his Majesty's Proclamation, ) continue and be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament then in Force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, in all Cafc9 whatever.

93

during the War, he. no* liable to serve at ihe Expiration thereof

Volunteers quit* ting one Corps and enrolling themselves in another, shall have Certificates of their Attendance, and to have the Benefit thereof in the latter Corps, and if afterwards chosen by Ballot to serve in the Subdivision to which it belongs, shall be exempt' from Service in the Subdivision of the former Corps*

Volunteers shall take the Oath of Allegiance.

Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, &c, receiving eon(Vant Pay, shall be subject to the Mutiny Ad and Aruclei of War.

How Courts' Martial shall be composed. (Aw/set §ri$.) No Punishment shall extend to Life or Limb, except in Case of Invasion, he.

In Cases of Invasion, he. Volunteers (halt on Summons or Signal, assemble and march according to the Terms of their Services, and oil Neglect shall be deemed De-feitersi Such Coips shall then be subject to ill* Mutiny Laws and Article of War.

94 C. 54. 44. GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

G>rp« voluntarily assembling or matching to do Military Duty, &c. sub-je£ to Mutiny Act, $cc. (ex-ctpt as herein after specified,

S46-J

His Majesty may put such Corps under the Command of General Officers, but to be led by their respective Officer*; no effective Member Oral! lie liable to be placed in any other Regiment.

XXIII. And be it Further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall, virith the Approbation of his Majesty, signified through his Principal Secretary of State, voluntarily assemble or march to do Military Duty upon any Appearance of Invasion, or for the Purpose of improving themselve? in Military Exercise, except in the Case herein after specified as to Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry, or shall voluntarily vnarert on being called upon in pursuance of any Order from the Lieutenant or Sheriff of the County, to a ft within the County or adjacent Counties for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, all such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall, in all such Cases, from the time of so assembling or marching as aforesaid, and during the Period of their remaining on such Military Duty, or being engaged in such Service as aforesaid, be subject to Military Discipline, and to all the Provisions of any Act then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Corps are assembled or marched, on any Summons or general Signal of Alarm, or are voluntarily doing Military Duty as aforesaid, under any of the Provisions of this A A, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to put such Corps under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall from Time to Time be pleased to appoint for that Purpose, or as shall be then commanding in the Districts in which such Corps shall respectively be assembled, marched, or doing Military Duty: Provided always, that such Corps shall be led by their respective Officers, under such Command as aforesaid; and no Person enrolled or serving in any such Volunteer Corps, so long as the Service of such Corps shall be continued by his Majesty, and as inch Person shall remain an effective Member thereof, shall be liable to be placed in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regulars, Militia, or Fencibles, without his free Consent fir (I had and obtained.

Volunteer Officers shall not (it on the Trial f Regulars: nor contra.

Rank of Volunteer Officer*.

Commanding Officers of Corps, when not on actual Service, may dif-Charge Member*, not being Commissioned Officer*, fur Disobedience of Order*/ fee.

Act not to affect any Regulations approved by his Majesty, fee.

Commanding Officer may dif-mllow the Day on which the Party mifeon-du&ed himself as a Day of Attendance, fee.

Person s mifeon-dixfting themselves during Eiercife, fee. may be ordered iatoOustody.

Volunteers may quit their Corps, except when called out in Case of Inva-

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall fit on any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of his Majesty's other Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces fit on any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, Trumpeter, or Private Man, in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Officers in Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, having Commis-(ions from his Majesty, or Lieutenants of Counties, or others who may be specially authorized by his Majesty for that Purpose, shall rank with the Officers of his Majesty's Regular and Militia Forces as the Youngest of their respective Ranks.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commanding Officer of any Corps of* Yeomanry or Volunteers, when not summoned or assembled upon actual Service in case of Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy in force upon the Coast, to discharge any Member of the Corps under his Command, not being a Commissioned Officer, for any Disobedience of Orders, or Breach of Discipline while under Arms, and also for any Neglect of Attendance and Duty, or Misconduct, or improper Behaviour as a Member of his Corps, or for other sufficient Cause, the Existence and Sufficiency of such several Causes respectively being to be judged of by such Commanding Officer, and immediately to strike such Person out of the Muster Roll of the Corps to which he shall belong: Provided always, that every such Person shall remain liable to all the Provisions of this Act, as to compelling the Payment of any Supscriptions, or Arrears of Subscription, or Fines and Forfeitures, incurred before or at the Time of such Discharge, and as to the delivering up and restoring of Arms, Accoutrements, and Cloathing, as herein after mentioned: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to abrogate or affect any Rules or Regulations of any such Corps which have been or may be approved by his Majesty; and which are or may be applicable to the Discharge of any Member of any Corps when not summoned or assembled upon actual Service: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent his Majesty from signifying his Pleasure in such Manner, and giving Directions with respect to any such Case of Discharge, or in respect to any Rules and Regulations with regard to any Cases of Discharge, as to his Majesty shall appear moil just and proper.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Rules and Regulations, approved or to be approved by his Majesty, of any such Corps, shall not provide for any such Cases of Misconduct, Disobedience of Orders, or Breach of Discipline while under Arms, it shall be lawful for any Commanding Officer, in any such Case of Misconduct under Arms as aforesaid, to disallow to the Person so misconducting himself the Day on which he shall have so misconducted himself, as a Day of Attendance, for the Purpose of entitling him to any Exemption under the Provisions of this Act, and to direct that he shall forfeit one Day's Pay, in Cases where any Pay is allowed, or either to dtfallow any such Day of Attendance, or to direct the Forfeiture of one Day's Pay, as such Commanding Officer shall in his Discretion think fit, and which Pay such Person so misconducting himself shall forfeit accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall not during the Times of Training and Exercise, or of his being under Arms, or wearing the Cloathing or Accoutrements of the Corps, and going to any Place of Exercise or Assembly of the Corps, conduct himself in a decent and orderly Manner, or shall not obey the lawful Command of the Officer or Officers commanding, may be ordered by such Officer into the Custody of any Person or Persons belonging to such Corps, for the Time during which such Corps shall then remain under Arms.

XXX. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Right of Persons enrolled in Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, to withdraw themselves from or quit the fame; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; for Remedy whereof, be it therefore declared and enacted, ' That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, at any Time (except when summoned* or assembled upon actual Service, in case of actual Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy in

force

95

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 54.

force upon the Coast, or voluntarily assembled for the Purpose of doing Military Duty, under any of the Provisions, or in any of the Cases specified in this Act) to quit such Corps, and such Person shall accordingly be ftruelv out of the Muller Roll of such Corps in the Manner and under the Conditions herein after mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no such Person shall be entitled to quit any such Corps without giving fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such his Intention, to the Commanding Officer thereof, nor until he shall have delivered up to such Commanding Officer, or to some Person appointed by him to receive the same, all Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, and Appointments, that shall have been furnished to him at the publick Expence, or by any other Person, or at the Charge of any Subscription for furnishing such Articles, in good Order and Condition (reasonable Wear and Tear only excepted), and shall have paid all Subscriptions, and Arrears of Subscriptions, and also all Fines and Penalties incurred by him, under any of the Rules and Regulations of his Corps, either before or at the Time of or by reason of his 'quitting such Corps: Provided always, that if any Person enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, other than and except the Persons herein-before mentioned as receiving the constant Pay of their Rank, shall at any Time hereafter erllilt in any of his Majesty's Forces, or shall enrol himself as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia or any such additional Force as aforesaid, every such Person shall, immediately after such enlilling or Enrolment, be considered as discharged to all Intents and Purposes from such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers; and the Commanding Officer of such Coips of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall, upon such enlilling or Enrolment being duly notified to him, and upon receiving back from such Person the Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, and Appointments of such Person in the Manner before mentioned, llrike the Name of such Person out of the Muller Roll of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and shall specially certify the same in the next Return to be made under the Provisions of this Act.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall quit any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or be discharged therefrom for Non-attendance, or any Misconduct or Misbehaviour as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon, unless otherwise exempted, become liable to serve, if he shall have before been chosen or shall thereafter be chosen by Ballot, in the Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid; and shall also immediately become liable to such of the Duties chargeable in respect of keeping or using any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or wearing Hair Powder for which such Person shall have acquired any Right of Exemption for the Year ending on the fifth Day of April next after the Time of his quitting or being discharged from such Corps; and the Commanding Officer of every such Corps shall forthwith certify the quitting or Discharge of such Person to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County in which such Corps shall be formed, and also to the Assessor of the said Duties for the Parish or Place in which such Person shall rtfide; and such Assessor shall forthwith deliver such Certificate to the Surveyor of the Dillrift in which such Parish or Place shall be situate, who shall certify the same to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the before recited Act for the same Dillrift, who shall forthwith cause such Exemption to be disallowed, and the Assessment of such Person, if any such Assessment shall before have been made, to be amended, or otherwise a new Assessment to be made in respect of such Duties for such Year ending as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who may have given Notice in Writing to the Commanding Officer of his Corps, of his Intention to resign, and who may think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Commanding Officer refusing to llrike his Name out of any such Muller Roll, on account of any Subscription or Arrears of Subscription, or any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures not having been paid, or of any Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, or Appointments not having been delivered up, or not having been delivered up in good State and Condition, or on any other Account whatsoever, to appeal to any two Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision in which such Corps shall have been formed, or of any adjoining Subdivision, or to any one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, acting within any such Subdivision (not being Members of such Corps); and it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace aforesaid to hear and determine such Appeal, and to examine any Person or Persons thereon, upon Oath (which Oath such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace aforesaid respectively, are hereby authorized to administer), and to discharge such Person from such Corps if they shall think, under all the Circumllaiices, that such Person hath complied with the Provisions of this Act, and to order the Commanding Officer forthwith to llrike such Person out of the Muller Roll of such Corps, or to order and direct the Payment of any such Sum of Money as may appear to them ought to be paid by such Person, in respect of any such Subscription or Arrears, or Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures as aforesaid, or to order and direct the Delivery of any Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, or Appointments, or the Payment of any such Sum of Money as shall appear to them to be reasonable, for any Loss of Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, or Appointments, or any Damage that may have been done thereto before such Discharge; and all such Sums of Money shall and may be levied, recovered, and applied, in like Manner, as any like Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, or Sums of Money, may be recovered and applied; and the Determination of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace aforesaid shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, 'An Act to amend and ' render more effectual an Act, pcffsd in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present IViar; and for u indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be tiecessary for that Purpose; 9 9.

and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring

the Military Service of Ins liege Subjects in caje of Invasion of the Realm, 9 as directs that the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence per Day shall be allowed to any Serjeant or other Person employed by any Commanding Officer for the Purpose of instructing any Volunteer Corps in the Use of Arms, and directs the Manner in which

Such Persons shall give fourteen Days Notice of quilting, deliver up their Ami?, and pay all Fines.

Volunteers, (except Persons receiving constant Pay,

/*e J SI.) cnlifting in the Regulars, Icc. shall be considered at discharged.

Persons quitting their Corps, itc. shall become liable to serve in ihe Militia, See. and to pay the Duties o.i HoiTes, Sec. Such quitting or Discharge (half be certified by the Commanding Officer to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and to the Assessor of the Duties, See. Persons aggrieved by Commanding Officer refusing their Resignation, may appeal to two Deputy Lieutenants, Sec.

4} G. 3. c. 120.

11.) rtlating to Allowance to Personsemploy-td to instruct Volunrecr Corps, repealed.

C. 54.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Act shall not atifelt Defence Acts further than hereby altered.

When Volunteer* arc affem-i>led on Summons, &c. the Receivers General of the Taxes in England, and the Collector of the Cess in Scotland, shall pay <to the Captains two Guineas for each Man; and when volunta- rily assembled, the Treasury may order a Guinea for each to be paid in dike Manner. Ghpuins shall account for the Money j {fee 44 G. 3. «.94.)

but shall not draw any for Men not desiring it.

Volunteers, when assembled on Invasion, &c. shall receive Ray and be billeted as other Forces;

and their Families shall be entitled to the same Relief as the Families of Militia Men.

which such Sums shall be paid, and imposes any Penalties in case of the Non-payment thereof, shall be and the -fame is hereby repealed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any Manner, to alter, vaty, or repeal any of the Provisions of any of the Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament relating to the Defence of the Realm, and for the Purpose of enabling his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects, in case of Invasion of the Realm, except so far as any 01 such Provisions are hereby expressly altered, varied, or repealed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall have assembled on any Summons of any Lieutenant of the County in which they shall be respectively formed, or his Vice-Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or upon the making any general Signal of Alarm as aforesaid, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the County, Riding, or Place, if in England, and the Collector of the Cess of the County, if in Scotland\ to which such Corps shall belong, shall and is hereby required to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of any Troop or Company of such Corps, the Sum of two Guineas, for the Use of every Volunteer in such Troop or Company who shall so assemble 5 and whenever any such Corps shall hereafter voluntarily assemble to do Military Duty upon any Appearance of Invasion, or for the Purpose of improving themselves in Military Exercise under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to order and direct that any Sum, not exceeding one Guinea for every Volunteer who shall so assemble, shall be paid to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Troop or Company of such Corps; and such Sum, not exceeding one Guinea, shall, upon every such Order, be paid, by every such Receiver General or Collector aforesaid, to the Captain or Commanding Officer of each Troop or Company as aforesaid; and the Money so received, in any of the Cases aforesaid, by any Captain or other Commanding Gfficer, or so much thereof as such Captain or other Commanding Officer shall think necessary, shall be laid out in providing necessaries for each such Volunteer; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, within one Month after the Receipt of such Money, account to the several Persons for whose Use the same shall have been received, how the same hath been applied or disposed of, and shall at the Time of settling such Account pay the Remainder, if any, to the Persons entitled thereto 5 and all the Money so paid by any Receivers General or Collectors aforesaid shall be allowed them in their Accounts; and all Persons whatever who shall have given any Orders or Directions for the Payment, or who shall have paid, for the Use of any Person in any such Corps who shall have voluntarily aflemoled as aforesaid before the passing of this Act, any Sum not exceeding one Guinea for each such Volunteer, shall be and are hereby indemnified: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the Captain of any such Troop or Company to demand, draw for, or receive any such Sum, or any Part thereof, for the Use of any Person or Persons serving therein, who shall not desire to be entitled to the Benefit thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons enrolled in any Corps of Yeomamy or Volunteers, when assembled as aforesaid on any Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy in force on the Coast, or for the Suppression of Rebellion or Insurrection, or when voluntarily assembled, and doing Military Duty, with the Approbation of his Majesty, under any of the Provisions of this ACT, shall be entitled to and shall receive Pay during the Periods of their so remaining assembled as aforesaid, in such Manner and after such Rates, according to their respective Ranks and Situations in such Corps, and be entitled to be quartered and billetted, in like Manner, in every Respect, and under and subject to the same Regulations, as the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of his Majesty's other Forces, as far as the same shall by his Majesty be deemed applicable to Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall be so assembled or marched as aforesaid on any Invasion, or Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast, or in case of any Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing as aforesaid, or of Riots or Tumults, or for the Purpose of voluntarily doing Military Duty under any of the Provisions of this Act, all Persons enrolled therein who shall join on such assembling and marching as aforesaid, and who shall leave Families unable to support themselves, shall, during the Period of their Absenceor Service on Military Duty as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the like Relief for their Wives and Families, and under such and the like Circumstances, as are mentioned in two several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland respectively, when called out into actual Service; and for that Purpose, all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said last mentioned Acts respectively contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such Relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein enacted: Provided always, that all Sums of Money which shall be advanced and paid to the Wives and Families of such Men, in England, under any Order for that Purpose, shall, upon Delivery of a Quarterly Account of the Payment thereof, certified and signed by two Justices of the Peace of the County m which such Relief shall be given, be repaid to the Overseer or Overseers, or Parish Officer or Officers, who shall have advanced the fame, by the Receiver General of such County, out of any publick Money in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Account of such Receiver General: Provided also, that no Assessment shall be made to make good the Amount of any Sums paid for such Relief to such Wives and Families in Scotland under this Act, in the Manner directed by such last mentioned Act relative to Scotland, to make good the Sums paid to the Wives and Families of Militia Men, pursuant thereto.

Monies advanced to such Families in England shall be repaid to the Overseers by the County Receivers General.

And no Assessment shall be made in Scotland for Repayment of such Money.

After Defeat of

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Defeat and Expulsion of the Enemy from Great >!he Ytdumteers* an^ Suppression of any such Rebellion or Insurrection, to be notified as aforesaid, all Corps of Yeomanry

C. 54. 97

or Volunteers which shall have been assembled and marched out of their respective Counties, shall forthwith be returned to their respective Counties, and the Sum of one Guinea shall be paid, under the Direction of any General or other superior Officer under whose Command such Corps shall then happen to be, to every such Person therein so permitted to return Home as aforesaid, who shall be willing to receive the same, over and above the usual Rate of Pay to which such Person shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his Parish.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, who shall be disabled in a<£lual Service, shall be tntitled to Half Pay, according to their Ranks; and all Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, so disabled, shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital; and the Widows of all such Commissioned Officers killed in Service, shall be entitled to receive such Pension3 for life as are given to Widows of Officers in his Majesty's Regular Forces.

fli.il! he returned to their reflective Counties, and a Guinea paid to each man willing to receive it.

Commissioned Officers disabled entitled to Hail Pay, Non-commisti 'tied, &c. # to Chtllea Hospital; Widows of Officers to Petifions.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to Half Pay maybe forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time ht shall serve and receive Pay as Adjutant or Quarter Made? in Ad*

any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that the lame shall nevertheless continue; and instead.of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers, to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so c, taking ibe entitled to Half Pay, and serving as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath; following O.uh*

T //. B, do swear, That I had not, between the and the

A any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half

Pay as a reduced in late Regiment of

' favc and except my Pay as Adjutant or Quarter Master, [at the Case may he-\ for serving in the

Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers of the [as the Case may &?].*

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

XLII. And be it further ctiadled, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Corps receiving Arms and Accoutrements supplied at the Publick Expence, or by Subscription, to appoint a proper Place in the Parish or Place in which his Corps shall be formed, or in each of the different Parishes or Places, if more Companies than one are formed in different Parishes, and united in one Corps, as the Case may require, and as may seem expedient for the depositing and safe keeping of the Arms and Accoutrements of his Corps, and also to appoint proper Persons to repair and keep such Arms in good State and Condition; and it shall be lawful for any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision in which any such Parish or Parishes shall be, and once in every Year at the leafi, to view such Arms and Accoutrements, for the Purpose of ascertaining the State and Condition thereof; and all reasonable Expences which shall or may be incurred in placing and keeping such Arms and Accoutrements, and in maintaining them clean and in proper Repair, Order, and Condition, if approved of under the Hands of two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, of the Subdivision in which such Arms and Accoutrements shall be deposited, shall, on Delivery to the Receiver General, if in England, of the County in which such Arms shall be deposited, of a Quarterly, Half-yearly, or Yearly Account thereof, signed and approved by any two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, together with the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Corps, or Captain of the Company to which such Arms shall belong, that the Arms are in good Repair, State, Order, and Condition, be paid by such Receiver General as aforesaid, out of any public Monies in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Account of such Receiver General as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Expence to be incurred as aforesaid shall exceed in Amount such Sum as his Majesty shall be pleased to authorize and dire£fc, by any Order to be communicated through his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the County.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in Scotland the Accounts of all such Expences relative to the placing and keeping such Arms and Accoutrements, and maintaining them clean and in proper Repair, Order, and Condition, certified in the Manner above directed, shall be transmitted to the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby empowered to restrict the Amount to such Sum3 they shall think reasonable, not exceeding such Sum as his Majesty shall have been pleased to authorize and direct in Manner aforesaid, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof out of the Revenues of the Land Tax, Aftcffed Taxes, or Consolidated Duties of Customs or Excise, or any of them, which they shall think most moll proper to apply for this Purpose.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Arms delivered out of the publick Stores, or furnished at the publick Expence, for the Use of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, shall be marked distinctly in some vififcle Place with the Letter V. and the initial of the County to which such Corps shall belong; and in case any Man shall fell, pawn, or lofc any Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, or Ammunition delivered to him, or shall wilfully damage any such Arms or Accoutrements, every such Man shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings; and if such Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace refilling in or near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to take Cognizance of the fame, and to commit such Person as shall beconvidled of such Offence before him to the next Gaol, or House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding one Week, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloathing, or any publick Stores or Ammunition delivered for the Use of any Corp&of Yeomanry or Volunteers, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay Geo. 1II» O for

Oath,

Commanding Officers may appoint Places for depofuing Arms and Accoutre irents, and Persons to take care of them; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall view them, and the Expence shall be paid in England by the Receivers General,

not exceeding the Sum authorized by his Majesty.

In Scotland Barons of the Exchequer thf're, may grant War. ram for Payment.

Arms provided by the Publick shall be marked-Penalty for felling Aims, Accoutrements, &c. 40s. &c»

Penalty for buying Anna, Accoutrements. See. 10l. &c.

gS

When Corpt of Cavalry (halt be desirous of assembling under the Command of their own Officers, the County Lieutenant, with the Approbation of his Majesty, m.iv make an Order for that Purpose, and an Order to any Justice of the County, who shall iflu" his Precept to- hil-letting the Non-commuTmued Officers and Privates as the Regulars may Le billetted; but the Corps shall not be subject to the Mutiny Laws.

AAs for billeting his Majes-ly's Forets extended to such Corps.

When the Lieu-, tenant (had have fixed the Day and Place of Exerrife. he shall certily certain Pailicularstothe Secret.uy at War who Iba'I order Pay to be issued. Form of Ac-rount of Commanding Officer which shall be delivered to Or-ller of Secietaiy tit War, and the Balance paid,

($' 44 (r'- y 94)

C. 54* 446° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty by Distress in the Manner herein after mentioned, any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid before whom he or she shall be convicted, shall commit him or her to such Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine,

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Persons enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Vo*-lunteer Cavalry, whether any Infantry be attached to such Corps or not, or the Majority of them, when not summoned upon actual Service, or voluntarily assembled for the Purpose of doing Military Duty, and subjected to Military Discipline, under the Provisions of this Act as aforesaid, shall, through their Commanding Officer, signify in Writing to the Lieutenant of the County wherein such Corps shall be raised, or in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, to the Vice-Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants executing the Office of the Lieutenant, their Deli re to assemble under the Command of their own Officers, at any convenient Place or Places within the same County, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for any Space of Time not exceeding in the Whole fourteen Days, either successively or at Intervals, within the Space of twelve Months, and either in separate Corps, or together with any other Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, who shall also have signified their Ddire of assembling for that Purpose in like Manner, or with any Regiment, Troop or Troops of his Majesty's regular Forces of Cavalry, in case his Majesty shall think proper to give Directions to such of his Forces for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant, Vice-Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants respectively, in pursuance of the Dtfire of any such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, to be signified in Manner aforesaid, and with the Approbation of his Majesty, signified by his Principal Secretary of State, to make an Order or assembling such Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and likewise to direct an Order to any Justice of the Peace of the County where such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry shall be appointed to assemble, specifying the Place or Places at which, and the Time or Times during which such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry are to continue so assembled under the Authority of this Act; and the Justice of the Peace to whom such Order shall be directed shall issue his Precept to the Constable, Hradborough, Ty-thingman, or other Peace Officer of the Place where such Corps are to be assembled, for quartering and billeting the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters, or Buglemen, and Privates of such Corps, upon such Persons and in such Houses, situate in or near the rlace or Places specified in such Order, as his Majesty's Forces may by Law be quartered and billetted upon; and from and after the Receipt of such Precept, it shall be lawful for such Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other proper Officer as aforesaid, and he is hereby required to billet the Non-commissioned Officers, Trumpeters or Buglemen, and Private Men, of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry in or near such Place or Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as any of his Majesty's other Forces may by Law be quartered and billetted therein as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing hcrem contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any such Corps to the Provisions of any Act then in Force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, by reason of any such assembling for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for any Space of Time not exceeding fourteen Days as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, and during the Times in which any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry shall be quartered and billetted in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Matters and Things, provided and established by any Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in Force for quartering and billetting his Majesty's Forces, shall be used and put in practice for quartering and billetting such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Matters, and Things, had been specially enacted in the Body of this Act, so far as the same shall by his Majesty be deemed applicable to Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as aforesaid, of any County, shall have fixed the Day and Place of Exercise for any such Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Secretary at War or his Deputy, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days appointed for exercising them, not exceeding in the Whole fourteen Days; and the Secretary at War or his Deputy is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to cause to be issued and paid to the Officer having the Command of each Corps, at the Rate of two Shillings per Day for each Volunteer of Yeomanry or of Volunteer Cavalry who shall attend the Place of Exercise, and one Shilling and Four-pence per Day for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to such Corps, and used in Exercise on that Day.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer having the Command of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry shall make up an Account of all the Monies received and paid by him, on account of such Exercise in the following Form:

Dr. Cr.

County of

£ 1 ' </

per Contra

£ '

J.

To Cash received for

Day 8 Pay of Men

To Ditto for Allowance for

Days

Horses

Paid Yeomanry

Men, for their Attendance at the Place of Exerdfe on the Days appointed, being Days Pay

Paid Allowance

for Horses, used in

Exercise for Days

Which

A.D. 1804. 44o GEORGir III. C. 54.

Which Account shall be signed by the Officer having the Command of such Corps; and such Officer shall, within ten Daye after the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there Be any due, to such Person as the Secretary at War or his Deputy shall order and direct.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Money subscribed by or for the Use of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and all Arms, Stores, Ammunition, Drums, Fifes, or Musical lnitruments, or other Articles, of whatever Kind or Sort the same may be, belonging to any such Corps, or used by any such Corps, not being the Property of any particular Individual of such Corps, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Commanding Officer thereof, for all Purposes of Indictment, Action, or Suit, Criminal or Civil, in Law or Equity, and shall for such Purpose be deemed and taken to be the Property of such Commanding Officer, and shall and may be laid so to be in any Indictment, or may be sued for and recovered as such, or may be dated to be such in any Action, or Suit relating thereto; and no Indictment, Suit, Action, or Prosecution, shall be discontinued or abated by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Commanding Officer, hut the same may be proceeded in by the succeeding Commanding Officer, or the Commanding Officer for the Time being, any Law, Cudom, or LJfage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall neglect or refuse, on Demand i made for that Purpose, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or required by any Rules or Regulations of such Corps to be subscribed by him, towards any Expences thereof, or to pay any Fines or Penalties incurred under any of the Rules or Regulations thereof, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace redding in or near to the Place where such Corps shall be, on Application made for that Purpose by any Commanding or Field Officer, or Adjutant, or Serjeant Major, under any Order of the Commanding Officer of any such Corps, and Proof thereof, to direct Double the Amount thereof, to be paid as a Penalty or Forfeiture; and if such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same for the Space of seven Days, then to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, after deducing the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and the Sums so levied shall goto the General Stock of such Corps, to be applied in the General Expences thereof, in like Manner as any Subscription or Sum of Money received by or for such Corps may be applied; or where there shall be no such Subscription or Stock of such Corps, then to any such Purposes relating to such Corps as the Commanding Officer thereof may think fit: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Justice of Peace to mitigate any accumulated Fines or Penalties, in such Amount as he shall in his Discretion think fit, having Regard to the Circumstances and Situation of the Party incurring the fame; but so as that the Amount of such mitigated Fines or Penalties shall not be less than one Half of the full Amount of such accumulated Fines and Penalties.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have received, br may have in his Custody, Power, or Possession, or shall hereafter receive or have in his Custody, Power, or Pofitllion, any Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, Ammunition, or Stores, or Drums, Fifes, or Musical Indruments, or other Articles aforesaid, heretofore or that may hereafter be furnished from the publick Stores, or at the Publick Expence, or at the Expence or Charge of any Subscription for providing such Articles, or of any Person or Persons, and who shall refuse or neglect, on being required by the Commanding Officer for the Time being, or by his Direction, to deliver up any such Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, Ammunition, or Stores, or Drums, Fifes or Musical Indruments, or other Articles aforesaid, shall, on being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the County within which such Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, Ammunition, or Stores shall be, forfeit and pay the Sum often Pounds for every such Offence, and Double the Value of the Arms, Accoutrements, Cloathing, Ammunition, br Stores so detained as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so didrained and fold; and for Want of such sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed for any Time not exceeding two Months; and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money paid by any Receiver General in pursuance of of this Act, and returned into and allowed in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall be replaced to such Accounts as the same were by Law applicable, out of the first Aids and Supplies which shall be thereafter granted to his Majesty by Parliament.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks to Subdivision Meetings in England, shall receive such Reward for their Pains and Trouble in and about the Execution of this Act, and for which they shall not be entitled to any Reward under any Laws relating to the Militia, as the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Meeting held for that Purpose, at which not less than five Deputy Lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper 5 such Reward to be paid and allowed as any Rewards to such Clerks respectively are paid and allowed under any such Laws relating to the Miltia.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in Scotland such Rewards as the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, shall be entitled to for their Pains and Trouble in and about the Execution of this Act, shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County where the same shall respectively be occasioned, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, to the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland who are hereby empowered to restrict the Amount, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof in the Manner herein-before directed, in the Case of Expences attending the placing and keeping of Arms and Accoutrements, and maintaining the same in good Repair, Order, and Condition.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, bo future Rules or Regu-atious shall be valid or binding on any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or for any Purposes of this Act,

99

Suffer? pi tons, Arms, fee. veiled in Command'tig Officer?.

(Sr 44 G. 3. c. 94.)

Jf Subscriptrons or Fires be not paid, a Justice may direct Double the A mount to be paid, which may be levied by Difliels.

Applicable te Stock of the Corps.

Justice may mitigate Penalties.

Penalty on Per-tons lelufing to c cliver up Arms provided at publick Expence iol. &c.

How Money paid by Receiver General shall be replaced.

Clerks to General and Sul division Met tings in England shall be lewr.ided for their Trouble, al under Militia Laws.

Such Rewinds in Scotland shall be deni tied to the Barons of the Exchequer.

No future Rules or Regulation* for any Corps te

IOO

be valid unless submitted to the Principal Secretary of State, and net difaU lowed by his Majesty.

His Majesty may annul any Rules or Regulations. Acceptance of Comm i {lions shall not vacate Seats in Parliament.

Returns may vary from So.m prefeubed.

Pi ovi lions relating to Counties extended to Ridings. &c. and to Corps extended to Independent Troops or Companies.

C. 54. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

or For any other Purpose, unless the Commanding Officer of such Corps shall think fit to transmit the same to the Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of the County in which such Corps shall have been or shall be formed, and unless the said Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of the County shall think proper to submit the same to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State; and such Rules and Regulations so transmitted and submitted, shall, if not disallowed by his Majesty within twenty-eight Days after the Receipt thereof by his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, be considered as approved and confirmed; and the Lieutenant or Vice-Lieutenant of the County shall signify such Approbation and Confirmation to the said Commanding Officer, to be forthwith communicated by him to his Corps; and the Rules and Regulations so transmitted, submitted, confirmed, and communicated, shall be binding and valid for the Purposes of this Act, or for any other Purpose regarding the Services and good Conduct of such Corps.

LVII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to prevent his Majesty from annulling at any Time, any Rules or Regulations which may have been or shall be made respecting any Corps of Volunteers.

LiVIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That no Person who has accepted or shall hereafter accept of a Commission in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be deemed in respect thereof to have vacated or to vacate his Seat as a Member returned to serve in Parliament.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Forms of Returns, Certificates, and Schedules, hereunto annexed, shall be deemed respectively valid and effectual for the several Purposes of this Act to which they apply; but that if, from any Variation of Circumstances or other Reason, the said Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Instruments of a similar Import shall nevertheless be admitted and Received, and be held in like Manner valid and effectual.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to'-all Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places in Great Britain; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Act contained, relating to Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, shall extend to and be construed and deemed to extend to all Independent Troops of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry and Companies of Infan tiy, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Dire ft ion* and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter and Thing.

M Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §61. [See post cap. 94.]

SCHEDULE (A.) To A.B. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled and Cerving in the of commanded by

EFFECTIVES; (and, tf entitled to Exemption, say, ) entitled 10 Exemption. EFFECTIVE SUPERNUMERARIES (if any, ) not entitled to Exemptions. NON-EFFECTIVES.

N°. Parifla. Name. When enrolled. No. Parish. Name. When enrolled. N. Parish. Name. When enrolled.

1. 2. 3-4* A. A.B. C.D. E.F. G.H.

5- 6. EFFECTIVE MEMBERS, entitled to Exemptions, Absenl on Leave.

. 9- B. I.M. N. 0. p. a. No. Parish. Name. When enrolled.

11. 12. 13.

N.B. Discharged or quitted (incc the Date of the lad Muster Roll:

Establishment allowed.A, B>

Supemumeries allowed C.D. &c.

- Total Number in the Corps exempt under this Act from

Total Number - serving in the Militia or other additional Force

D° - - not exempt from fenring in the Militia or other additional Force -

Total Number of Men enrolled in the Corps -

I do hereby certify, That the above Corps [or Company, at the Case may was inspected on the Day of by or, has been ready and willing to be inspected in the last four Months.

Signed, A.B.

C* D. Commanding Officer.

Adjutant, or Serjeant Major*

SCHEDULE

440 GEORGII III.

C. 54.

101

SCHEDULE (B.)

J K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify upon my Honour, in pur-

A fuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the forty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] That I have not, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted or caused to be inserted, in the above Muster Roll, as an effeClive Man, the Name of any Person who has not duly attended, properly armed and accoutred, and mounted [if Cavalry"] [if Anns and Accoutrements have been supplied] at the Muller and Exercise of the said Corps [or, Company, as the Case may be], as required by the said Act, and who has not taken the Oath of Allegiance, or been absent on Leave given in pursuance of the said Act, or prevented by actual Sickness, as has been certified to me by a Medical Pra&itioner, or as has been otherwise proved to my Satisfaction, and who is not an effective Man.

Signed, K. L,

Commanding Officer.

Dated the

[If Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloathing have not been received, such Circumstance mud be specially certified.]

SCHEDULE (C.)

To A.B. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

J K. L. Commanding Officer of the of Yeomanry, or Infantry [as the Case may be] serving in

the County of or City of [as the Case may be] do hereby certify". That

C.D. of [his Description and Parish] is an effective Member of the said Corps or Company [as the Case may be] within the Provisions of an Act passed in the forty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

Signed, K. L.

Commanding Officer.

Dated the

SCHEDULE (D.)

ABSTRACT of MUSTER ROLLS to be transmitted by the Clerks of the General Meetings of Counties to his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State

To his Majesty's Principal Secretary of State*

Abstract of Mofler Rolls of Corps and Companies of Yeomanry and Volunteers, within the of

received by me, 0. P. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the fame, since the Day of

in the Year

*'Names and Deficriptions of Corps. Number of Pet ions enrolled and serving therein. Number of Persons exempt from Militia, and Army of Reserve. When Inspected, or if willing to be so.

I. Yeomanry - 600 200 Inspe&ed 25 OCtr. 180

2. D° 700 lOO

3- Infantry - 1, 000 600 Not inspected, but willing to

4* Artillery - 700 400 be so.

D° - D°

See. &c. &c. &c.

SCHEDULE (E.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

Commanding Officer of the do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act passed in the forty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of the As] That the several Persons herein named and described arc severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps, as effectice Members thereof, and were effective Members up to and on the fifth Day of April preceding the Date of this Certificate.

Signed

Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

L,

102

*, G. c. iz.

5 G. J. c. 46. 24 G. 3. c. 30.

3» G. 3. c. 5.

35 G. 3-

41G. 3. c. 86.

(5*) rt >*)

<S »3 )

So much of 41 G. 3. c. 86. above-recited repealed, itc.

Licences for retailing Ale, &c. which shall h«

C. 55. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

CAP. LV.

An Act for more fffeftually preventing the Sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed; and for altering the Times of granting Licences to fell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail.

[5th June 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, /In Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for establish'tng a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland; and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain Case therein mentioned; a Stamp Duty of twenty Shillings is imposed on Licences for selling Ale, Btcr, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, to bw raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout Great Britain, in Manner thereby directed; and by another Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admijftons into Corporations or Companies, and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, the Provisions in the former Act, for issuing the said Licences, and for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the Duties thereupon, are altered and amended; and by another Act, passed in the twentyfourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duly upon Licences for* retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, an additional Stamp Duty of ten Shillings and Sixpence is granted on the said Licences 5 and by another Act, passed in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amendfo much of two Acts, made in the twenty sixth and twentyninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for better regulating Alehouses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future; and also of granting Licences to Persons felling Wines to be drank in their Houses, the said Duty and an additional Duty are extended to Persons felling Foreign Wines or British-made Wines or Sweets by Retail to be drapk

in their House6 or Places adjoining thereto; and by another Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly licensed, so much of the said Act of Parliament, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as is therein recited applicable to the pecuniary and corporal Punishment of Persons selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors in that Part of Great Britain called England, and Dominion of Wales % 4 and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, is repealed 5 and by another Act, passed in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures, LeaJ'es, Bonds, or other Deeds; and on Ale Licences; 4 an additional Stamp Duty of ten Shillings and Sixpence is made payable throughout Great Britain on Licences for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, by which last mentioned Act the said Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty 's Reign, is extended to' Scotland; and it is enacted, that, from and after the first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, every Person in Scotland who should keep an Alehouse, Tippling House, or victualling House, or should sell Ale, Beer, or other

exciseable Liquors by Retail, except in Fairs, without being licensed thereto according to the Directions of the several Acts now in force, should be liable to the Penalty of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Penalty and Forfeiture should be recovered and applied as by the said Act is directed 5 and

that all other the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and other Matters and Things prescribed in the said Act, with respect to England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, should extend to Scotland, in like Manner, and be applied and put in practice in Scotland, as if the said Act had been expressly extended thereto; and it is thereby further enacted, that it should be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, Magistrates, or other Persons empowered by any Law or Act or Acts in force to*grant Licences to keep Alehouses, Tippling Houses, or Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, in Scotland, to grant such Licences on or immediately after the fifteenth Day of May in each Year, in like Manner, and with all such and the like Powers, and under and subject to the like Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, a3 such Licences are by Law granted on or immediately after the first Day of November in each Year, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, in any Act or Acts contained relating to the granting any such Licence in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland\ at the Period in each Year in which the same may be granted by Law, shall extend to and be in full Force in relation to the granting such Licences at the Period

in each Year, in the said recited Act mentioned, and should be applied and enforced, and put in practice,

in like manner in every respect for that Purpose, as if all such Clauses, Powers, Ptovifoes, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, were severally and separately re-enacted in and made Part of the said Act: And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties,

Forfeitures, and other Matters and Things prescribed by the said Act, passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, cannot be carried into full Effect in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and likewise that it is inexpedient to have two Terms for issuing the Licences before-mentioned, or to issue the same oftener than once in the Year, at the accustomed Term of Entry to and Removal from Houses in 1 Scotland or Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, passed in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as is above recited, shall be and is hereby repealed, except as to all Judgements obtained, or Prosecutions in Dependance or to be commenced for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Offence committed previously to the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Licences for retailing Ale, Beer, and other exciseable Liquors, to be graajted by the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh within Scotland, or their Clerks, in the Month of Qdober

One

44° GEORGII III.

C. 55-

103

granted in Scotland by Magistrates of Burgh* in October, or by Justices in Nov. 1805, limited to X«lay 1805.

Licences in future shall be

One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be and the same are hereby limited to the fourteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, and that all such Licences to be granted by the Justices of Peace of any Shire or Stewartry within Scotland, or their Clerks, in the Month of November One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the same are hereby limited to the twenty-firli Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five; and that it shall not thereafter be lawful for any Magistrates of Royal Burghs, or Justices of the Peace within Scotland, or their Clerks, or the Deputies of such Clerks, to issue any such Licence as aforesaid, at any other Time, or in any other Manner than is herein after mentioned; any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary' notwithstanding.

granted only under this Act,

t Persons so licensed may continue to retail Ale, for Term of existing Licence, §3. — If Persons so licensed« cease to retail Ale under the old Licences in May 1805, or then take out a new Licence, they shall be " entitled to an Allowance of eighteen Shillings anti Four-pence on account of the Stamp Duty paid, §4."

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, in every Royal Burgh, and from and after the twenty-second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, in every Shire and Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, ro Person shall, directly or indirectly, keep any Ale House, Tippling House, or Victualling House, or sell Ale, Beer, Spirits,

Strong Waters, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, but such Persons only as shall be annually admitted, allowed, and licensed according to the Directions contained in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrates of each Royal Burgh within Scotland, shall yearly and every Year, on the fifteenth Day of May, or the next lawful Day thereafter, the first Meeting to be on the fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, assemble and meet together at the Time and Place, when and where they usually have met for transaCling the Business of such Royal Burgrh; and the said Magistrates, or any two of them at least, shall, at such annual Meeting, admit, allow, and license for the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as the said Magistrates, or two of them at the lead, shall think meet and convenient to keep Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Hotifes, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail within every such Royal Burgh and the Royalty thereof; and the said Magistrates, or two of them at the least, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Person so by them admitted, allowed, and licensed, a Licence ingrossed, written, or printed upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, signed by two of the said Magistrates, and by the Clerk of such Royal Burgh, and legally stampt with a Stamp or Stamps denoting the said several Duties of twenty Shillings, and ten Shillings and Sixpence, and ten Shillings and Sixpence, or the total Amount thereof, being two Pounds one Shilling, for each of which Licences a Fee of one Shilling, over and above the said Stamp Duties, and no more, shall be paid and payable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any Royal Burgh there shall not be a sufficient Number of Magistrates capable to grant Licences pursuant to the Qualification and Directions of this Act, at any of the Times w hen Licences for Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, or Victualling Houses in the Royal Burghs, are hereby appointed to be granted; then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry in which such Royal Burgh or Boroughs shall be situated, to grant Licences for such Royal Burgh or Boroughs at the same Time and in the same Manner as they are hereby empowered to do for the Shire or Stewartry, and all Licences so granted for Royal Burghs by Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry, shall continue in force until the next annual Day for granting Licences according to this Act and no longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in each Shire and Stewartry within Scotland,

shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby empowered and required annually to assemble and meet together, in their respective Shiies and Stewartries, on the twenty second Day of May, or on the next lawful Day thereafter, at the Hour and Place when and where the General Quarter Sessions for such Shire or Stewartry have usually been held, on the twenty-second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, and at such annual Meeting to admit, allow, and license for the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as the major Part of the Justices then assembled shall think meet and convenient, to keep Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, within such respective Shire or Stewartry, or in the Event before mentioned, within any Royal Burgh or Boroughs situated in such Shire or Stewartry; and the said Justices shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Person so by them admitted, allowed, and licensed, a Licence ingrossed, written, or printed upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, signed by the Prefes of the said Meeting and by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Shire or Stewartry, and legally stamped with a Stamp or Stamps, denoting the said several Duties, of twenty Shillings, ten Shillings and Sixpence, and ten Shillings and Sixpence, or the total Amount thereof, being two Pounds one Shilling; for each of which Licences there shall be paid and payable a Fee of one Shilling to the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble, over and above the said Stamp Duties, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That neither his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, nor any of the Collectors or Supervisors of Excise, or any other Officers by the said Commissioners appointed to deliver Licences to the Retailers of any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall grant or deliver any such Licence to any Person who shall not produce a Licence, duly stamped, granted to him or her in due Form of Law, by Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Person licensed to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, in Terms of this Act, shall die or remove from the Ale House, or other Place wherein such Ale, Beer, or other Liquors, shall, by virtue of his or her Licence, be sold, it shall and may be lawful for the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such Person so dying or removing, who shall be possessed of such House or Place, or the Occupier thereof, to sell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors therein, during the Reliduc of the Term for which such Licence shall have been granted to the Person so dying or removing.

3 XI. And

After May (15 — 22) 1805, no Person shall keep any Ale House, &c. in Scotland unlcf* licensed under (his Alt.

Magistrates of Burghs shall grant Licences for selling Ale, See. on the 15th May yearly.

Stamp Duty 21. is. and a Fee of 1 s.

In default of Magistrates, Justices for Shiies may grant Ale Licences, fox Burghs, &c.

Justices in Shire* shall meet annually on May 22, and license Persons to sell Ale, Sec,

Excise shall not deliver Licence* to retail Spirits, except to Person* producing Licences 10 sell Ale, &c. Occupier, Sec, of the Pemifei may sell Ale, Sec, after the Death 01 Removal of the Pc» ton licensed.

PterfcxM felling Ate, Sec. in a Prison deemed Ale House Keepers.

Clerks of Burghs and Clerks of Peace in default of the Meeting of Magistrates or Justices, may grant Licences, Sec.

[Query,

Succeeding, J

(See $ 6.)

and so in case of Magistrates or Justices not completely executing their powers*

Penalty on fticli Clerks for Neg-tol.

(See §6.)

Clerks shall annually make a List of the Persons licensed, and transmit a Copy to the Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh.

Penalty on Neg-to 1.

C*55* 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

XL Add be it further enacted, That every Person who shall sell Ale, Beer, or other Liquors* by Retail, in any Prison or House of Correction, or Workhouse appointed for the Reception of poor Persons, shall be deemed a I^eeper of a common Ale House, or Tippling House, and shall be subject to the Penalties inflicted by Law on the Keepers of common Ale Houses and Tippling Houses, unlefa he or she shall obtain from the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, according to due Course of Law, a Licence (duly damped) to retail such Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, in case the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh, or the Justices of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, within Scotland) shall, in that or any preceding* Year, neglect to assemble upon the Days, and at the Time and Places before-mentioned, in order to admit and license for the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as they shall think meet and convenient to keep Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, within their respective Boroughs, Shire?, and Stewartrie8, according to the Directions of this Act, then and in that Case it shall be lawful to the Clerk of any such Royal Burgh, or his lawful Deputy, and to the Clerk tof the Peace of any such Shire or Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy respectively, and they are hereby required, after making an Entry or Record that the Magistrates or Justices of Peace aforesaid, had neglected to assemble in pursuance of this A d, to deliver or cause to be delivered, to every Person living or residing within such Royal Burgh, Shire, or Stewartry respectively, who shall apply for the same (unless such Person shall be disqualified to have a Licence), a Licence engrossed, written, or printed, upon a Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with a Stamp or Stamps, denoting the several Duties before-mentioned, or the total Amount thereof, and signed by the Clerk of such Royal Burgh, or the Clerk of the Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or their lawful Deputies respectively 5 for each of which Licences there shall be paid and payable the Sums before-mentioned in this Act, and no more; and which Licences, so signed and delivered by the Clerk of any Royal Burgh, or the Clerk of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, or their lawful Deputies respectively, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as good and effectual to the Receiver or Receivers thereof, as if the same had been allowed, granted, and signed, in a Meeting of the Magistrates of such Royal Burgh, or Justices of Peace of such Shire or Stewartry,

XIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh, or the Justices of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry within Scotland) assembled upon the Days appointed by this Act for executing the Powers thereby committed to them, shall find it necessary, it shall and may be lawful for them to continue or adjourn their Meeting to the next lawful Day, and no longer; and in case the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh, or the Justices of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, shall not, upon one or other of those Days, completely execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, by allowing or refusing the Petition or Claim of every Person within their several Districts, who shall apply to them for a Licence to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, then and in that Case, it shall be lawful to the Clerk of such Royal Burgh, or his lawful Deputy, and to the Clerk of the Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy respectively, and they are hereby required, after making an Entry or Record that the said Magistrates or Jirftices of Peace liad not completely executed the Powers committed to them by this Act, to deliver or cause to be delivered to every Person who shall have so applied to the Magistrates or Justices of Peace aforesaid, and upon whose Application no Deliverance or Order shall have been made as aforesaid, a Licence duly stamped as aforesaid, and signed by such Clerk as before directed, which shall be as good and effectual to the Receiver thereof as if the same had been allowed, granted, and signed in a Meeting of the said Magistrates or Justices respectively: Provided always, that no Clerk of any Royal Burgh, or Clerk of the Peace, or their Deputies, shall grant any Licence under this Act at any other Time than within three Days following the Days appointed by this Act for the Magistrates or Justices of Peace to grant the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Clerk of any Royal Burgh, or any Clerk of the Peace, or their Deputies, shall, in either of the Cases before expressed, refuse to sign and to deliver such Licence to any Person applying for the same as aforesaid, and offering Payment of the Stamp Duties with the foresaid Fee of one Shilling, then each of them so offending shall forfeit and pay to each and every Person to whom or for whose Behoof such Licence ought to have been delivered as aforesaid, the Sum of ten Pounds, with full Cods of Suit; to be sued for ana recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, in Manner herein after directed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Royal Burgh, and the Clerk of the Peace of each Shire or Stewartry respectively, shall be holden and obliged annually to make up a true and exact Lift in a Book or Register to be kept for that Purpose, of the Names, Designations, or Additions and Places of Abode of all Persons within their respective Districts, to whom Licences for retailing Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, shall be delivered in pursuance of this or the aforesaid Act, which Lift shall be signed in the Book or Register aforesaid by the Clerk of each Royal Burgh, or Clerk of the Peace of each Shire or Stewartry, or their lawful Deputies respectively, and shall, be carefully preserved with the other Records under their Care; and the Clerk of each Royal Burgh, and the Clerk of the Peace of each Shire or Stewartry, and their Deputies respectively, shall be holden and obliged, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June in every Year, to transmit to the Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh an exact Copy of such Lilt taken from the said Book or Register, duly attested and ligned by such Clerk or his Deputy, and in case any Clerk or his Deputy shall neglect or fail to make up and sign such Lift in a Book or Register as above directed, or shall neglect or fail to transmit an exact Copy of such Lift as entered in the said Book or Register to the Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh as above required, the Person or Persons offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, in Manner herein after directed; and in case any such Clerk or his Deputy shall wilfully omit to insert in the aforesaid Register, or in the Copy thereof, to

8 be

be transmitted as aforesaid, the Name of any Person who shall be licensed to retail Ale, Beer, or other ex-cifeable Liquors, within their several Districts, or shall wilfully insert in such Register, or Copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid, the Name of any Person as licensed who shall not have been so licensed, such Clerk shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings for each Person licensed whose Name shall be omitted to be ir.ferted in the said Register or Copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid; and five Pounds for each Person not licensed, whose Name shall be inserted in such Register or Copy thereof; to be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, in Manner herein after directed.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who, after the passing of this Act, shall keep an Ale House, Tippling House, or Victualling House, or shall sell Ale, Beer, Spirit?, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, except in Fairs, or who shall fell Foreign Wines or British-made Wines, or Sweets, by Retail, to be drank in their Houses or Places adjoining thereto, without being licensed according to the Directions of this Act, or the former Acts before noticed, and shall be thereof con-vided in Manner herein after mentioned, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence the Sum of five Pounds, for the second Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, and for the third, or any subsequent Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and shall, after the said third Offence, be incapable of keeping an Ale House, Tippling House, or Victualling House, or of selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquor?, by Retail, or of having any Licence for such Purpose thereafter; all which respective Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court, or before any Just ice or Justicej of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry, or the Baillie Court of any Royal Burgh, within whose Jurisdiction respectively the Offender or Offenders shall reside, by any Person who shall inform, and sue, and prosecute for the fame: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges before whom any Prosecution shall be brought for a first or second Offence in felling exciseable Liquors without the Licence hereinbefore prescribed, if he or they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lefTen the foresaid Penalties to the Extent of one Half, but no further, so that the Judge or Judges shall not be at Liberty to reduce the Penalty for a first Offence below two Pounds ten Shillings, or the Penalty for a second Offence below five Pounds; and in every case of Mitigation, the Expences of Conviction must be awarded against the Offender over and above the mitigated Penalties.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons sued or prosecuted for retailing as aforesaid, without Licence, may and shall be legally convicted thereof, on their own Confe(lion, or on the Oath of one credible Witness, or upon Evidence, by the Stock Book or other Accounts kept by the Gauger or Officer of Excise, which he is required to produce, attested by the Oath of such Gauger or Officer, that the Person so sued or prosecuted has been charged or surveyed as Victualler or Retailer, and has been charged with the same Duties of Excise that Victuallers and Retailers are usually charged with and pay for all Beer and other exciseable Liquors within the Period mentioned in the Informafion, Complaint, or other Process.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures herein-before described may be sued for or prosecuted before the respective Courts herein-before appointed, by summary Complaint or ordinary Action, within six Months after the committing of the Offence, and shall be payable, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame, and may be recovered and levied either by the usual Execution of the Law of Scotland, or by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender (rendering to him or her the Overplus after the Charges of the said Distress and Sale shall be deduced), by a Warrant, signed by the Judge, Justice, or Magistrate, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, and which Warrant shall contain Power to enter Houses, and break open Doors, in order to make such Distress effectual, and may be carried into Execution without Necessity of any previous Intimation of the Conviction: Provided always, that no such Warrant for Distress shall be carried into Execution before the Expiration of six Days after the Conviction of every such Offender; and the Clerk or Clerks of the respective Courts aforesaid before whom any Conviction of any of the Offences aforesaid shall proceed, shall, and they are hereby required carefully to preserve the whole Grounds and Warrants of every such Conviction amongst the other Records of such Court, and shall not be obliged to return or certify the same to any other Court; any Thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Process or Sentence under the Authority of this Act shall be subject to the Review of the Court of Session in Scotland, but that it shall and may be lawful to any Person or Persons who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence or Decree of any Judge, Justice, or Magistrate, conviding him, her, or them of any of the Offences aforesaid described in this Act, within three Days after the Date of such Decree or Sentence to appeal to the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, which Appeal shall either be taken in open Court, in Presence of the Judge, Justice, or Magistrate, who shall have pronounced the Decree or Sentence appealed from, by a Writing ligned by the Appellant or his Procurator, or at the Office of the Clerk of such Court, by a Writing signed as aforesaid, all which Appeals the Clerk of such Court shall carefully lodge and preserve along with the Proceedings in the original Suit; and the Person or Persons so appealing shall, withiij, six Days after lodging such Appeal, give in to the Clerk of the said Court his Reasons of Appeal, and a Bond with a sufficient Surety to prosecute the said Appeal with Effect, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed from be affirmed, and which Reasons of Appeal and Bond shall likewise be lodged and preserved by the said Clerk along with the Proceedings in the original Suit; and in case the Person or Persons so appealing shall neglect to give in his Reasons of Appeal and Bond to prosecute the same as above required, the Appeal shall be holden as passed from, and the Sentence or Decree against which the Appeal was taken shall, to all Intents and Purposes, become final, and be carried into Execution according to the Directions of this Act; and in case the Reasons of Appeal and Bond for

Geo. III. P prosecuting

or for undue omission or infeition of Name#, 40 s.

CaCh.

Penalty on IV-suns keeping Ale Houses, Sec. without Licence.

First offence, 5 1. Second, 101. Third, 201. and Forfeiture of Licence.

Mitigation

What Proof is

necessary for CoQwltion.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Court of Exchequer, Ice.

One Baron mny

determine such Appeal either in or out ol Term.

No Just ice or Magi ft rate who is a Brewer, Sec. shall act in any Meeting for granting Licences.

Tenalty 50L

Actions to be laid in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh.

general I flue.

Treble Oofs.

prosecuting the same shall be duly lodged as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Court appealed from shall and is hereby required, within fourteen Days after the Date of such Appeal, to transmit to the Solicitor of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh a full Extract of the whole Proceedings in the original Suit, and of the Decree or Sentence following thereupon, and of the Appeal, and Reasons of Appeal and Bond for prosecuting the fame* duly ligned by him or his lawful Deputy, for which he shall be entitled to receive the ordinary Fees of an extracted Decree, and which Extract the Solicitor of the Stamp Duties shall immediately lodge in the Office of the King's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, and so soon as such Extract shall be so lodged, it shall and may be lawful to either Party, Appellant or Respondent, to apply to the Barons of the said Court, or any one of them, as well out of Term Time as in Term Time, in order to have a Day appointed for hearing and determining such Appeal, and the said Barons, or any of them, shall accordingly appoint such Day as they shall think proper, ot which due Notice shall be given by the Party who applied for such Day, to the other Party in the said Appeal, ten Days at lead before the Day for hearing and determining such Appeal. "

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Barons, or any one of them, shall, and he or they is or are hereby empowered, as well out of Term Time as in Term Time, to hear and determine such Appeal, and to give such Judgment thereupon as to him or them shall seem just, and to award full Costs of Suit in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed from shall be affirmed, which Judgment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, and subject to no other Review whatsoever 5 and the said Barons, or any one of them, who shall give such Judgment, may and shall grant Warrant for levying the Sum or Sums awarded by such Judgment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons against whom such Judgement shall be given, and his, her, or their Surety or Sureties, and for such other Execution of the Law, in the same Way and Manner as the inferior Judge, Justice, ' or Magistrate before whom the original Suit was brought, might have done for levying any of the Penalties inflicted by this Act.

XXI. And whereas it is expedient that Persons empowered to grant Licences by virtue of this Act should*not be swayed by Interest in the Execution of the Powers vested m them be it therefore enacted, That no Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in any Shire, Stewartry, or Royal Burgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who is a Brewer, Maltster, Distiller, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, or is concerned in Partnership or otherwise with any Brewer, Maltster, Distiller, or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liauors, at any of the Time or Times when any of the Powers in this Act are to be executed, shall act in any of the Meetings for granting any Licence or Licences, or shall convict or join in any Conviction directed by this Act; and every Magistrate or Justice of the Peace who shall offend in any of the Premises shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will fuc for the fame, within six Months after such Offence is committed, by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed 5 which said Penalty of fifty Pounds shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Person who sues for the fame, and the other Moiety to the Collector of the Eels for the Shire or Stewartry within which such Justice or Magistrate has ' offended, to be applied for the Reparation of the Highways or Bridges in such Shire or Stewartry, in such Manner as the Persons who by Law have the ordering and directing of such Reparations, shall think proper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, or other Prosecution, shall be had* brought, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing, by him* her, or them done or committed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, that then, in every such Cale, the Action, Suit, or Prosecution shall be laid and prosecuted in the Court of Exchequer in Edinburgh, and not elsewhere; and that in every such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, the Defendant or Defendants may plead the General issue, and give this Act and any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and any other Matter or Thing* in Evidence; and in case there shall be a Verdict or Verdicts therein for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgment therein shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecuters, shall become nonsuited, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall discontinue such Action or Suit, that then, and in every such Case, the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall recover his, her, or their Treble Costs of Suit.

r$fee c. 66./or Scotland, and t, 74.. for Ireland, and c. 96. for London.]

4*G 3. C. 90. A permanent additional Force that) -be raised in England, and

CAP. LVI.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces 5 and for the graduaUReduftion of the Militia of England.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional Force should be established and maintained under Regular Officers, for the pefence of the Realm, and for augmenting and supplying his Majesty's Regular Forces; and that the Militia of England should bq gradually reduced, under certain Restrictions and

Regulations, to the original Quotas specified in an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a permanent additional Force shall be established and maintained in- England, and shall be raised and completed in the Manner by this Act directed; and from and after the Completion of such additional Force under this Act, the (Quotas to be maintained and supplied in the Manner directed by this Act, by each of the several Counties in England, shall be as follows; that is to say:

{applied according to Quotas &xcd for the feteral Counties,

3 For

A.D. 1804. 44' GEORGII III. C. 56. 107

For the County of Bedford four hundred and twenty-two;

For the County of Berks seven hundred and forty-eight \

For the County of Bucks seven hundred and ninety-eight;

For the County of Cambridge six hundred and forty-one;

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, one thousand one hundred and eighty;

For the Cinque Ports four hundred and forty-two;

For the County of Cornwall eight hundred and sixty-two;

For the County of Cumberland eight hundred and twenty 5

For the County of Derby one thousand two hundred and fifty-two;

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, two thousand and sixteen;

For the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool\ five hundred and forty-eight;

For the County of Durham six hundred and fifty-six 5

For the County of Essex one thousand six hundred and fifty-eight

For the County of Gloucjler, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the Citypf Bristol, one thousand five hundred and fifty;

For the County of Hereford six hundred and ninety-three;

For the County of Hertford six hundred and forty;

For the County of Huntingdon two hundred and twelve;

For the County of Kent, with, the City and County of the City of Canterbury (and exclusive of the Cinque Ports), one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight;

For the County of Lancaster three thousand two hundred and fifty-two;

For the County of Leicester eight hundred and fifty-seven 5

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four;

For the County of Middlesex (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets), four.thousand and fifty;

For the City of London one thousand six hundred;

For tbp Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, one thousand four hundred and ninety-three;

For the County of Monmouth three hundred and seventy-three;

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, one thousand six hundred and twelve;

For the County of Northampton nine hundred and sixty-five;

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, eight hundred and sixty-five;

For the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, seven hundred and fifty-two;

For the County of Oxford eight hundred and four;

For the County of Rutland one hundred and ten;

For the County of Salop one thousand three hundred and twenty-one 5 .For the County of Somerset two thousand and seventy-fonr;

For the County of Southampton % with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, one thousand one hundred and thirty-three 5 For the IJU of Wight one hundred and forty-nine;

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, one thousand five hundred and ten;

For the County of Suffolk one thousand three hundred and eighty-nine;

For the County of Surrey one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one;

For the County of Sussex, exclusive of the Cinque Ports, one thousand and seventy;

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, one thousand one hundred and thirty-seven;

For the County of Wjhnorland three hundred and twenty-four;

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, eight hundred and twenty-one;

For the County of Wilts one thousand two hundred and twenty-two 5

For the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, three thousand two hundred and thirty-eight;

For the North Riding of the said County one thousand two hundred and fourteen;

For the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hvll, ^m hundred and fifty-two;

For the County of Stnglefea one hundred and seventy;

For the County of Brecknock two hundred and seventy-two;

For the County of Cardigan three hundred and twenty-five 5

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, five hundred and forty;

For the County of Carnarvon one hundred and seventy 5 For the County of Denbigh four hundred and fifty-eight;

For the County of Flint two hundred and sixty-eight;

For the County of Glamorgan five hundred and thirty-seven;

For the County of Merioneth one hundred and sixty-one;

F0* the County of Montgomery three hundred and seventy*two;

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford-Wefi, two hundred and 58, 235

sixty-eight 5 and, eficftb* men. J

For the County of Radnor one hundred and eighty-six.

P 2 IL And

A.D. 1804.

Men appearing by Returns under this Act, (See §6.) to be deficient under 41 G. 3. c. 82. shall be immediately raised; and atfo actual Deficiency ascertained and certified according to this Act, (See §3 — 10.)

Inspector General of Army of Reserve shall snake Returns of Men raised under 43 G. 3. c. 82. and De. ficiencies, Sec.

(S* Schedule (AO to Clerks of General Meetings, and on Notice by them to County Lieutenant; a special Meeting shall be summoned of which said In-fjpeftor shall have Notice, &c.

Inspector General may appoint Persons to attend Meetings, and affilt in examining Returns, Sec*

Subdivision Clerks shall transmit to Clerks of General Meetings, Accounts of the Number of Men 'ballotted, &c. tinder 42 G. 3. c. 82. (See Schedule (8.) Penalty for Ne-Sec. 20 U

Clerks of General Meetings shall, for Use of Inspector General and of the Meetings, &c. make out Returns (AVv Schedule (C.) of Men laised under 42 Q. 3. c. 82.

II. And be it farther enacted, That in the several Counties in which the fall Number of Men required to be raised by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more cjfc&ually to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the Unked Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, shall not hare been raised pursuant to the Provisions thereof respectively, the Number of Men that shall appear to be deficient upon the Returns to be made under this Act by the Clerks of General Meetings, shall forthwith and without any Delay be raised in Manner in this Act directed, for the additional Force under this Act; and when and so soon as the actual Number of Men deficient in any such County shall have been ascertained under this Act, and certified pursuant to the Provisions thereof, if such Number shall exceed the Number returned deficient by the Clerk of the General Meetings, then and in such Case the Remainder of such Deficiency shall be forthwith raised in such County, for such additional Force 5 unless the fall Number of Men specified as the Number deficient shall have been raised and completed therein, before the Delivery of the Certificate of the Deficiencies and Vacancies under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector General of the Army of Reserve, or his Deputy, shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as may be, transmit to the Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the several Counties in England, in which the whole Number of Men required by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall not have been raised, or in which any Deficiencies may remain therein, or in which any Vacancies may have arisen, which have not been supplied, an Account, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (AA, specifying the Numbers of Men that have been received, and that have been discharged, or have died or deserted, before the latest Period to which such such Account- can be made up, and the Number of effective Men serving, and the Nurabct- that shall remain deficient of the whole Quotas in such additional Force in such respective Counties; and every such Clerk of General Meetings shall immediately give Notice of the Receipt of Inch Account to the Lieutenant, or, in his Absence, to the Vice .Lieutenants respectively of the County to which he shall belong, who shall forthwith summon a Special Meet* ing of Lieutenancy of such County, to meet within any Period, not exceeding twenty-one Days nor less than fourteen Days, after the Receipt of such Account as aforesaid; and every such Clerk to the General Meet* ings shall also immediately give Notice in Writing of the Place and Day and Hour appointed for such Meeting of Lieutenancy, to the said Inspector General, or his Deputy; and on the Requea of the Inspector General, or his Deputy, signified to the Clerk of the General Meeting, such Day may be altered, by publick Notice from two Deputy Lieutenants printed in some County Paper, to any Day, not exceeding fourteen Days from the first Day so appointed, nor less than seven Days from such Notice, " and the Clerk of General Meetings shall thereupon forthwith give Notice of such Alteration.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Inspector General, or his Deputy, to appoint in Writing one or more proper Persons to attend at each of such General Meetings, who shall assist the Deputy Lieutenants at such Meetings during the Examination of such Accounts, and of all other Papers relating thereto, or to the raising of any such additional Force, or any Deficiencies therein, and in the comparing the same with the Returns to be made by the Clerks of General Meetings under this Act, and for the Purpose of giving any such Information on the behalf of the Inspector General as may be necessary $ and the Inspector General aforesaid or his Deputy shall, as soon as may be after the passing of this Act, transmit to the respective Clerks of the General Meetings the Names of the Persons so appointed by him for the Purpose aforesaid, and of their Places of Residence.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such Counties shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, make out, for the Use of the Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy of their respective Counties, an Account, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.), of the Number of Men who have been ballotted to serve in such additional Force as aforesaid, for their respective Subdivisions, since the last Returns made by them, to such Clerks of the General Meetings respectively, if any such Returns shall have been made, and if no such Returns shall have been made, then since the passing of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; specifying in such Returns the Names of the Men so ballotted to serve as aforesaid, and the Parishes or Places for which they have been ballotted, and which of such Men are actually serving or have provided Substitutes to serve in such additional Force, and which of them have paid the Penalties by the said recited Acts imposed, for not serving or finding a Substitute to serve therein; and if any such Clerk of any Subdivision Meetings shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, for the Space of ten Days after the passing of this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any such Penalty may be recovered under any Act relating to the Militia, or under this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the General Meetings in such Counties respectively shall make out, for the Use of such Meetings of Lieutenancy, Returns in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.); and shall specify in such Returns the Number and Names of the Men who have been raised and enrolled in their respective Counties, and also the Divisions, Parishes, and Places, or United Parishes and Places for which such Men shall have been so raised and enrolled, and the Number deficient in each of such Divisions, Parishes, or Places, or United Parishes or Places, as far as the same can be ascertained, and shall also specify the Number and Names of the Men discharged, together with the Number and Names of all Men certined or known to have deserted or died since their Enrolment; and shall respectively transmit such Returns to the Persons so appointed in the respective Counties and Places as aforesaid by the Inspector General, five Days at least before the Days respectively appointed for the first General Meetings of Lieutenancy as aforesaid, and shall at the same Time transmit Duplicates of such Returns to the Inspector General aforesaid, or his Deputy, and shall also produce at such General Meetings as aforesaid, corrtft Duplicates of such Re*

turns.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 56. 109

turns, together with any other Papers, Vouchers, and Documents, relating to such additional Force as afore-

laid, as may be requisite to facilitate the Investigation and Comparison of such Accounts and Returns; and if Penalty for Nc-

any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make or transmit any such Return or Duplicate, or to produce any gled# &c.°l*

such Duplicate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and

pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered

under any Ad relating to the Militia.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons so appointed by the In- Personsappoint-spedor General or his Deputy as aforesaid, and every such Person and Persons is and are hereby authorized at ed by inspector any Time after the passing of this Act, during the period of his or their being employed in the Execution of 95"?*. this Act, at all seasonable Times to insped, examine, and take Copies of any Returns, Papers, Books, inspc£Returns Vouchers, or Documents, relating to the levying or completing the said additional Force, that may be in the &cVln Possession Custody or Possession of the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County for which he or they shall have of Clerk of G»-been appointed for the Purpose aforesaid. neral Meetings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants of such respective Counties shall assemble At Special

at such Special Meetings as aforesaid, and adjourn such Meetings if necessary, so as that every such adjourned Meeting* Meeting shall be held within seven Days after the Meeting immediately preceding; and shall carefully examine tSee $ 3*) Ac* and compare the Accounts of the Inspector General so transmitted as aforesaid, and the Returns which shall General

be produced and laid before them by the Clerks of the General Meetings, and all other proper Documents and &c. flull beex-Vouchers that may be produced at such Meetings, by any Person or Persons so appointed by the Inspector amined, and a General as aforesaid, together with all such Returns, Vouchers, Papers, and Documents, as may be in the Statement and Hands of the Clerks of the General Meetings relating to such additional Force, and to the Deficiencies that

may exiil therein; and shall, after such Examination and Comparison as aforesaid, cause to be made out a ?0 ^aised See! Statement and Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), specifying the fee Schedule* Numbers of Men that shall have been raised and enrolled in their respective Countie?, and in the respective (D.) and Copie* Subdivisions and Parishes thereof, and the Numbers of Men so raised that shall have been discharged, and the fem 10 lhe In-Numbers that shall have died or have deserted, and the Numbers that shall have enlisted for General Service; ^JraJjculc, and the Deputy Lieutenants present at such Meetings shall sign two of such Statements and Certificates, and n4J^ y CU C* cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said inspector General or his Deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to the Lieutenants or their Vice Lieutenants of such respective Counties.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant to whom any Lieutenant* such Statement and Certificate shall be transmitted as aforesaid, who shall fee Reason to apprehend that the may cause other same is erroneous or defective, or who shall receive his Majesty's Directions, to be communicated by one of Special Meet-his principal Secretaries of State for that Purpose, to cause another Special Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants >ng» 10 be sura-to be summoned to meet within fourteen Days to re-examine the fame sand the Deputy Lieutenants at such ^an^na°ion of Meeting, together with any Person or Persons so appointed by the inspector General as aforesaid, shall meet statement*, and re-examine such Statement and Certificate, and examine any further Information that may be laid before

them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the same as they shall see fit; t*cd such Deputy Lieutenants shall sign two of the Statements and Certificates so confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith > transmitted to the said inspector General or his Deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to such Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant as aforesaid; and every such Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant shall, on the Receipt Lieutensnti of such first Statement and Certificate, if he shall see no Reason to apprehend that the same is erroneous or (*S° Staw-defective, or if no Directions shall have been communicated to such Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant respectively, menu* through one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, within fourteen Days, or after such Re-examination thereof as aforesaid, sign the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of fourteen Days after the passing of MiliiUof Eng-this Act, the Militia raised in the several Counties in England, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year l-mdlhaH be

of his present Majesty, relating to the Militia, shall be gradually reduced, in the Manner and under and sub- 5T«3hSthe©ri-jed to the Restrictions and Regulations in this Act contained, in each of the several Counties in England, to g"Caj q°oUS° the Quotas in the said Act specified as to such Counties respectively, and from and after such Reduction shall under42G.3« have taken place under this Act, the Numbers specified in the said Act as the original Quotas of such respective c. 90.

Counties, exclusive of any Supplementary Militia, and no more, shall be supplied, and continue to serve for each of such Counties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of fourteen Days after the passing of Where the ori-ihis Ad, no Man shall be ballotted or be enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, in which the Emal 9"ot*.or Number of Men actually serving in the Militia shall exceed or amount to such original Quota as aforesaid,

or for the supplying any Vacancies then exitting, or that may thereafter arise in such Militia, until the Mi- !ake place till litia of such County shall be reduced below the original Quota thereof specified in the said Act relating to the Number is the Militia. reduced.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every County in which the full Number of Men required for the Where there is

Militia of such County shall not have been completed, or in which any Vacancies that shall have arisen therein »°y Deficiency shall not have been supplied, there shall be raised in Manner in this Act directed, as soon after the Expiration aw|

of such Period of fourteen Days as aforesaid as the same can be done, for the additional Force under this Act, a thereto Number equal to the Whole of the Deficiency that shall then exist in the Militia of such County; and as often raised for Force as any Vacancies shall thereafter arise by the Death, Desertion, or Discharge of any Men serving in the Militia of under ihi* Ad, .such County, and until by Means of such Vacancies the Militia of such County shall be reduced to the original

Quota thereof, there shall be raised in like Manner, according to the Provisions of this Act, for the additional.

Force under this Act, a Number equal to the Amount of such Vacancies.

no C. 56. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Where there is less than the original Quota of Militia, that Deficiency shall fit ft be raised.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Number of Men actually serving for any County shall be less than the original Quota of such County, then and in such Case a Number fumcient to complete such Quota shall first be raised and enrolled in the Militia of such County, according to the several Acts relating to the Militia.

Vacancies occurring in additional Force by Death, See. shall be certified by Commanding Officer to I11-spect or General, and by him annually, before September 1, to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Vacancy that shall arise in any Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of such additional Force, by Death or Desertion, or in consequence of any Men being reclaimed as Desertenj from his Majesty's other Forces, or from the Marines or Militia, or by such Men being claimed as Apprentices, or becoming unfit for Service and being discharged accordingly, shall be forthwith certified by the Commanding Officer thereof to the Inspector General aforesaid, who shall annually transrait to his Majesty's Privy Council the total Number of such Vacancies aforesaid, that shall have arisen and been certified to him in the Year ending on the first Day of September in each Year.

Privy Council.

9000 Men shall be raised to supply Vacancies arising by En-liftments into Regular Force*, before Oct. 1,805, and so annually not exceeding 9000.

Pt ivy Council shall apportion ftie Nund ers to be annually raised, to supply all Vacancies according to the Militia Quotas of the several Counties; and on Notice to the County Lieutenants, and in the Gazette, ibe Men shall be raised.

Men raised under 43 G. 3. c.Si. deemed Part of Force under this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised in the several Counties in England, for the Year ending on the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, towards supplying the Vacancies that have arisen in such additional Force, by reason of the enlisting of any Persons serving therein into his Majesty's Regular Forces, a further and additional Number of nine thousand Men; and after the Expiration of such Year there shall, as soon after as the same can be done, be raised for the Year beginning on the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and six, for such additional Force, a Number of Men equal to the full Number that shall have enlisted in his Majesty's Regular Forces in the preceding Year 5 and in each and every succeeding Year a Number of Men equal to the Number that shall have enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces in the then preceding Year shall in like Manner be raised for such additional Force: Provided always, that no greater Number than nine thousand Men shall be required to be raised for any one Year, towards the supplying any Vacancies that shall have arisen by the enlisting of Men from such additional Force into his Majesty's Regular Forces in any preceding Year.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Privy Council shall cause such Number of nine thousand Men, and also the Number of Men required to be raised in each succeeding Year, for the supplying the Vacancies arising from the enlisting of Men as aforesaid, together with the total Amount of such Vacancies as aforesaid, which shall have arisen in the Course of the preceding Twelve Mouths in the several Counties in England* to be apportioned among such Counties according to the respective original Quotas of Men, required at the Time of making such Apportionment, to he raised in such respective Counties, under the said Ada relating to the Militia, and shall, as soon after such Apportionment shall have been made, as the same can be done, cause the Numbers fixed and settled by such Apportionment, to be transmitted to the respective Lieutenants of the several Counties in England, or their Vice Lieutenants, and shall also cause Notice thereof to be given in the London Gazette* andirch Lieutenants or Vice Lieutenants shall immediately summon General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in their respective Counties 5 and the Deputy Lieutenants at such Meetings shall divide and apportion the Numbers so fixed and settled among the Hundreds in their respective Counties, and among the several Parishes of such Hundreds, according to the Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Militia, in order that such Men may, as speedily as possible, be raised for the additional Force under the Provisions of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Men raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the additional Force under this Act, and shall be maintained, supplied, and regulated, from and after the pading of this Act, according to the Provisions thereof.

Frcfent Vacancies in the Foice under 43 G. 3. c. 82. and future Vacancies shall be raised under this Act.

43 G. 3« <c. 82. ($ '7-35-) re-Infing to Fines for not providing Men, repealed; and so much of 42 G. 3. c. 90. as relates to Fines for rot

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, no Vacancies which shall have arisen in the said additional Force raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be filled up or supplied by Ballot in the Manner directed by the said recited Act; but all such Vacancies, and also all Vacancies which shall at any Time after the passing of this Act arise in the additional Force to be raised under the Provisions of this Act, by Death or Desertion, or in consequence of any Men being reclaimed as Deserters from his Majesty's other Forces, or from the Marines or Militia, or by such Men being claimed as Apprentices or becoming unfit for Service, and being discharged accordingly, shall be supplied in the Manner directed by this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the assessing or levying of any Fines or Penalties on any Counties or Parishes, in respect of any Men that shall not have been provided according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and so much of the said Act relating to the Militia of England* as relates to the assessing or levying any Fines or Penalties for any Default in not having found and provided Men for the Militia, according to the Provisions of the said Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed as to all Deficiencies existing at the Time of the passing of this Act, and also as to all Vacancies that may hereafter arise in any County, until the Militia shall have been reduced to the original Quota according to the Provisions of this Act.

providing Mili-IV Men (fee

&c.) repealed, till Militia reduced to original Quotas.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Foor of any Parish, at any Time within one Month after the Expiration of such fourteen Days as aforesaid, as to all such Men at are by this Act required to be raised after such Period, in respect of Deficiencies of the Mi-Utia, or such additional Force, and also within one Month after any Apportionment shall have been made at the Subdivision Meeting within such Parish, in respect of speh nine thousand Men as aforesaid, or of any further Number of Men required to supply the Place of any Men that shall have been enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces, or of any Vacancies that shall have arisen in such additional Force, and also at any Time after any such respective Periods as aforesaid, before any Recruit shall have been provided by any Commanding Officer under the Provisions of this Act, to supply any such Deficiency or Vacancy, to provide and produce to the Persona appointed to receive such Men any Person to serve in such additional Force; and every such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, producing any M*m for such additional Force, shall be entitled to rer ceive such Proportion of the whole Bounty to be allowed in respect of each Man, as his Majesty shall from Time to Time by any Regulations made in that Behalf diredfc.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Man who shall be found and provided by any such Churchwardens or Overseers, shall Lave been ordinarily resident thirty Days or more within the Parish for which such Man shall be found and produced, or in some other Parish in the same Subdivision or Hundred, or in forae Parish in the same County, not more than twenty Miles, or in some adjoining County not more than ten Miles distznt from the Parish for which such Man shall be found and produced, and shall produce to the Justke of the Peace or Magistrate before whom he shall be attested, a Certificate of such Residence from any one of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish in which he shall have so redded, which Certificate the Churchwarden or Overseer finding or providing such Man is hereby required to give; and in case such Churchwarden or Overseer shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Certificate to the Man so found and provided by him, or shall knowingly make out and deliver a false Certificate, such Churchwarden or Overseer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom he shall be convicted thereof, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act relating to the Militia.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, or any other Person or Persons to make, raise, or levy any Rate or Rates, or any Subscription or Subscriptions, or Sum or Sums of Money, or to give, advance, or promise any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of inducing any Person to enlist as a Volunteer, in any such additional Force as aforesaid; and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, and other Person who shall in any Manoer pay or give, or advance to any Person any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, or who shall promise any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, other than such Bounty as shall be allowed and paid by or under his Majesty's Regulations in that Behalf, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied under any Act or A&3 relating to the Militia: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, out of any Rate in his Hands for the Relief of the Poor, to advance, for the Subsistence of any Man raised and provided for such Force by any such Parish, during his March to the Place of Rendezvous, any Sum not exceeding the Rate of Pay at two Shillings per Day, of so many Days as would enable such Man to march from the Place where he was raised, to such Place of Rendezvous, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of Halting Days: Provided always, that all Sums of Money so advanced, in respect of any Men that shall be approved and attested for such additional Force, shall be repaid to such Overseer by the Officer appointed for receiving such Men, to be by such Overseers carried to the Account of the Rates from which the same shall have been advanced as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint a convenient Place or Places of Rendezvous in every County in England, for the Men to be raised for such additional Force, and to appoint'it every such Place of Rendezvous an 0filter, especially authorized by his Majesty, or the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, to approve or reject the Men produced and provided under this Act, according and subjr& to such Regulations as his Majesty shall from Time to Time efta-bliffi for fhat Purpose^ and such Officers may approve of or reject any such Men accordingly; and every Officer rejecting any such Man shall forthwith certify the same to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings of the Subdivision for whkh such Man shall have been produced, and also to the IufpeAor General aforesaid, or his Deputy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Bounty as his Majesty shall diredfc, not exceeding three Fourth Parts of the Bounty that shall be from Time to Time allowed by his Majesty for recruiting the Infantry for general Service, shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Man who shall be provided or raised to serve in such additional Force under this Act 5 and so much of such Bounty shall be paid to every such Man at such Times and Places, and in such Proportions as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such Manner, and under and subject to such Regulations, as his Majesty shall, by any Regulations from Time to Time made in that Behalf, be pleased to order and direct; and it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty, a Treasury, or any three or more of them, to order any Receiver General to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such Bounties, or any Advances in respedi thereof, as may be necessary, out of any publick Monies in their Hands, or received or receivable by them out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes 5 and all Monies paid under any such Orders as afore-foid shall be good and valid, and be allowed to all such Receivers General in their Accounts: Provided always, that such Bounty shall be io lieu of all Allowances and Payments of Money to which any such Man might be or

claim

Parish Officers

may provide Men, and shall he entitled to a Share of the Bounty.

See §26.

Such Men mutt have been resident within certain Limits, of which they (h ill produce Certificates to Magistrates attesting them. Penalty on Parish Officers refuting Certificates, &c.

5l. to 2os.

No Rates or

Subscriptions shall be made for inducing Persons to enlist. Penalty for giving or promising more than the allowed Bounty.

Sol. {See 24.) Overseers may advance 4ub-fificr.ce to Meu marching to Rendezvous, which shall be repaid by Receiving Officer.

His Majesty may appoint Placet of Rendezvous and Officers to approve or lejeft Men, who shall certify Rejections to Subdivision Clerk, and Inspe^or. Bounty not exceeding Threv-fourths of Botin* ty for Regulars mall be paid at his Majesty shall dirt

out of any Duties under the Management of Tax Office,

in lieu of all Allowances under 43 G. 3. c. 8a.

1X2

Commanding Officer# may discharge Men unfit for Service.

Where Men shall not be provided the Parish shall pay 20l. which shall be certified by Deputy Lieutenant! to .Inspeiflor General, and on Notice from him, Commanding Officer mayenlifl Recruits.

General Meetings shall fix by Ballot the Order in which Sijbdivisions and Pa-rifties shall stand as to supplying Deficiencies, and a List {See Schedule (E.) shall be sent to Tnfpec-for General, &c. according to which Kecruits shall be appropriated.

Inspector General, Sec, shall give Men shall take the following

Oath*

Men shall be sttested as for she Regular Forces.

Men raised may be formed into additional Battalions, attached to Regu- ar Forces, or into separate Battalions, See,

C. 56. 440 GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

claim to be entitled under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act 5 any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further ? nafted, That whenever any Man serving in such additional Force as aforesaid shall become* unfit for Service in the Judgment of the Commanding Officer of the Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to discharge such Man, under such Restrictions at by any Regulations of his Majesty are or maybe provided in that Behalf, as to his Regular Forces, or to the additional Force under this Act, and every such Discharge shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Number of Men required to be raised in any Parish under this Act, shall not be found or provided within such respective Periods as aforesaid, or shall not be approved in such Manner, and according to Rich Regulations as his Majesty shall direct in that Behalf, such Parish shall become subject to the Payment of the Sum of twenty Pounds, by way of Fine, to be assessed and raised in Manner by this Act directed, and the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision in which such Parish shall be, shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to certify the same to the said Inspector General or his Deputy; and it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to which such Men shall have been appointed, upon the Receipt of any Notice from the said Inspector General or his Deputy, of any such Deficiency not having been made good, or of any such Vacancy not having been filled up, to enlist, from any Place where he shall find it most convenient, any Recruit or Recruits to make good any such Deficiency, or to fill up such Vacancy, and to pay to each such Recruit so enlisted any such Sum by way of Bounty, not exceeding the Proportion herein-before directed, as shall be allowed by his Majesty's Regulations in that Behalf.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy under any Ad relating to the Militia, or to any such additional Force, and they are hereby required, at some General Meeting in each Year, to ascertain and nx by Ballot the Order in which the respective Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively, in their respective Counties shall stand, as to the supplying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may exiil orarife therein, by the recruiting of any Men by any Cqmmauding Officer under the Provisions of this Act, and shall immediately after the same shall have been so ascertained and fixed, cause a List of such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively entered in such Order, and in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.), to be transmitted to the Inspector General aforesaid or his Deputy, and to the Agent General for the Army of Reserve; and all Recruits that shall be raised by any Commanding Officer shall be appropriated to the several Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively, in the Order in which such Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes shall have been entered in such Lift as aforesaid; and the Inspector General aforesaid, or his Deputy or General Agent aforesaid, shall, as soon as the same can be done, give Notice thereof to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to the Account of which such Recruit shall have been entered, and shall specify the Name, Residence, Occupation, and Description of such Recruit.

Notice to Overseers.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Man provided and raised under this Act, to serve in such additional Force, shall take the following Oath 5 (that is to say),

I A.B. do make Oath, That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief I am Years of Age;

1 was born in the Parish of in or near to the Town of in the County of

that I am by Trade or Occupation a that my last Place of Residence

was at in the Panffi of in or near to the Town of in the County of in the Character or Occupation of that I am noways disabled

by Lameness, but have the perfect Use of my Limbs; that I am not subject to Fits^ have no Rupture, am

no Apprentice, nor belong to his Majesty's other Forces either of Army, Navy, or Marines; and I do further«sincerely promise and swear. That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty King George, and«that I will faithfully serve his Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland % and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and«Alderney, for the Defence of the same for the Period of five Years, and further until six Months after the«Termination of any War in which this Kingdom may at the Expiration of the said Period be engaged, by the

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, unless I shall be sooner discharged. As Witnesss my Hand,

this Day of

Which Oath may be administered in like Manner, and by such and the same Persons, as any Oath may be administered to any Men raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or to any Men enlisted in any of his Majesty's Regular Forces; and every such Man shall be attested in like Manner, and by such Persons as any Man may be attested for his Majesty's Regular Forces, so far as such Attestation, or any Certificates relating thereto, can be made to apply to the Service of any Man in the additional Force under this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, to cause the private Men heretofore raised, or that shall hereafter be raised, to ierve in such additional Force, to be formed into additional or reserved Battalions, to be attached (where Circumstances will admit of the fame, ) to any Regiments or Battalions of his Majesty's Regular Forces, bearing the Name of the County or Counties in which such additional Force shall have been raised, or into separate Battalions not attached to any other Regiment or Battalion: Provided always, that in any Case in which the Men so raised to serve for any County, or any Proportion thereof, cannot conveniently be attached to any such Battalion bearing the Name of any such County or Counties, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to attach the same separately, or with any other Men raised in any other County, to any other Battalion of his Majesty8 Regular Army, as shall appear to his Majesty to be most proper.

A.D. 1804. 4+0 GEORGII III. C. 56* 113

XXX. And be it further enacted, That none of the said Men, to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be compellable or compelled, on any Pretence whatever, to serve out of the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey* and uildemcy^ unless they shall freely and voluntarily enlist in any of his Majesty's Forces for general Service, and shall have been for that Purpose previously and duly discharged from their Service in the additional Force to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint such Officers and Non-commissioned Officers to command and discipline such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, as his Majesty shall think fit; and every such Officer, and every Non-commissioned Officer and Drummer, in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and every such private Man, from the Time of his being sworn as aforesaid, and during the Time for which such Force mail remain embodied, as well as the additional Force to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Pains, and Penalties, as well Pains of Death as others, as are or may be contained in any Act of Parliament then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, rains. Penalties, and Forfeitures, as well Pains of Death as others, contained in every such Act and Articles of War, shall be in force with respect to the additional Force to be raised by virtue of this Act, and shall extend to ail Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the fame, in all Cases whatever.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Part of the Force to be raised or maintained under this Act / such Men only as shall have enlisted for general Service excepted), shall remain embodied fer more than six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, unless in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament which may be hereafter passed for that Purpose.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of such respective Periods within which any Man may be found and provided by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish as aforesaid, or as soon after as the same can be done, the said Inspector General or his Deputy shall from Time to Time transmit to the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates assembled at the several General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for the respective Counties in England, Certificates of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to be filled up in their respective Cou .ties 5 and such Justices of the Peace, or the Magistrates assembled at such Sessions, shall aflef3 the Penalty of twenty Pounds for each private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid; and every such Penalty may and shall be assessed and apportioned as to the Parishes or United Parishes which shall have made default according to the Provisions of the said Act relating to the Militia, and shall be recovered as directed by this Act, and applied towards the raising of Men for such additional Force: Provided always, that if at any Time after any such Penalty shall have been assessed and paid as aforesaid, and before such Notice shall have been given of any Recruit having been raiftd as aforesaid, a Man shall be found and provided by the Churchwardens or Overseers of such Parish or United Parishes, to supply the Deficiency in respect of which such Penalty was assessed and paid, then and in such Case three fourth Parts of the Amount of such Penalty shall, under the Order of the Secretary at War or his Deputy, he applied towards the Payment or Discharge of any other Fine or Fines due from such Parish or United Parishes, or if no Fines shall be due, then shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or United Parishes.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Fine9 or Penalties

assessed on any Parish, by reaTon of any Default in not having provided or produced any Men for such additional Force, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be paid out of the Poor's Rate6; but in every such Case a separate, distinct, and special Rate shall be made for the Payment of such Fines, in such and the like Manner, and according to such and the like Rules and Regulations as any Rate may be made for the Relief of the Poor, and shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Powers as any Rate raised for the Relief of the Poor may be collected, raised, levied, and recovered: Provided always, that every Person serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps, and entitled under any Act relating to Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps to any Exemption, and every Person who shall be now serving, or who mail during the present War have served either personally or by Substitute as a Private Man in the Militia or any additional Force under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, whose Assessment in any Rate for the Relief of the Poor shall be made on any Property not exceeding in annual Value, according to the Valuation on which such Rate shall be made, the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be wholly exempt from such Rate; and every such Person whose Assessment shall be made on any such Property, exceeding in annual Value as aforesaid such Sum of twenty Pounds, shall by reason of such Service be exempt as to such Property to the Amount of such Sum of twenty Pounds, and be rated in such Rate only to the Amount by which such Property shall exceed such annual Sum of twenty Pounds as aforesaid; and if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in such Manner as is provided in Cases of Appeals against Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, land also all Arrears of Fines, and all Moietie9 of Fines, paid or to be paid under any Acts relating to the Militia, or such additional Force as aforesaid, and remaining IB the Hands of any Person or Persons whatsoever, and also all Monies remaining in the Hands of any Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, or any other Persons whatsoever, arising from any Hal? Part or Residue of any Sums of Money paid by or on account of any Person ballotted to serve in the Militia of such additional Force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any Substitute or Volunteer to be enrolled in his Stead, and not subsequently paid over to the Persons entitled to receive the same, pursuant to the Directions of the Acts relating thereto, shall be Debt9 to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and may be recovered as such, or in Manner dirrfted by this Act, or may be levied under any Act or Acts relating to the Militia or the said recited Act of the last

Geo. III. Q^ Session

Men not compellable 10 ft rve out of Unitt-d Kingdom, Guertifty, J-r-yiy, or Alderney. His Majesty may appoint Officers, Sc c. who, as well a« the Men, shall be subject lo the Mutiny Act*.

Men shall remain embodied till six Months after Peace, Uc.

After Time for providing Men (S<*e §20.) Inspecton General shall fend Certificates of Vacancies to Sessions, who shall assess the Penalty.

(Sea §26.) Application of Penalty if Man found before a Recruit is raised. (&*§26.)

Rates for Payment of Fines shall be made separate from Poor's Rates.

Volunteers, Sec. exempted from such Rates as far as 20J.

Appeal to the Quarter StU fions.

Fines, Sec. received I y any Persons may b€ recovered as Debts to the King unr'rr this Act, 43 G, 3, c. 82. or the Militia Acts.

[*Query or]

H4

Application of Share of Money in Hands of Clerks of Sub-division Meetings, &c. (under 42 G. 3. c. 90. See ice.: or43G. 3. c. 8a. See §23, ice.) where the Party entitled is discharged as unfit.

Assessmentf not made by Sessions JJ), Monies received by County Treafu rers. Monies not raised l>y Ovetfeers, Fines, ice- may be recovered fumraarily in the Exchequer.

If Meetings are not held within the Periods pre-ferthed. Special Meetings may be holden, &c.

Provisions relating to Counties extended to Ridings, &c.

Powers of Militia Alls,

42 G. 3. c. 90, itc. and of

C. 56. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Session of Parliament, and shall be transmitted, sent, and paid to the Receiver General of the County, and shall be paid over by such Receiver General to the Order of the Secretary at War, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as may be justly entitled to the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Half Parts or Residues of any such Sums of Money as aforesaid, remaining in the Hands of any Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, or of any other Person or Persons whatever, arising out of any Monies paid by or on account of any Person ballotted to serve in the Militia, or the additional Force raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the engaging of any Substitute or Volunteer to be enrolled in his Stead, and not subsequently paid over to the Person entitled ^hereto, shall, in all Cases in which the Person so entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for Service, or have deserted, go and belong to the ParHh, Tything, or Place, for which such Man shall have been enrolled to serve, and shall, by the Order of the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Place; and all such Sums of Money, when paid to such Overseers, and also all Sums of Money arising from any Moieties of any Fines or Penalties that shall, after the Expiration of twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, remain in the Hands of any Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, or Place, under the said recited Acts, shall go and be applied in Aid of the Poor Rates of such Parish, Tything, or Place, towards the Payment of any Fine3 or Assessments under this Act, and the Surplus, if any, shall be carried to the Account of the said Rates.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any such Assessments shall not he made by such Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and in every Case in which any Treasurer of anj County shall neglect or omit to pay any Sums of Money from Time to Time received by him in respect of any such Assessments to any Receiver General, within twenty-one Days after the Receipt thereof 5 and also in every Case in which any Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, or Place, shall refuse or neglect to raise any Money required to be raised for the Payment of any such Assessment, within twenty-one Days after the Date of such Assessment 5 and also in every Case in which any such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, or other Persons whatsoever, having in their Hards any such Moieties of Fines, or Half Parts or Residues of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, shall not, within twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, pay the same to such respective Receivers General as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and the same Court is hereby authorized, on the Application of his Majesty's Attorney General, by Motion to the said Court, in a summary Way, to hear and determine on the Matter of such Application; and if on Notice of such Application to the Clerk of the Peace, or Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, or Place, in respect of which Default shall have been made, or to the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, or other Persons aforesaid, in relation to whom such Application shall have been made, as the Case may require, no sufficient Cause shall be shewn for such Default, Neglect, or Omission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to fine any such County, Riding, Division, Stewartry, City, Town, Parish, or Place, or Treasurer, Overseer of the Poor, or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, or other Person as aforesaid respectively, in any Sum not exceeding double the Amount of the Sum that ought to have been a fie (Ted, or paid or levied, or accounted for, as the Case may be, and to cause the same to be levied by Distringas, or other Proctfs applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practices of such Court.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or of any Clerk of any General Meeting, or other Officer or Person, or from any other Cause, any Meeting required to be held for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall not be held within the Period herein prescribed, a Special Meeting may and shall be forthwith summoned and holden, for the Purposes for which any such Meeting ought to have been holden pursuant to this Act, as soon after such Period as may be 5 and if any Act, Matter, or Thing, by this Act required to be done at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall not be performed at such Meeting, it shall be lawful for the Persons respectively authorized and required to do any such Act, Matter, or Thing, to carry the same into Execution at any subsequent Meeting; and all such Meetings so summoned as aforesaid, and all Acts, Matters, and Things respectively, which shall be done and performed at any such Meetings as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and tnedlual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Meetings had been summoned, and such Acts, Matters, and Things, had been done pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things wltff-ever, in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, and Places, and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in this Adfc contained relating to Hundreds, shall extend, and be conllrued to extend, to all Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions in or of any such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place; and all Provisions, Di-rediions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in this Act contained relating to Parishes, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all United Parishcsin every Case in which any Parishesmay be united for the Purposes of this Act, and to all Township, Tythings, and Places, and to all Extra-parochial Places united therewith, for the Purposes of this Act or any Act relating to the Militia, or to any additional Force raised under any Act or Acts of the last Session of Parliament, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act of the Forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act relative to the Militia, or in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for raising and assembling an additional Military Force in England-\ shall, in so far as the same arc not hereby

altered.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 56.

altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different Provisions made in relation to such additional Force, or the additional Force under this Act, be applied and practised for the Purposes of this Act, and as to the ad* ditional Force required by this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were again repeated and enacted in this Act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions or Clauses in the said Acts or any or either of them contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the authorizing, allowing, or giving any Allowances or Sums of Money, or Provision for the Wives or Families of any Men raised for the additional Force under this Act, after the passing thereof. N

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §42."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

ACCOUNT of Inspector General of the A RMY of RESERVE for

of

Men received - 500 Quota - 650

Men discharged as unfit - - 60 Effectives who are now serving, or who

Dead - - - 20 have enlisted for General Service - 390

Deserted - - - 30 —

no Deficiency - - a 60

> 39°

G. A. Inspector General of Army of Reserve. or,

F. B. Deputy Inspector General of Army of Reserve*

SCHEDULE (B.)

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

Pjrishes, T) things. Names of Men. Date of Penalties and Fines paid.

or Places. Principals. Substitutes. Volunteers. Enrolment.

Hackney Sam1 Jones - April 2.

IfliAgton - - Edw11 Smith Will-Grey - John Nash John Merks -

Totals -

(Signed) A.B. Clerk to Subdivision Meetings.

SCHEDULE (C.)

II s

Defence Act,

43 G. 3. c. 8s. extended to this Acti

Except si to Allowances to Families of Mep raised alter passing this Act,

ki$

C. 56. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (C.)

RETURN of Clcik of General Meetings of Lieutenancy of the County of

QUOTA of County 650.

Subdivision of A, Quota 18. 'Subdivision of B, Quota 24. Subdivision of C, Quota 32.

Parish of C. io. Parish of E. 5. Parish of F. 12.

Men raised and enrolled. Discharged. Dead. Deserted. Men raised and enrolled. Discharged. Dead. Deserted. Men raised and enrolled. Discharged. Dead. Deserted.

A.B. C.D. E. F. G.H. I. K. L.M.

6 I I I

Parish of D. 8.

A.B. /"* r> Parish of

C*. JJ. E.F. G.H. 4 L_

4 I I I

A.B.

Clerk to General Meetings.

SCHEDULE (D.)

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy Lieutenants of the of

Total QUOTA of the of 500.

Subdivision of B. Quota 74.

PARISHES. Quotas. Men raised and enrolled. Discharged. Dead. Deserted. Deficiency. Men entitled in Army.

A.B. C.

Totals -

Subdivision of E. Quota 82.

PARISHES. Quotas. Men raised and enrolled. Discharged. Dead. Deserted. Deficiency. Men enlisted in Army.

A B. C.

Totals -

Confirmed

lieutenant.

(Signed) \A- B. J j)CpUty lieutenants.

N.B. Where new Appointments have been made the new Quotas must be specified, because Deficiencies arising from Vacancies will be altered in consequence.

SCHEDULE

(E.)

SCHEDULE (E.)

LIST of Hundreds tnd Pari/het, in the Order in which Men are to be recruited for the Year 1805* 09

(as the Case may be).

Subdivision of D.

1. Hundred of C. or Rape of C* £as the Case may Ac. 3 3- Hundred of M. 4- Hundred of P.

1. Pariftiof E. 1* of F, 3. - - - of G. 4. - - - Of Urn 1. Parish of P. 1 - - - 4. - - - M. f* XT 1 Parish of a. - - - 3... - 4.

C. - - - fV. ft. D 5.

Hundred of M. v. - — - 4 7* - - - Sm 8. - -.r. 9. - - F. 10. - - - Hundred of Q.

Parish of L. - - - M - - - 0. 1. Parish of 2. - - - 3* - - -4.

5. - - - 6.

Ascertained by Ballot, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the above County, held at on the Day of 180

(Signed) A, B,

Clerk of General Meeting*

CAP. LVII.

An Act to exempt from Duties on Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

[29th June r 804J

WHEREAS the Interests of the Empire require that every practicable Encouragement should be given

W to the Linen Manufacture thereof: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Thit, from ana after the passing of this Act, no Duty whatever shall be payable on the Export of any Linen No Duty dbJI of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom; but that all Linen of the Manufacture of the United* payable on Kingdom shall and may be exported free to any Place whatsoever, stnd without Payment of any Custom, Sub- ExP°rt

fidy, or Duty whatsoever; any Thing contained in any AC or ACs to the contrary thereof in anywise CD*

notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the publick Accounts of Ireland should be prepared and made ready and hud before both Houses of Parliament within a limited Time after the Close of each Year; may it

# therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of Ad* 5*h Jan. January One thousand eight hundred and five, the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord 7im

High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being shall annually cause an Account of the total publick Income of annually Ireland\ including all its ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Revenues, to be prepared ana made out for one before 51b March Year, ending the Fifth Day of January in each Year, together with an Account of the Income of the Confo- cause Account! lidated Fund of Ireland for every such Year, and of the actual Payment thereon within the said Year, and of the jflhe RfYenu* future annual Charge upon the said Fund, as the same flood on that Day; and also an annual Account of the Net Produce of the Taxes within the said Year; and also an Account of the Arrears and Balances due from found, to be all publick Accountants on the said fifth Day of January in each Year; and also an Account of the Exports made up to 5th and Imports of Ireland, and of the Shipping registered in or belonging to the several Ports of Ireland, within January in each the said Year; and also an Account of the pubnek Expenditure of Ireland within the said Year; and also an to*

Account of the publick funded Debt of Ireland) and the Reduction thereof; and also an Account of the

8 unfunded

n8

15 G. 3. c. 2d*

37 G. 3. o. 90.

Persons n«g1c&-ing to enter their Certificates pursuant to 37 G. 3. c. 90. indemnified, if entered before next Hilary Term, &c.

In A A ions, before passing this Act, for Recovery of Penalties for Neglect, Phiintiffs shall recover only Costs, and an additional Sum of 101,

C. 58, 59. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

unfunded and outstanding Debts of Ireland, as the same flood respectively on the fifth Day of January in each Year; and also an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of Ireland for the Year preceding the said fifth Day of January have been disposed of; and also an Account of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury of Ireland within the said Year, together with the Balance thereof at the End of the said Year; and that the said Lords Commissioners shall in each Year cause such Account to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, on or before the fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others/ who have neglected to enter Certificates within the Time limited by an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Mafijly certain Duties on Certificates to he taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, ami certain other Duties with ref peel to Warrants,

Mandates, ands Authorities, to he entered or filed of Record as therein mentioned, certain Duties were granted on

Certificates to be taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney Notary, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, of his Ad-

million, Enrolment, or Register, in any of the Courts therein mentioned: And whereas by another Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Ma- 4 jessy certain Stamp Duties on the federal Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates, to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and others, practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, it was enacted, that, from and after the Time in the said first recited Act mentioned, every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or registered a Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any other of the Courts in the said Act specified, should annually, between the first Day of November and the End of Michaelmas Term then next following, during such Time as he should

continue to practise in any of the said Courts, or before such Person should commence, carry on, or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings whatsoever in any of the said Courts, deliver in to the Person or Persons in the said last recited Act in that Behalf mentioned, a Paper or Note in Writing to the Effect therein directed; and that thereupon and upon Payment of the Duties imposed by the said Act passed in the twentyfifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, every such Person should be entitled to such Certificate as in the said recited Act is mentioned; and that every Certificate so to be obtained, should be entered in one of the Courts in which the Person described therein should be admitted, enrolled, sworn, or registered, with the proper Officer or Officers of the said Courts, within the Time therein before prescribed, before such Person should be admitted to practise: And whereas several of the Persons who by the said last recited Act, are required to obtain and enter the Certificate therein mentioned, have, without any Intention to defraud his Majesty's Revenue, neglected or omitted to obtain and enter the said Certificate within the Time limited by the said last mentioned Act; by reason whereof such Persons have incurred the Penalty thereby imposed, and are subject to Actions for the fame, notwithstanding they have afterwards obtained and entered such Certificates and paid the Duty thereon: And whereas some Actions have been commenced and are depending, and other Actions may be commenced against such Persons for the Recovery of Penalties incurred by them: And whereas it is expedient that Relief mould be given in the Cases before mentioned, and that the said Act should be amended, as far as the same relates to the Time of Entry of such Certificates: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Person who by the said last-recited Act is required to enter his Certificate in the said Act mentioned, shall have neglected or omitted to enter the same within the Time prescribed by the said Act, but who shall nevertheless afterwards, and before the Commencement of any Action for Recovery of the Penalty imposed by the said Act for such Neglect or Omission, have entered or shall enter such Certificate in Manner therein directed, provided that such Certificate hath been obtained in Manner and Time by the said recited Act directed, and shall be entered on or before the Commencenient of Hilary Term next ensuing, as Herein-after mentioned and directed, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such his Neglect or Omission as aforesaid; and all Acts done by such Person shall in such Case he of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been in case such Person had entered the said Certificate within the Time and in Manner by the said last-recited Act limited and directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Actions shall before the passing of this Act have been brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, and which Person or Persons shall have obtained and entered his or their Certificates in the Manner directed by the said la(l-recited Act before the Commencement of such Action or Actions, that then such Person or Persons shall not be liable to the Payment of any Penalty for or on account of such Neglect or Omission, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions shall not recover or be entitled to recover, in respect thereof, more than his or their Costs which may have been actually incurred in such Action or Actions up to the twenty-third Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, to be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall have been brought, together with the further Sum of ten Pounds in Addition to such Costs; and the Person or Persons against whom any such Action shall have been brought, shall, upon Payment or Tender mode to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or to the Attorney

0/

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 59, 60.

or Attornies employed in prosecuting such Action or Actions, of the Costs so taxed as aforesaid, and of the said additional Sum of ten Pounds as aforesaid, be wholly indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement shall have been regularly obtained and entered up, on or before the said twenty-third Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, in any Action in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record brought for Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties incurred by reason of any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as requires such Certificate as aforesaid to be entered in the Manner in the said Act mentioned before the End of Michaelmas Term in the Year in which the same shall be obtained, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Aftit shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who by the said lad-recited Act is or are required to obtain such Certificate, in any Year after the first Day of November, to enter the same at any Time before the Commencement of Hilary Term then next following 5 and every Certificate so entered as lati aforesaid shall be a3 good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been entered within the Time for that Purpose limited by the said last recited Act.

CAP. LX.

An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ayhsbury in the County of Buckingham.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS there was the most notorious Bribery and Corruption at the lad Election of Burgesses to

serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham: And whereas such

Bribery and Corruption is likely to continue and be practised in the said Borough in future, unless some

Means are taken to prevent the fame: In order, therefore, to prevent such unlawful Practices for the future,

and that the said Borough may from henceforth be duly represented in Parliament; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every Freeholder, being above the Age of twenty-one Years, who shall have within the three Hundreds of Aylesbury, or one or more of them, in the County of Buckingham, a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, to give his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury. yearly Value of 40s. may vo

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right of Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury shall be and is hereby declared to be in such Freeholders as aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Cu flora and Usage of the said Borough, have or shall hereafter have a Right to vote at such Election 5 and the proper Officer for the Time being, to whom the Return of every Writ or Precept' does belong, is hereby required to return the Person or Persons to serve in Parliament for the said Borough who shall have the major Number of Votes of such Freeholders, and other Persons having a Right to vote at such Election; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Freeholders only shall be entitled to vote as shall be duly qualified to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the said County of Buckingham, according to the Laws now in being for regulating County Elections.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at any Election' for the said Borough, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any other Person having a Right to vote at the said Election, first take the Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation following; videlicet,

4 T do swear, [or, being a Quaker, solemnly affirm,] That I am a Freeholder in the three Hundreds of Aylef 4 A bury, or any one or more of them, in the County of Buckingham, and have a Freehold Estate, confiiling < of UPecify'm8 Nature thereof, and, if it confjls in Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or

Tythes, in whose Occupation the same are; and, if in Rent, the Names of the Owners or Possessors of the Tenements out of which such Rent is issuing, or offome of them], situate, lying, or being at in the aforesaid'

9 Hundreds, or in one or more of them, of the clear yearly Value of over and above all

Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the fame; and that I have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Kents and Profits thereof, lor my own Use, above twelve Calendar Months [or, that the same came to me within the Time aforesaid by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Promotion to a 4 Benefice in a Church, or by Promotion to an Office'], and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted or

made to me fraudulently on purpose to Qualify me to give my Vote; and that the Place of my Abode is at

in and that I am twenty-one Years of Age, as I believe , and that I have

not been polled before at this Election.*

Which Oath or solemn Affirmation the proper Officer to whom the Return of any Writ or Precept for such Election shall belong, is hereby required to administer 5 and in case any Freeholder or other Person taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted; or if any Person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof' convicted, he and they for every such Offence respectively shall incur such Penalties as are inflicted on Persons guilty of Perjury or Subornation of Petjuiy in and by two Acts of Parliament, one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queep Elixalcth, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall procure or commit wilful Perjury, or suborn or procure any Person to commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and the other made in the fecood

J. Year

119

except where final Judgement shall have been entered up on or before Jan. 23, 1804.

37 G. 3. c., 0. §27. repealed, intfead of the ftof November, Entry of Certificates may be made any Time befdte Hilary Term.

Persons having 2

Freehold within the three Hundreds of Aylesbury of the e Ibr Aylesbury*

Right of Election for Aylesbury shall be in such Freeholders and Persons having a Right by Custora of the Borough of Aylesbury to vote, &c.

Freeholders, before voting, shall take the foltow-

Oath, or Affirmation.

Penalty for faking a false Oath, Perjury asunder 5 Eli*, c. 9. U 2 G. 2. c. 25.

129 C. 6o, 6r.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Proper Officer shall indorse on the Wiitfor any Election, the Day of his re* ceivingit, and give Notice and proceed to Election as hereby required.

This Alt shall be read before every Ele&iwi.

18 G. 3. c. 71.

39G. 3. C. lxxui*

*3 G. 2. c. 14.

Premises shall not be granted, &c. under Alts dating to Crown Lands, hut by Consent of Special Cora-mimonerj.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punt/hment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to Jlecu Bonds, Notes, or other Securities for Payment of Money, contrary to the said Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such proper Officer to whom any Writ or Precept shall be directed for making any Election for the said Borough, shall, upon the Receipt of such Writ or Precept, indorse upon the Back thereof the Day of his Receipt thereof, in the Presence of the Party from whom he received such Precept, and shall forthwith cause publick Notice to be given within the said Borough of Aylesbury, and the several Towns of Great Miffenden % Wendover, and Haddenham, by affixing up a Notice thereof in Writing on the Market Houses, or on the Doors of the Churches of the said Towns, of the Day of Election, and shall proceed to Election thereupon within the Space of twelve Days, and not less than eight Days next after his Receipt of the same Precept.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be publickly read at every Election for the said Borough of Aylesbury immediately after the Acts directed by any Act of Parliament to be read thereat, and before the Persons present shall proceed to make such Election.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to amend two Acts, made in the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Publick.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for erecting a Building for holding the Courts and exercising the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in Westminster, within the City ana Liberty of Westminster, and for holding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transading the other publick Bufness of the said City and Liberty $ and for appropriating Part of the Surplusses of the Orphans Fund towards defraying the Expence thereof: And whereas another Act, pasted in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for ending a Building for holding the Courts and exerci/ing the Jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint

Peter in Westminster, and for bolding the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and transading the other publick Business of the said City cmd Liberty: And whereas another Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for assigning a Place Prober for holding the market in the City of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient Market Place called The Round, Woolstaple; and for regu-fating the said Market: And whereas the Commissioners, appointed by the said recited Acts, passed in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, have purchased, and agreed to purenafe, certain Ground, Houses, and Premises, for the Purpose of erecting a Building for the holding the Courts in the said Acts mentioned on the Site thereof; And whereas the erecting of the said Courts on such Ground, and the Resort of Persons to fu<?b Courts, would incommode the Approach to the two HouseMf Parliament, and produce considerable Inconveniencies: And whereas the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter in Westminster are willing to fell the Site of the said Market of the City of Hre/hnuifter

( which Market has fallen into Difuft); and such Site will be more convenient for the Purposes of erecting uch Building for holding the said Courts; And whereas the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Acts are willing to fell the Ground, Houses, and Premises, already purchased and agreed to be purchased, to his Majesty, and to purchase the Site of the said Market in lieu thereof, and to cred the said Court House thereon: And whereas it is necessary that additional Commissioners should be appointed for carrying into Effect the said recited Acts; and that Powers should be given for the Purposes aforesaid.

General Commissioners appointed, §1. — Said Commissioners empowered to fell the Premises vested in them to the Special Commissioners herein mentioned for his Majesty; and Dean and Chapter of WestnunJler empowered to fell the Site of the said Market, §2. — General Commissioners empowered to build the Court House, Sec. on the Site of the Market, $ 3, 4. — Covenant of former Commissioners with Elizabeth Doughty, declared void, §5."

VI. ' And whereas it may become necessary, for the Improvement of the Access to the Houses of Parliament, that certain other Buildings adjoining or near to the said Premises so to be sold to the said Special Commissioners under this Act, should be purchased, ' be it therefore enacted. Scc.*said Special Commissionera empowered to purchase Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, for Improvement of the Access to the Houses of Parliament.9

Provisions of 41 G. 3. (G. B.) c. 13. extended to this Act, §7."

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Lands, Tenements, or Premises, by this Act conveyed to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be granted or leased under any Act or Acts relating to any Crown Lands, or any of the Provisions thereof, unless with the Concurrence and Consent in Writing of the Special Commissioners in this Act mentioned, or any three of them, whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Baron, or Clerk of the Parliaments, shall be one.

a Application of Compensation Money, $ 9, 10, 11. — Where any Question shall arise touching the Title, the u Person in Possession shall be deemed entitled, f 12. — Courts may order reasonable Expences of Purchasca from Corporations, See. to be paid by the Trustees, §13. — Public Act, §14.0

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III. , C. 62. 121

CAP. LXII.

An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, comntonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his 43 G. 3. c. 102. Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds towards dfraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Invemefs and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards ' executing the fame, certain Persons were appointed Commissioners for the rurposes of the said Act, and certain Powers were granted for carrying the same into Execution: And whereas considerable Progress has

been made by the said Commissioners in carrying the said Act into Execution, but further Provinons are found necessary to enable them to make and maintain the aforesaid Navigation: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spintual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af-

sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, out of the Monies granted for the Supply of the present 50, 000l. granted Year, there shall be issued and paid, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, the Sum of out of Supply fifty thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, to the Commissioners named in and by the said recited Act; Jecited Act! (that is to say, ) the Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, being one Moiety thereof, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of July next; and the farther Sum of twenty-five thousand Pounds, being the other Moiety thereof, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December next; which Sum shall be invested in Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, or India Bonds, to be lodged in the Bank of England until the same shall be from Time to Time applied to the Purposes of this and the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet from Time to Time in the Manner Powers and Ue-directed by the said recited Act, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution as well this Act as the said recited gu, a, »°ns or 1C-Act; and all the Powers and Authorities given and granted to the said Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act into Execution, are hereby given and granted to the said Commissioners for the ^ft! J* Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and the said Commissioners shall follow and observe the same Rules and Directions given for the Regulation of their Conduct, and shall keep an Account of their Proceedings under this Act, and report the same to Parliament in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

" Commissioners empowered to appoint Officers, See. §3. — And to make Bye Laws, §4. — Subscriptions may " be received from Persons who shall become Proprietors of the Navigation, and entitled to Dividends, &c. u §5 — 12. — After the Navigation shall be completed, Commissioners shall divide the Sum9 granted under

" recited Act or this Act into Shares of 531. each and sell the same, $ 13_Produce of such Sales shall be

" paid into the Exchequer, and carried to British Consolidated Fund, §14. — When 20, ooool. is subscribed a " Committee may be appointed, §15, 16."

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in place of constructing a Harbour in Loch Beauly, near to the Town of Invemefsy a little way to the Eall of Ferry Pier, as directed by the said recited Act, (the Ground to the Eastward of the said Ferry Pier having been found not to be adapted to this Purpose) such Harbour in Loch Beauly shall be constructed to the Westward of the said Ferry Pier9 near to the Fishermen's Houses at a Place called Clacknacarry in the County of Invemefs; and in place of constructing another Harbour to the West of Fort William at the Mouth of the River Lochiet in the Manner mentioned in the said recited Act, such other Harbour shall be constructed about a Mile to the Westward of the said River Loehie, and to the East of the small Islands which are situated in Lochiel in the County of Argyll; and all the Powers, Directions, and Authorities, given and granted by the said recited Act, for the constructing, using, maintaining, and preferring the said Harbours, or either of them, and Docks and Basons, and other Works connected therewith, in the Manner therein described and situated, are by this Act given and granted for constructing, using, maintaining, and preserving the fame, in the Manner herein described and situated.

Powers for making Navigation, §18 — 39."

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time, and at all Times, after the said Navigation or any Part thereof shall be completed, to ask, demand, receive, take, and recover of Tonnage and Wharfage, for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities whatsoever, which shall be navigated, carried, and conveyed upon or through the said Navigation or any Part thereof, such Rates and Duties, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Two pence Sterling per Mde, for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, which shall be navigated, carried, and conveyed upon or through the said Navigation, and so in proportion for any greater or lets Quantity than a Ton.

" Commissioners may ieflen Rates and Duties. Ships in Service of his Majesty not liable to Rates, §41. —

" Regulations a6to Payment of Rates, making Drains, Bridges, Towing Paths, &c. §42 — 59."

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, which shall be carried and conveyed on the said Navigation, shall lie or remain upon any Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the said Commissioners or to any other Person or Persons, and adjoining to the said Navigation, for above the Space of twenty-four Hours, then and in such Case the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to receive any reasonable Rates or Allowances over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be adjudged by such three of his Majesty's Justicea of the Peace for the County wherein the said Wharf, Quay, or Geo. III. R Warehouse

New Site of Harbours forming either Extremity of the Navigation.

Rates of Tonnage; o be taken.

further Atltw-ance* to the Commissionert for Goods remaining upea their Wharf a contain Time.

xaa C. 62*63, 440 GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Warehouse shall be situate, at shall reside nearest thereto, pot being interested in the Profit! of the said Canal, or in tbf Question so to be adjudged by them.

Application of

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That separate and distinct, Accounts shall be kept of each and all R*te«. of the Rates and Duties levied by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, and the fame, and the Rates and

Duties levied by the said recited Act, shall be applied, in the first Place, towards maintaining and preserving the said Navigation and other Works constructed by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act, and in paying the Salaries of Clerks and Officers, and other Expences incident to the Undertaking and Management thereof; and in the next Place, the Remainder of such Rates and Duties shall be divided as follows; videlicet, until the Balance which shall remain, after defraying the Expences incident to the Undertaking in any one Year, shall be sufficient to afford a Dividend of at least five rounds ter Centum upon the Amount of all the Monies subscribed by Individuals, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and granted by Parliament, a Sum equal to five Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of their Subscriptions shall, in the first Infiance, be paid to every Person, and all Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or those in their Right who, pursuant to this Act, shall have subscribed within one Year after the passing of this Act any Sum or Sums of Money towards making the said Navigation, and who shall have paid the Money so subscribed in the Manner hereby directed; and any Balance which shall remain after defraying the Expences incident to the Undertaking in any one Year, and paying five Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of such Subscriptions, shall be divided rateably among the remaining Subscribers, and the said Commissioners, or those in the Right of Shares purchased from them, in proportion to the Amount of the Shares Severally held by each; and so Toon as the said Rates and Duties, after defraying the Expences incident to the Undertaking, shall be Sufficient to pay in every Year a Sum equal to five Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of all the Sums so subscribed and granted by Parliament, then the said Rates and Duties shall, after defraying the Expences incident to the Undertaking, be divided rateably among the Several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, holding Shares, and the said Commissioners, or those in the Right of Shares purchased from them, in proportion to the Amount of the Shares Severally held by each: Provided always, that the Amount of all Dividends so paid upon Shares retained by the said Commissioners shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain and carried to the Consolidated Fund, unlcts otherwise dispoSea of by Parliament; and allDividends hereby directed to be made, shall be paid by two equal Half-yearly Payments, agreeably to Directions to be given by the said Commissioners,

" Regulations respecting Wharfs, Ships, &c. §62, See, "

LXVIII.*Penalty on Persons overloading and obstructing the Passage of the said Navigation, throwing Penalty on de-Ballad, &c. therein; opening the Locks, or doing other Damage to the Navigation, 5l. to 40s.And if ft raying the any Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down.

Works, Felony, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works, to be ereaed and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be

punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Law of Scotland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such arbitrary but letter Sentence or Punishment, as to such Court shall seem proper, or otherwise every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than forty Shillings Sterling, and also the Value or Amount of the Damages proved upon Oath to have been done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty and Damages, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Offender, rendering the Overplus, (if any) to such Offender, or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County, for any Time not exceeding six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted.

Regulations for Vessels patting the Locks, Rights of Fishery, Mines, &c. $ 69, &c. — Publick Act, f 8a."

CAP. LXIII.

"An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchres, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors*and for applying the rurchafe Money, together with another Sum therein mentioned, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable and most Reverend Father in God Charles Viscount Somsrton Lord

Archbishop of Archbishop of Dublin, is seised in Right of his Sec of Dublin, of a capital Mansion House, with

Dublin in Right*the Offices, Gardens, and Appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, in the Liberty of Saint Sepulchre's, adja-Pa*cent 10^OuhBstf called or known by the Name of The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint

lace thereof.*Sepulchres: And whereas since the Death of the most Reverend Robert late Archbishop of Dublin, his

Amount of Di-Grace's immediate Predecessor, an Account hath been adjusted between the Representatives of the said Robert

lapidationa*and the said Charles now Lord Archbishop of Dublin, of the Dilapidations incurred on the said Mansion

thereto.*House, Offices, and the Premisea thereunto belonging, and the same hath been ascertained to amount to the

Sum of nine hundred and twenty-three Pounds twdve Shillings and seven-pence, Irish Currency, and no more s

And whereas the said Mansion House hath of late Years been suffered to go into very great Decay,

and cannot be rendered fit for the Habitation of an Archbishop of Dublin without considerable Expence:

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III.

C. 63 — 65. 123

And whereas the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin having come to an Agreement with the Representatives of the moll Reverend Robert late Archbishop of Dublin, has accepted the Sum of nine hundred

The Sale of the pvefent Palace and Offices applicable fur publick Pui poles*

Agreement with the Treasury ot Ireland for the Purchase of the old Palace and Offices.

Agreement will?

Representatives

of late Arch-bishop as to the

#.Dilapidations.

Archbishop of Dublin the Sum of eight hundred and eighty-five Pounds seven Shillings and ten-pence, a3 three-fourths of one thousand one hundred and eighty Pounds ten Shillings and five-pence

Farthing, for which the said Representatives allege that Certificates were obtained under two Acts of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of King William the Third, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, notwithstanding the said House and Offices have been left in a very ruinous and neglected

Condition, and which Sum of nine hundred and twenty-three Pounds twelve Shillings and sevenpence is entirely inadequate to the Expence necessary to put the said House and Offices in complete Repair, and render the same fit for the Residence of an Archbishop of Dublin: And whereas the Piece of Ground whereon

# the said Mansion House and Offices now stand is of considerable Extent, and the fame, with the Buildings now (landing thereon, have been estimated to be of the Value of seven thousand Pounds, Irt/b Currency,

and the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin not having hitherto resided therein, and being defuous of obtaining some other House for the Residence of himself and his Successors, and the said Piece of Ground

being capable of being applied advantageoufiy for the publick Service, it has been proposed, on Behalf of his Majesty, that the same should be purchased for the publick Service at the Price of (even thousand Pounds:

And whereas in pursuance of such Proposal an Agreement has been made between the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, on Behalf of his Majesty, and the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and reduced into Writing, and signed by three Lords of the said Treasury and the said Lord Archbishop, and bearing Date the fourteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and four, for the Purchase and Sale of the said Mansion House, Offices, and Ground, in case they should be enabled so to do by the Authority of Parliament; and reciting, that upon proper Surveys taken and Calculations made thereon, it hath appeared and been agreed on between them, that a clear Sum of seven thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, would be a full Price and adequate Consideration for said Maafion House, Offices, and Grounds, and other Purposes herein-mentioned: But inasmuch as this Purchase and Sale cannot be effefled without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, it was alto agreed, That «nc Moiety of the Expences of obtaining an Act of Parliament, authorizing such Sale, and directing the Application of the said Purchase Money, should be paid out of the said seven thousand Pounds, and that the other Moiety should be paid by his Majesty's Treasury on Behalf of his Majesty, in addition to the said seven thousand Pounds: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted.*

The Premises of the old Palace, on Payment of its estimated Value, veiled in his Majesty, free from Incum- brances, §1. — Monies received under this Act, shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland, and be applied under the Direction of the Court of Chancery there, in purchasing Ground for erecting a suitabld Residence for the Archbishop of Dublin, and a Court House for the Seneschal of the Liberty of Saint Sepulclfre's, §2. —

Leasehold Interest in Premises, the Reversion whereof shall be in the Archbishop, may be purchased and the Fee Simple thereof vested in him, §3. — The new Buildings shall be the See House of the See of Dub- //*, and Court House of the Manor of Saint Sepulchre, and so be described in all Writings, &c.^ §4. —

Court of Chancery may order Payment of Expences iu passing and executing the Act, §5. — Monies paid into the Bank shall be placed out at Interest, §6. — The Court of Chancery may dispose of Surplus Monies for Use of Archbishop of Dublin, §7. — In case the Sum paid into the Bank is not sufficient for the Purposes of the Ad, Court of Chancery may order how the same shall be made up, §8. — Succeeding Arch- bishops* Proportions of Expence in case of an Insufficiency as raised under the Ad, §9. — Caftiiers' Receipts sufficient Discharges, §10, 11."

XII. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their He rs and Successors, (other than and except the King's most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin and his Successors in the said See of Dublin, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them or any of them) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand, of in, to, or out of the said Mansion House and Premises so authorized to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, either, or any of them respectively, had before the passing of this present Act, or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made. — 44 Publick Act, §13."

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the Operation of an Act, passed in the, last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Pro-feeutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

[30th June 1804.]

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts, the one paflbd in the forty-second 4*0.3. c. 35, Year of his present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

[3d July 1804.]

R 2" ' CAP.

General Saving.

43C.J. C.IJ4.

43 G. 3. c. 14.

[cnnlmuctl

43 > c. 7*.]

C. 6«. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for eft^blishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and 40 proride for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces j and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland. [ioth July 1804.]

4 IT WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional Force should be established and maintained,

W under Regular Officers, for the Defence of the Realm, and for augmenting and supplying his Majesty's Regular Forces; and that the Militia of Scotland should be gradually reduced, under certain Restric- tiops and Regulations, to the original Quotas specified in an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

A permanent a permanent additional Force shall be established and maintained in Scotland, and lhatl be raised and completed

additfenai Farce in the Manner by this Act diiyded; and from and after the Completion of such additional Force under thih

shall be raised ID Ad, the Quotas to be maintained and supplied in the Manner directed by this Act, by each of the several

Uinidand Counties in Scotland, shall be as follows; that is to say:

suppHedaccord- For the County of Edinburgh four hundred and forty-four;

jjS For the City of Edinburgh four hundred and thirteen 5

Stfawai ^or ^or County LinTithgow one hundred and twenty-five;

Counties. For the County of Haddington two hundred and five; x

For the County of Berwick two hundred and seven;

For the County of Peebles sixty;

For the County of Selkirk thirty-three;

For the County of Roxburgh two hundred and thirty-seven j For the Stewartry of Kirkudbright two hundred and one;

For the County of Wigton one hundred and fifty-nine;

For the County of Ayr five hundred and eighty-one;

For the County of Renfrew five hundred and thirty-nine;

For the County of Lanark one thousand and two;

For the County of Stirling three hundred and fifty-one;

For the County of Kinross forty-seven;

For the County of Fife six hundred and forty-fire 5

For the County of Dunbarton one hundred and forty-three;

For the County of Bute eighty-one;

For the County of Argyle four hundred and eighty-fire

For the County of Inverness five hundred and twelve;

For the County of Perth eight hundred and seventy-one;

For the County of Forfar ux hundred and eighty-one 5 For the County of Kincardine one hundred and eighty-one;

For the County of Aberdeen eight hundred and fifty-four$

For the County of Banff two hundred and thirty-nine f For the County of Elgin one hundred and eighty-four 5 For the County of Nairne fifty- seven 5 For the County of Cromarty twenty-one;

Tor the County of Ross three hundred and sixty 5

For the County of Sutherland one hundred and thirty-three;

For the County of Caithness one hundred add sixty-one 5 For the County of Dumfries three hundred and seventy-nine;

\Tutsd ro, 666.] For the County of Clackmannan seventy-five.

Men appearing by Returns under this A A to be deficient under 43 G. 3. t. 83. shall be immediately raised, u as also the actual Deficiency ascertained and certified according to this Act, §2. §2. of cap 56. of

" this SeJfon.-\ — Inspector General of Army of Reserve, shall make Returns of Men raised under 43 G. 3.

c. 83* and Deficiencies, S$c. (See Schedule A.) to Clerks of General Meetings, and on Notice by them to County Lieutenant, a Special Meeting shall be summoned, of which said Inspector shall have Notice, &c.

44 i3* — Inspector General may appoint Persons to attend Meetings, to assist in examining Returns, &c. §4. —

Subdivision Clerks shall transmit to Clerks of General Meetings, Accounts in Form in Schedule (B.) of the Number of Men ballotted, under 42 G. 3. c. 83..Penalty on Clerks for Neglect in making Returns " for twenty-one Days after passing Ad, or making false Returns, twenty Pounds, §5. — Clerks of General Meetings shall, for Use of Inspector General and of the Meetings, &c. make out Returns in Form (Schedule 41 C.) of Men raised under 42 G. 3. c. 83. Penalty for Neglect, &c. twenty Pounds, §6. — Persons appointed 54 by Inspector General may insped Returns, See. in Possession of Clerk of General Meetings, §7. — Accounts of the Inspector General shall be examined at Special Meetings, and Statement and Certificate in Form 44 (Schedule D.) made of all the Men so raised, and Copiesfent to the Inspector General and County Lieutenant,

44 ( 8. — Lieutenants may cause other Special Meetings to be summoned; for Re-examination of Statements, See.

Lieutenants shall sign Statements, f 9. — Militia of Scotland shall be gradually reduced to the original Quotas under 42 G. 3. c. 91, §10. — Where the original Quota or more is serving, no Ballot shall take place till the Number is reduced, §11.; [See' §2-l1. of cap. 56. of thit Session.y

&e c. it. for England.

*G.3. c., :

C. 66.

125

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every County and Stewartry in which the full Number of Men required for the Militia of such County or Stewartry shall not have been completed, or in which any Vacancies that shall have arisen therein shall not have been supplied, there shall be raised in Manner in this Act directed, as soon after the Expiration of such Period of twenty-one Days as aforesaid as the same can be done, for the additional Force under this Act, a Number equal to the Whole of the Deficiency that shall then exist in the Militia of such County or Stewartry; and as often as any Vacancies shall thereafter arise by the Death, Desertion, or Discharge of any Mgu serving in the Militia of such County or Stewartry, and until by Means of such Vacancies the Militia of such County or Stewartry shall be reduced to the original Quota thereof, there shall be raised in like Manner, according to the Provision of this Act, for the additional Force under this Act, a Number equal to the Amount of such Vacancies; and the Lieutenant, Vice-Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants of every County or Stewartry, City or Place, shall transmit, free of Expence, to the Minister of every Parish bound to supply any such Deficiency or Vacancy, a Notice according to the Form in the Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, directing the Heritors of such Parish, by themselves or their Agents, or some Person authorized by them, to fill up such Deficiencies or Vacancies in Manner herein after mentioned, which Notice every such Minister shall read, or cause to be read, in the Church after Divine Service, before the Congregation is dismissed, the first Lord's Day after receiving the fame; and shall further cause a true Copy thereof to be affixed on the Church Door the same Day.

Where there is less than the original Quota of Militia, that Deficiency shall first be raised, §13. — <« Vacancies occurring in additional Force by Death, Desertion, See. shall be certified by Commanding 41 Officer to Inspector General, and by him annually before September 1, to the Privy Council, §14. — One " thousand eight hundred Men shall be raised to supply Vacancies arifijig by Enlistment into Regular Forces, " before October 1, 1805, and so annually, not exceeding One thousand eight hundred in one Year, §15. 44 [See $ 13, 14, 15. of cap. 56. of this Session.y'

XVI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's Privy Council shall cause such Number of one thousand eight hundred Men, and also the Number of Men required to be raised in each succeeding Year, for the supplying the Vacancies arising from the enlitling of Men as aforesaid, together with the total Amount of such Vacancies as aforesaid, which shall have arisen in the Course of the preceding twelve Months in the several Counties and Stewartries in Scotland, to be apportioned among such Counties according to the respective original Quotas of Men required at the Time of making such Apportionment, to be raised in such respective Counties and Stewartries, under the said Act, relating to the Militia, and shall, as soon after such Apportionment shall have bee« made, as the same can be done, cause the Numbers fixed and settled by such Apportionment to be transmitted to the respective Lieutenants of the several Counties and Stewartries in Scotland, or their Vice-Lieutenants, and shall also cause Notice thereof to be given in the Edinburgh Gazette, and such Lieutenants or Vice-Lieutenants shall immediately summon General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in their respective Counties and Stewartries; and the Deputy Lieutenants at such Meetings shall divide and apportion the Numbers so fixed and settled among the Subdivisions, Parishes, Cities, or Places, in their respective Counties and Stewartries, according to the Provisions of any Ad relating to the Militia, in order that such Men may, as speedily as possible, be raised for the additional Force under the Provisions of this Act; and for that Purpose such Deputy Lieutenants shall transmit, free of Expence, a Notice in the Form in the Schedule (F.) hereunto annexed, to the Minister of every Parish within their respective Subdivisions within which such Men are to be raised, which Notice every such Minister shall read, or cause to be read, in the Church after Divine Service, before the Congregation is dismissed, on the first Lord's Day after receiving the fame; and shall further cause a true Copy thereof to be affixed on the Church Door the same Lord's Day.

Men raised under 43 G. 3. c. 83. deemed Part of Force under this Act, §17. [As §17. of wp. 56.]'

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, no Vacancies which shall have arisen in the said additional Force raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be filled up or supplied by Ballot in the Manner directed by the said recited Act; but all such Vacancies, and also all Vacancies which shall at any Time, after the passing of this Act, arise in the additional Force to be raised under the Provisions of this Act, by Death or Desertion, or in consequence of any Men being reclaimed as Deserters from his Majesty's other Forces, or from the Marines or Militia, or by such Men being claimed as Apprentices, or becoming unfit for Service, and being discharged accordingly, shall be supplied in the Manner directed by this Act; for which Purpose a Notice shall be transmitted to the Minister of the Parish, read in the Church, and a Copy thereof affixed on the Door of the Church in the Manner herein-before directed, in the Case of Deficiencies or Vacancies to arise in the Militia.

44 43 G. 3. c. 83, §27. relating to assessing Fines for not providing Men repealei, and so much of 42 G. 3. 44 c.gi. as relates to Fines for not providing Militia Men (See §150, &c.) repealed, till the Militia shall be reduced to original Quotas, §19. [As f 19. of cap. 56.]"

XX. And be it enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, and before the Expiration of ten Days after the first of any such Notice shall have been so read in the Church as aforesaid, the Heritors of each Parish, or their Agent3, shall meet and assemble in such Manner as Heritors in Scotland usually meet and assemble, for the Purpose of appointing some Person to provide and produce Men for such Parish, to be raised under the Provisions of this Act, and shall from Time to Time as often as such Appointment shall be recalled, which such Heritors are empowered to do, or any such Person shall resign or die, meet and assemble for the Purpose of appointing some such other Person.

7 XXL And

Where there is any Deficiency

in Militia, a Number equal thereto shall be raised for additional Force under this Act, Sec.

Lieutenant shall transmit to Parish Ministerfr a Notice in Form »n Schedule (F.), who shall read it in Church, and cause a Copy to be affixed on the Church Dooi.

Privy Council shall apportion the Numbers to be annually raised, to supply all Vacancies according to the Militia Quotas of the several Counties, and on Notice to ibe Lieutenants, and in the Edinburgh Gazette, Men shall be raised.

Deputy Lieute. nants shall transmit to Parish Ministers a Notice (Set Schedule F.), to be read in Church, &c.

After 2i Days Irom passing this Act, Vacancies arisen in additional Fotcc, under 4} G. 3. c. 83. and all futureVacanciet shall be raised under this A<fi. Notice to Minister.

Heritors shall meet and appoint Persons to provide Men.

Heritors, Bit. may produce Men to (cnre in the additional Foice, and shall be entitled to Shared Botiftty,

Such Men must have been resident within certain Li rait>, of winch they shall produce Certificate* to the Magistrates atiefting them; Penalty on Eldeis refusing to give Certificates, &c. 51, to lot.

Ho AflWTment or Subscription shall be made for inducing Ferfont to enlist. Penalty for giving or promising more than the allowed Bounty.

Collectors of the County may advance Sub-fiflence, to enable Men to idarch to the Rendezvous, which shall be repaid by Receiving Officer.

Bounty not exceeding thrte-fourths of Bounty to Regulars shall be paid as his Majesty shall direct.

Treasury may order the Receiver General for Scotland or County Collector to pay Bounties, in lieu of all Allowances, under 43 G. t* c.Sj.

C. 66. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Heritors of every Parish, by themselves or their Agents, or any of them, or for some Person by them appointed for the Purpose of providing Men to be raised in the Manner direct ed by this Act, at any Time within one Month after such Notice shall have been read in the Church as aforesaid, and also at any Time after such Period, before any Recruit shall have been provided by the Commanding Officer under the Provisions of this Act , to supply any Deficiency or Vacancy, to provide and produce to the Persons appointed to receive Men to be raised pursuant to this Act, any Person to serve in the said additional Force; and the Person appointed by such Heritors as aforesaid, producing any Man for such additional Force, shall be entitled to receive such Proportion of the whole Bounty, to be allowed in respect of each Man, as his Majesty shall from Time to Time by any Regulations made in that Behalf direct.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Man who ffiaH be found and provided by any such Heritors, Agents or Person appointed by them, shall have been ordinarily resident thirty Days or more within the Parish for which such Man shall be found and produced, or in some other Parish in the same Subdivision, or in some Parish in the same County or Stewartry, not more than twenty Miles or in some adjoining County not more than ten Miles distant from the Parish for which such Man shall be found and produced, and shall produce to the Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom he shall be attested, a Certificate of such Rtfidence from any one of the Elders of the Parish in which he shall have so resided; which Certificate such Elders are hereby required to give, and if in case any Elder when required shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such Certificate, to the Man so found or provided, or shall knowingly make out and deliver a false Certificate, such Elder shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding five Pounds nor less than twenty Shillings Sterling, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom he shall be convicted thereof, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Act relating to the Militia.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not he lawful for the Heritors of any Parish, or any other Person or Persons, to makq, raise, or levy any Assessment, or any Subscription or Subscriptions, or Sum or Sums of Money, or to give, advance, or promise, any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person, for the Purpose of inducing such Person to enlist as a Volunteer, or in any Manner, in any such additional Force as aforesaid; and every Heritor, Agent, or Person appointed, or other Person, who shall in any Manner pay, or give or advance, to any Person any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, or who shall promise any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, other than such Bounty as shall be allowed and paid by or under his Majesty's Regulations in that Behalf, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under the said Act relating to the Militia.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector of the County or Stewartry wherein any Person so enlisted shall reside, and such Collector is hereby required to advance, out of any Monies in his Hands, to any Person (d enlisted, producing to such Collector an Order to that Effect, signed by any Deputy Lieutenant, or any one Justice of the Peace of such County or Stewartry for the Subsistence of such Man raised and provided for such Force by any such Parish, during his March to the Place of Rendezvous, any Sum not exceeding the Rate of Pay at two Shillings per Day, of so many Days as would enable such Man to march from the Place where he was raised to such Place of Rendezvous, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of Halting Days: Provided always that all Sums of Money so advanced in respect of any Man that shall be approved and attested for such additional Force, shall be repaid to the Collector who shall have advanced the lame, by the Officer appointed for receiving such Men.

" His Majesty may appoint Places of Rendezvous, and Officers to approve or reject Men, who shall certify* Rejections to the Clerk of the Subdivision, and the Inspector General, §25. [As §23. of cap. 56.3"

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Bounty as his Majesty shall direct, not exceeding three-fourth* of the Bounty that shall be from Time to Time allowed by his Majesty for recruiting the Infantry for General Service, shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Man who shall be provided or raised to serve in such additional Force under this Act; and so much of such Bounty shall be paid to every such Man, at such Times and Places, and in such Proportions, as to any Advance of any Part thereof, and in such Manner, and under and subject to such Regulations as his Majesty shall, by any Regulations from Time to Time made in that Behalf, be pleased to order and direct; and it shall be (awful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty* Treasury, or any three of them, to order the Receiver General for Scotland, or the Collector of the Ccfs of any County or Stewartry, to advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any such Bounties, or any Advances in respect thereof, as may be necessary, out of any Publick Monies in their Hands, or received or receivable by them out of any Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and all Monies paid under any such Orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and be allowed to such Receiver General or Collectors in their Accounts: Provided always, that such Bounty shall be in lieu of all Allowances and Payments of Money to which any such Man might be or claims to be entitled, under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commanding Officers may discharge Men becoming unfit for Service, f 27. — Where Men shall not be pro-w vided, the Parish shall pay twenty Pounds, which shall be certified by Deputy Lieutenants, to the Inspector General, and on Notice from him the Commanding Officer may enlist Recruits, §28. [As §25, 26. of cap. 56."]

C. 66. 127

XXIX. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy under any Act relating to the Militia, or to any such additional Force, and they are hereby required, at some General Meeting in each Year, to ascertain and fix by Ballot the Order in which the respective Subdivisions and Parishes in their respective Counties and Stewartries shall stand, as to the Applying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may exist or arise therein, by the recruiting of any Men by any Commanding Officer under the Provisions of this Act, and shall immediately, after the same mall have been so ascertained and fixed, cause a List of such Subdivisions and Parishes entered in such Order, and in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.) to be transmitted to the Inspector General aforesaid, or his Deputy, and to the Agent General for the Army of Reserve; and all Recruits that shall be raised by any Commanding Officer shall be appropriated to the several Parishes from which such Money shall have been remitted, in the Order in which such Sum of Money shall have been entered in such Discharge, and the Inspector General aforesaid, or his Deputy or General Agent aforesaid, shall, as fuon as the same can be done, give Notice thereof to some Person in the Parish, to be appointed by the Heritors or their Agents, for the Purposes of this Act, to the Account of which such Recruit shall have been entered, and shall specify the Name, Residence, Occupation, and Description of such Recruit.

" Oath of Men raised, §30. — By whom the Oath may be administered. Men to be attested as for the 4( Regular Forces. Men raised may be formed into additional Battalions attached to Regular Forces, " or into separate Battalions, &c. §31. — Limits of Service, §32. — His Majesty may appoint Officers u and Non-commissioned Officers, who, as well as the Men, shall be subject to the Mutiny Laws, §33. — Men 4i shall remain embodied till Gx Months after Peace, &c. §34. [As §28 — 32. of cap. 56. of this Session.y*

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of such respective Periods, within which any Man may be found and provided by the Heritors of any Parish or Parishes in any Subdivision, or their Agents, or any Person appointed by them for that Purpose, or as soon after as the same can be done, the Inspector General of the Army of Reserve, or his Deputy, shall transmit, from Time to Time after the Receipt of the Certificates mentioned in this Act, to the Clerk of Supply of the County or Stewartry within which such Parish or Subdivision shall be situated, Certificates of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to be filled up in the respective Counties or Stewartries 5 and the said Commissioners of Supply shall, within two Months after the Receipt of each such Certificate, make an Assessment upon each Parish or Subdivision, from which any Deficiency or Vacancy ought to have been supplied, for the Penalty of twenty Pounds for each Man which ought to have been so supplied by such Parish or Subdivision, in the Manner in which such Commissioners of Supply are directed to make Assessments for the Relief of Families of Militia Men, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to be applied towards raising Men for such additional Force: Provided always, that if at any Time after any such Penalty shall have been assessed and paid as aforesaid, and before such Notice shall have been given of a Recruit having been raised as aforesaid, a Man shall be found and provided by the Heritors of such Parish, or their Agents, or any Person appointed by them as aforesaid, to supply the Deficiency, in respect of which such Penalty was assessed and paid, then and in such Case the Amount of such Penalty shall, under the Order of the Secretary at War, be applied towards the Payment or Discharge of any other Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, due or to become due from such Parish or united Parishes.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, and also all Arrears of Fines, and all Moieties of Fines, paid or to be paid under any A&3 relating to the Militia, or such additional Force as aforesaid, and remaining in the Hands of any Person or Persons whatsoever, and also all Monies remaining in the Hands of any Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, or any other Persons whatsoever, arising from any Half Part or Residue of any Sums of Money paid by or on account of any Person ballotted to lerve in the Militia, or such additional Force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any Substitute or Volunteer to be enrolled in his Stead, and not subsequently paid over to the Persons entitled to receive the same, pursuant to the Directions of the Acts relating thereto, shall be Debts to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and may be recovered as such, or in Manner directed by this Act, and shall be paid over by such Collector or Collectors respectively, to the Order of the Secretary at War, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as may be justly entitled to the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Half Parts or Residuesof any such Sums of Moneyas aforesaid, remaining in the Hands of any Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, or of any other Person or Persons whatever, arising out of any Monies paid by or on account of any Person ballotted to serve in the Militia, or the additional Force raised by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the engaging of any Substitute or Volunteer to be enrolled in his Stead, and not subsequently paid over to the Person entitled thereto, shall, in all Cases in which the Person so entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for Service, or have deserted, go and belong to the Parish or Place for which such Man shall have been enrolled to serve, and shall, by the Order of the Secretary at War, be applied in Payment of so much of the Fine or Fines, Penalty or Penalties, assessed upon such Parish or Place; and all such Sums of Money, and also all Sums of Money arising from any Moieties of any Fines or Penalties that shall, after the Expiration of twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, remain in the Hands of any other Person or Persons under the said recited Acts, shall go and be applied towards the Payment of any Assessments under this Act, and the Surplus, if any, shall be carried to the Account of the said Assessments thereafter to be made.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any such Assessments as aforesaid shall not be made by such Commissioners of Supply, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and in every Case in which any Collector shall neglect, omit, or retufe to levy and account for any Sums so assessed, within twenty-one Days after the Date of such Assessment; and also m every Case in which any such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, or other Persons whatsoever, having in their Hands any such Moieties of Fines, or Half Parts or Residues of such Sums of Money as aforesaid| shall not) within twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act,

pay

General Meetings shall fix by Ballot the Order in which Subdi-vifiuns and Pa-fifties shall Band, as t> supplying Deficiencies, and a List, (See Schedule £.) shall he lent to Inspector General, ice. according to which Recruits shall bt appropriated. Inspector General, &c. shall give Notice to the Parish.

After Time for providing Meft (See $ 20, 21.) Inspector General shall send to Clerk of Supply Certificates of Deficiencies, ice. and Cumin issioners shall a fiefs the Penalty, See.

Application of Penalty if Man found before Recruit i* raised. (See $ 28.)

Fines received by any Persons maybe recovered a* Uebts to the King under this

a eu

Application of Share of Money in Hands of Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, ice. (under 42 G. 3. c. 91. or 4j G. j. c. 83.) where the Party entitled is discharged as unfit.

Assessments, nol made by Commissioners of Supply; Monies not levied or accounted for by Collectors; Monies sot paid

C. 66

128

by Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, See. may be recovered summarily in the Exchequer.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

pay the same to such Collectors as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the said Court is hereby authorized, on the Application of his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, by Motion to the said Court in a summary Way, to hear and determine on the Matter of such Application; and if on Notice of such Application to the Clerk of Supply, or to the Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, or other Persons, in relation to whom such Application shall have been made, as the Case may require, no sufficient Cause is shewn for such Default, Neglect, or Omission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to fine any such Commissioners of Supply, Collector, or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, or other Person as aforesaid respectively, in any Sura not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum that ought to have been assessed, or paid or levied, or accounted for, as the Case may be, and to cause the same to be levied by Distrin-gas, or other Process applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court

" If Meetings are not held within the Period herein prescribed, Special Meetings may be holden, §39. — M Powers oiMilitia Act 42 G. 3. r. 91. and of Defence Acts 42 G. 3. c. 8j, See. extended to this Act, §40. — " Except as to Allowances to Families of Men raised after passing this Act, $ 4*. — Act may be altered or M repealed this Session, §42. [See §38, 40 — 42. of cap. 56. of this Sejjbm.y*

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULES (A.), (B.), (C.), (D.)

[As in cap. 56. of this Session

SCHEDULE (E.)

LIST of Subdivisions, Parishes, and Places in the Order in which Men are to be recruited for the Year 1805;

(or as the Case may be).

A

Subdivision of D.

'V — — 1. County of C. 3. Subdivision of M. 4. Subdivision of P.

1. Parish of - £ 1. Parish of - P. 1. Parish of

2. - - of - F. 2. - 0. 2.

3. - - of - G. 3 - F* 3-

f* < 1 a, 1 1 £ 4. ----- M. 4-

- S N. 5-

2. County of M. 6. P.

7 s. 5. Subdivision of g.

Parish of - - - L. 8 T.

- of 9.* , - £ 1. Parish of

-.of -- 0. 10. 2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

Ascertained by Ballot, at General Meeting of the Lieutenancy of the above County, held at on the Day 180

(Signed) A.B.

Clerk of the Meetings.

SCHEDULE (F.)

NOTICE.

THE Heritors of the Parish of A. or their Agents, or the Perfop appointed by them for that Purport pursuant to an Act passed in the forty-foorth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, [here fetforth the Title of this Act-\, are hereby required to provide and produce Men to supply the Deficiency

or Vacancy which this Parish is bound to supply to the additional Force raised pursuant to the said Act.

(Signed, as the Ccfe may be) A.B. Lieutenant,

or

C. Z). Yice-Lieutenant;

' or

£ JF 1

£* A V Deputy Lieutenants.

A.D. 1804. 44." GEORGII IH. C. 67.

CAP. I.XVII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five* certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland: and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency.

[10th July 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies granted to your Majesty, and for the Support of your Majesty's Government, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and pc it enacted by the fang's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, mentioned and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.), imported into Ireland the several Duties inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties as- the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule marked (A.), in Addition to the Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this A A,

I?. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, a Duty of six Pounds upon every one hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties which shall be payable on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Sugar, and except Goods the Growth, Pro-dud, or Manufacture of Great Britain), imported into Ireland by any Person being a Retailer or Consumer of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, over and above the full Amount of all other Duties payable thereon respectively.

Ilf. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the Importation of Tea into Ireland, s several and respective Duties following J (that is to say).

Of all Tea which shall have been purchased at any Sale of the East India Company in London, for left than two Shillings and Sixpence British per Pound Weight Averdupoia, a Duty of fifty -one Pounds fourteen Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, according to such Price:

And of all Tea which shall have been purchased at any Sale of the East India Company in London, for two Shillings and Sixpence British per Pound Weight Averdupois, or upwards, a Duty of eighty-four Pounds fourteen Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, according to such Pnce:

In lieu and full Satisfaction of all Subsidies, Duties, and Customs payable on the Importation thereof into Ireland, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland:

And that on Exportation of such Tea, the following Drawbacks or Allowances shall be made in lieu of former Drawbacks or Allowances; (that is to say), 1

In respect of the said Duty of fifty-one Pounds fourteen Shillings, a Drawback of forty-eight Pounds four Shillings:

And in respect of the said Duty of eighty-four Pounds fourteen Shillings, a Drawback of eighty-one Pounds /ur Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act granted on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in this Act or the said Schedule marked (A.) mentioned, shall be chained and payable on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which shall not have been entered on or before the pamng of this Act, or on which the Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize may have been imported into Ireland before the passing of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Duties mentioned and set forth in the said Schedule marked (A.) shall be charged and payable on all such of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, as, having been imported into Ireland, shall have been or shall be warehoused, and shall remain at the Time of the pamng of this Act in the Warehouses in pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may have been imported before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, until the Duties which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall have been fobjed tn before the passing of this Act shall be payable.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, coUeded, and paid, unto and for the Use #f his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines which, at or after the passing of this Act, shall have been or ftiallbe in the Stores or Warehouses, or in the Custody, Power, or Possession of any Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine in Ireland, and which shall have paid the Duties payable on the Importation thereof under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the passing of this Act, the respective additional Duties of Excise following; (that is to lay),

44GcO'III« S For

129

Additional Duties on Importation and Drawbacks in respect! thereof in Schedule (A.) Hull be paid and allowed in Ireland.

Six per Cent, on the Amount of the Duties on Goods (except Sugar and British Goods) ins-ported by Retailers.

Duties on Importation of Tea,

If under is. 6d« per lb.

is. fd. per lb. or upwards.

in lieu of former Duties.

Drawbacks on

Exportation of Tea.

Duties in Schedule (A.) shall be payable on Goods nu entered, though imported before passing this Act and also on Goods warehoused pursuant to any Mi.

Additional Er-oise Duties on Wines in the Stock of Importers or Dealers. [Andfit

French.

Madeira. Rhenish, &c.

Portugal and Spanilk White.

Spanish Red, &c.

1.103, §16.] All other Wines.

Muscovado Sugar in Stock charged with additional Duty of 2$. 8d. per Cwt. JAnd fee §22,

Additional Excise Duties in Schedule (B.) on Spirits and Tobacco in Ireland.

Additional Duty on Malt ts. jd. par Barrel.

Malt in possession chargeable with the old Duty liable to the new. [And fee §18, #r.J

Drawback on the Exportation of Strong Beer. [&#44(?. 3.

4-]

Additional Duty on Spirita in Stock of Distillers or Retailers, 6d. per Gallon.*lAndfee §18.]

All Duties and Drawbacks under this or former Act shall be payable in Aritish Currency.

Except ions.

For and upon each and every Tun of French Wine, the Sum of eleven Pound* nineteen Shillings and one Penny:

For and upon each and every Tun of Madeira Wine, the Sum of nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine-pence:

For and upon each and every Tun of Rhenish Wine and Wines of Germany and Hungary, the Sum of twenty-two Pounds nine Shillings and four-pence:

For and upon each and every Tun of Portugal Wines and Spanish White Wines, nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight-pence:

For and upon each and every Tun of Spanish Red Wines and Canary Wine, and all other Wines of the Dominion of Spain, and the Wines of Naples and Sicily, the Sum of uxteen Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight-pence:

And for and upon each and every Tun of any other Sort of Wines, not otherwise enumerated, the Sum of twenty-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Sixpence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Wines respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of two Shillings and eight-pence for and upon every hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, which, at or after the Time of the passing of this Act, shall have been or shall be in the Stores or Warehouses of any Importer of Sugar in Ireland, and which shall have been charged with the Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon all Spirits made or diddled in Ireland, and upon all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, the additional Duties of Excise inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Schedule or Table marked (B.), over and above all other Duties of Excise whatever payable in Ireland thereon, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in IrcLmd of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, an additional Duty of one Shilling and five-pence, over and above all Duties payable thereon under or by virtue of any Ad or Add in force in Ireland, which Duty shall be paid by the Maltster or Maker of such Malt.

X. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of one Shilling and five-pence for and upon every Barrel of Malt which shall have been or shall be in the Possession of any Person in Ireland at or after the passing of this Act, and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to every Person who shall export Strong Beer or

Ale from Ireland (except to Great Britain), a Drawback or Allowance of six Shillings and eleven-pence Farthing, for every thirty-two Gallons of such Strong Beer or Ale, in lieu of all former Drawbacks or Allowances thereon. 4

XII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Sixpence for and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vita, Strong Waters, or Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, from Malt, Corn, or Grain, or from Me-laffes or Sugar, or any other Material which, at or after the passing of this Act, shall have been or shall be in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller, Redifier, or Retailer of or Dealer in Spirits in Ireland, and which Spirits mall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this Act, all Duties whatsoever payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, either by this or any former or other Act or Acts, as Excise or Customs, or under any other Name or Description whatever, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, and all Drawbacks for or in respect of such Duties, shall be paid and payable in British Currency 5 that is to say, for every Shilling to which the said Duties shall amount, there shall be paid the Sum of thirteen-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, so as that the said Duties shall be increased thereby after the Rate of eight and one-third per Centum in Amount; and that in all Cases where any Duties or Drawbacks on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into or from Ireland, are by Law directed to bfe ascertained, not by the Tale, Weight, Gauge, or Measure, but by the Value thereof, such Value, as well as the Rate of Duty thereon, shall be taken in British Currency, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: (Except the Duties payable on the Importation of Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Great Britain, and all Drawbacks in respect thereof; and except the Duties on the Exportation of Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Ireland to Great Britain; and except Duties on the Importation of Raw or Thrown Silk, or Foreign Salt, into Ireland, and all Drawbacks in respect thereof; and except the Duties on Coaches and Chaises, on Fire Hearths, on. Male Servants, and on Dwelling Houses according to the Number of Windows or Lights; and except Inland Duties of Excise on Leather and Leather Manufactures; Glass Bottles; Vellum, Parchment, and Paper of all Sorts, plain, printed, stained, or coloured; and Sweets; and also except Quit, Crown, Composition, and Port-Corn, and other Rents $ and the Rates and Dutiea. on Letter* and Packets Tent by the Post in Ireland):

1 Provided

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 6'7.

131

Prorided always, that no Drawback whatever shall be paid in British Currency, unless the Duty which is to be drawn back shall have been likewise paid in the same Currency.

XIV. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland\ that, in respect of the additional Duties hereby imposed on Articles of the Growth, Produce, or

Manufacture of Ireland, or on the Materials of which they may be composed, additional Countervailing Duties

should be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, described,

andfet forth in the Table or Schedule hereunto annexed marked (C.), being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said additional Duties in Ireland; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things, mentioned, set forth, and described in the Table or Schedule marked (C.), the several Countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever, payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that upon the Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Ireland, to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu of and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same.

XV. And whereas it is expedient, on account of the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Raw or Muscovado Sugar imported into Ireland, that an additional Bounty or Allowance should be paid on the Exportation from Ireland of all refined Sugar manufactured from Sugar on the Importation whereof the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been duly paid be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of any such refined Sugar, an additional Bounty, to be calculated at and after the Rate of twenty-two Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds in Money, on the Produce and Amount of whatever Bounty may be due and payable on any such refined Sugar respectively by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the Exportation thereof, over and above the additional Bounty on such Sugar granted by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An ABfor charging,

until toe twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jive, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing _T_

certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland; and 44G. 3. r* M. alfs for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates, Dudes, and Taxes,*&}*&]

Bounties, and Drawbacks: Provided always, that the additional Bounty by this Act granted shall not be paid

or allowed on any refined Rugar, unless it shall appear that the additional Duty hereby imposed was paid on the Raw Sugar from which the same was produced.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That jn lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and exported (except to Great Britain), every Person who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, export Spirits distilled in Ireland to any Place (except to Great Britain) shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of such Spirits as and for a Drawback of the whole Duty of Excise, as well that on Spirits as on Malt, paid for or in respect of the said Spirits, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say, of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength equal to British Hydrometer Proof, the Sum of three Shillings and nine-pence Halfpenny; and of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not less than a Strength equal to five Degrees, or ten per Centum, over British Hydrometer Proof, the Sum of four Shillings and nve-pence Halfpenny j and of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not less than a Strength equal to ten Degrees, or twenty per Centum over British Hydrometer Proof, the Sum of five Shillings and one Penny Three-farthings 5 and that if the Spirits so to be exported shall be of a greater Strength than ten Degrees, or twenty per Centum over Britjb Hydrometer Proof, there shall be paid for every Degree which the said Spirits shall exceed the Strength before mentioned, a further Drawback after the Rate of two Pounds for every one hundred Pounds on the Amount of such Drawback of five Shillings and one Penny Three-farthings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XVlL 4 And whereas it is deemed expedient to change the Mode of coUeding the Revenue arising from Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, by putting the same under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland; be it enacted, That, from and after the twenty-eight Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, the Duties payable under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland upon Licences to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Ale, or Beer, by Retail in any City, Town, or Place in Ireland, shall cease and determine.

c. 1*3. §10 — 16. ns to the Stamp Duties.]

XVIII. And, in order to secure the Duty on every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, in the Stock of every Distiller, Redifier, Retailer of or Dealer in Spirits, and of the additional Duty on every Bar-

rd of Malt by this Act herein before severally imposed, be it enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excise an Ireland, authorised or required thereto by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Excise, shall and may take an Account of the iuft and true Quantity of all Spirits in the Stock, Custody, or Possession of any Distiller, or Redifier, or Fador, or Retailer of or Dealer in Spirits in Ireland, and of all Malt, whether ground or ungromid, in the Possession of any Person in Ireland, at or after the passing of this Act, and of all Spirits and Malt in the Possession of any such Distiller, Redifier, Retailer, Dealer, or other Persons, after that; or any subsequent Day en which the said additional Duties respectively shall not have been charged, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers it or are now required by Law to take an Account of any Spirits or Malt, and shall make a Return or Report in Writing to the CoUedof of the District in which such Person shall reside, or in which his or her Malthouse or Stores shall be iitoated, of the iuft and true Quantity of all such Spirits and Malt, and of t^e

Coun Availing Duties on Bri-tiOa Gojd3 imposed into Ireland in lieu of former Countervailing Duties.

[ S-e Schedule (<-')]

Equivalent Countervailing Drawbacks on Irish Goods to Great Britain.

Additional Bounty to be allowed on the Exportation of Relined Sugar.

[Ste 43 G. 3. c. 17. and

Drawbacks on Exportation of Spirits (except to Great Britain).

From Sept, if, 1804, Duties oa Licences for selling Spirits, fee. to cease. [See 44 G. 3. c. 68. andolfo

Account of the Stock, of Spirits and Malt [See Vio. I2.J Inal I be taken by the Excise Officer, and a Return made to tire. Collectoi'of the Diitt ill.

Duties on such Spirits anti Malt shall be paid within one Month, or if exceeding tool* may be bonded for six Months.

Penalty for Default in Payment. Amount of Duties 501. Jcc.

Wines imported before parting this Act, not having paid the former Duty, liable to additional Duty. Importers and Dealers in Wines, and Importers of Sugar, to deliver an Account of their Stock to the Collector of Excise of the District*

Penalty for Default, 2001* ice.

Officers of Excise may enter Premises of Wine Dealers and Importers of Sugar, and take an Account of Slock.

C. 67.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

(kid Duties payable thereon, over and above the Daty theretofore payable thereon j and such Return or Report shall be a Charge on every such Person refoe&ivdy.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Di (litters, Rectifiers, Retailers, Factors, Dealers, or other Persons charged with the said lad mentioned additional Duties on Spirits and Matt, shall, within one Month from the Time they shall be charged therewith, pay to the CoUedtor of the District all such Duties as shall be due from them respectively for or on account of such Spirits or Malt, unless such Spirits or Malt shall be fooootr removed, in which Case the said additional Duties shall be paid for all such Spirits or Malt before the same shall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted: Provided always that if any such Charge on any one Person shall amount to the Sum of two hundred Pounds, it shall be lawful For his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, to take Security for the Payment thereof, in such Manner and payable at such Time or Times as shall be expressed in such Approbation, not exceeding six Months.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all such Persons so having Spirits or Malt in their Possession, who shall not pay, within the Time aforesaid, or, in case of Security being given, within the Time or Times specified, the Duty charged on all such Spirits or Malt, or shall remove any such Spirits or Malt without having paid or cleared tnc said additional Duties respectively, or in whose Stock-Account kept by any Officer of Excite there shall appear to have been any Decrease of such Spirits or Malt without Permit, shall forfeit the Amount of the Duty chargeable on such Spirits or Malt; and if such Person shall not have giyen Security, he or she shall forfeit also the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Offence.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Wines, which, before the passing of this Act, shall have been imported, the Duties payable upon the Import of which shall not have been duly paid and discharged, shall be considered as Wines remaining in his Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the passing of this Act, and shall be charged accordingly, and the Proprietor thereof shall be subject to the additional Duties on the Importation thereof mentioned, contained, and set forth in the Schedule or Table hereunto annexed marked (A.) over and above all former Duties payable on the same.

XXII. And, for ascertaining the Stock of all Foreign Wines belonging to all Merchant Importers of,

Factors and Dealers in, or Sellers or Retailers of Foreign Wines, and of all Brown or Muscovado Sugars in

the Stock of any Importer of Sugar in Ireland\ at or after the passing of this Act, and for securing the additional Duties by this Act imposed thereon, be it further enacted, That every such Importer of, Dealer in Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wines, and every Importer of Sugar in Ireland, who shall respectively have any such Wine or Sugar respectively in his, her, or their Possession, in any Warehouse, Store-room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person for his, her, or their Use, shall, within three Days after the thirty-first Dav of July One thousand eight hundred and four, deliver, at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Wine or Sugar respectively shall have been on the Day of the passing of this Act, or any other Day between that Day and the said thirty-first Day of July inclusive, a just, true, and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all the Foreign Wine, and of an the Brown or Muscovado Sugar respectively, which, on the Day of the passing of this Act, or on any Day between that Day and the said thirty-first Day of July inclusive, shall have so been in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, or Importer of Sugar respectively, in every such Warehouse or other Place, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person for his or her Use, describing the Places in which the same shall respectively be, and the Situation thereof, and distinguishing such Foreign Wines from each other, according to the true Denomination thereof, as the same are herein-before described, and also distinguishing whether such Wines are White or Red, and all Wines in Bottles shall be accounted for according to the Number of Bottles, without expressing the Number of Gallons of Wine contained in such Bottles, but estimating the Number of such Gallons in the Whole by a fair Calculation made on the actual Content of any given Number of such Bottles indifferently chosen; and every such Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Foreign Wine, and every such Importer of Sugar respectively, shall make Oath, or, if a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before any Chief Commissioner, or Sub-commissioner of Excise, that such Account is a true, just, and perfect Account of all such Wines and Sugars respectively as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation any such (Jommissioner or Sub-commissioner is hereby authorized to administer; and every such Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, or other Person, who shall neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Account within the Time aforesaid, and to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall deliver or cause to be delivered any false or untrue Account, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and all such Foreign Wine and Sugars respectively of which such1 Account shall not be delivered, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall also be forfeited, together with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Hogs-heads, and Packages containing the same respectively, and shall and may be fuzed by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may b*, to enter into all or any of the Warehouses, Store* houses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places of any such Importer of, or Dealer in, or Seller of Foreign Wine, whether by Wholesale or Retail, and into any Place where any Wine belonging to any Importer of, Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine shall be, and, by tailing, gauging, or otherwise, to take an Account of the Quality and Quantity of all Wine then and there found in the Custody of or belonging to any such Importer, Dealer, Seller, or'Retailer, in any Calk, or in any Vessel, except Bottles, and also to take an Account of all such Wine which shall be then and there found in Bottles, in any other Manner than by tailing the fame, or by uncorking or opening the Bottles containing such Wine, unless with the Consent of the Proprietor, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Number of Gallons therein in Manner «fore-mentioned; and in case of Refu&l of such Consent, each Botue shall be deemed to contain the Quantity which its common Denomination

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 67.

of Pint, Quart, two Quart*, and so forth, imports \ and in like Manner it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to enter into all or any of the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, or other Places of any Importer of Sugars, and to take an Account of all Brown or Muscovado Sugars, and the Quantity thereof then and there found in the Custody of or belonging to any such Importer; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or thtm at any such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take an Account of all Wines and Sugars respectivehr in Manner aforesaid, or if such Importer, Dealer, Seller, Retailer, or Person having the Custody or Possession of such Wines, or such Importers of Sugars, shall neglect or refuse to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer all the Wines and Sugars respectively in every such Warehouse or other Place respectively, such Person respectively, into or at whole Warehouse or other Place such Officer shall not be admitted, or shall not be suffered to take such Accounts respectively, and every such Person who shall refuse or neglect to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer all such Wines or Sugars as aforesaid respectively, shall for every such Offence or Default respectively forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Dispute between the Officer of Excise and any such Importer of, or Dealer or Seller of Foreign Wine, as to the Nature or Species of any particular Wine, and the Country of which it is the Growth or Manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and every (neb Officer is hereby authorized and empowered to take, at any Time or Times, a Sample or Samples, not exceeding one Quart, of any such Foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Calks, or in any other Vessd or Vessels, paying for the same Wine the uiual Price thereof; and if such Officer or Officers shall not be permitted to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, Upon his offering to pay for the same after the Rate aforesaid, or shall in any wise be obstructed or hindered by any Person or Persons whatever in taking such Sample or Samples, the Importer of or Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of such Wine, or other Person in whole Custody such Wine shall be, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Officer and Officers of Excise who shall take such Account of such Wines and Sugars respectively, shall insert therein the Amount of Duties hereby charged and payable thereon; and the Sums charged in such Account shall be a Charge on such Importer of, Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of Wine, or other Person or Persons, and on such Importer of Sugar respectively, who shall pay the said Duty accordingly, in case such Return or Report shall contain a greater Quantity of Wines or Sugar respectively than shall be respectively comprised in the respective Accoimts herein-before directed to be returned by the Parties respectively to whom such Wine or Sugar shall belong, otherwise the Account given by such Parties shall be a Charge on him orher, and he t>r (he shall pay the said Duty accordingly; and where no such Account shall have been returned by such Importer or other Person, the Return made by the Officer under this Act, shall be a condusive Charge dn such Importer or other Person.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person chargeable with the said additional Duties on Sugar shall, within three Calendar Months after the said thirty-first Day of July, pay to the Collector of Excise the said Duties in respect of all such Sugars as aforesaid m his or her Possession, or in the Possession of any other Person or Peiibna for his or her Use as aforesaid: and in Default of Payment thereof at the Time aforesaid, every Inch Person so chargeable as aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds and Double the Amount of the Duty.for which he shall be so chargeable as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Importer, Dealer, or other Person chargeable with the said additional Duties on Wines in respect of such Wines in his or her Stock or Possession, to give Security by Bond to his Majesty, with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Colfedor of the District in which such Importer or other Person resides, which Bond such Collector is hereby authorized to take for his Majesty's Use in a Penalty of not less than Double the Amount of the said additional Duties, conditioned that such Importer, Dealer, or other Person shall pay the Amount of the said additional Duty on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five, by fix equal Instalments; the first of such Instalments to be paid on the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, the four succeeding Instalments on the twenty-fifth Day of December, the twenty-fifth Day of March, the twenty-fourth Day of June, and the twenty-ninth Day of September then next ensuing, and the fixtirand Last Instaunent on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Merchant Importer of, Dealer in, or Seller or Retailer of any such Wines, or the Importer of such Sugar respectively, shall have fold or shall sell the same, or any Part thereof, and shall be desirous of removing the same out of his Stock before Payment of the respective additional Duties by this Act imposed, no Permit shall be granted for the Removal thereof, unless the said respective additional Duties, and all Duties of Customs and Excise due thereon, shall have been previously paid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be so charged with or be liable to the said respective additional Duties, shall pay the same or any Part thereof before the Expiration of the respective Times when the feme are by this Act required to be paid, every such Person shall be allowed, as a Discount for prompt Payment, a Sum out of such Duties as he or she shall so pay, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for such Time as any Sum shall be paid by him before the Time when the same is by this Act required to be paid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize into Ireland\ are permitted to be secured by Bond, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act granted or imposed may, in like Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond.

133

Penalty for oMtructing Officers, zoo 1.

In rife of Dif. ptt'.c, Officers may take Samples ol Wine,

Sc c.

Officers taking Account of Wines and Sugars shall insert therein the A, mount of Duties, which shall be charged accordingly, fit C.

Duty on Sugar in Stock shall be paid within 3 Months, Penalty Tool, and Double Duty.

Bond may be taken for Payment of Duty on Wine in Stock.

No Permit for Removal of Wine or Sugar from Slock till Duties paid.

Discount of 6 per Cent, to be allowed for prompt Payment.

AH additional Duties may be secured by Bond.

A.D. 1804.

i34

Bond not fnl>jest to Stamp Duty.

Dealer in Wine, &c. entitled to charge additional Duty to Buyer before Delivery.

Price of Teas shall be inserted in the Cockets, See.

c. 67. 44» GEORGII III.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bond that may be taken in pursuance of this Act shall be chargeable with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person who shall be charged with the additional Duties by this Act imposed upon any Wine, Sugar, Malt, or Spirits, in his or her PofFelfion, shall have fold or contracted to fell any such Wine, Sugar, Malt, or Spirits to any Person or Persons, and shall not have delivered the same to the Buyer thereof, then and in every such Case the Buyer of the said Wine, Sugar, Malt, or .Spirits shall not be entitled to claim the Delivery of such Wine, Sugar, Malt, or Spirits, without first paying the additional Duty which such Seller shall have been charged with or paid for such Wine, Sugar, Malt, or Spirits.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Price of all Teas imported into Ireland shall be inserted n the Cockets, and shall be further ascertained by Reference to the Sale Books of the East India Company, according to the Manner heretofore establiflud in Ireland for that Purpose.

" Duties shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, §34. — Fees shall not be charged on any Entry u or Cocket on account of additional Duties, §35. — Duties and Drawbacks to be paid in British Currency, " See. and in proportion to the Weight, Tale, ' See. §36. — Duties and Penalties shall be levied and collected 11 as under Excise Ad, 14, 13, C. 2. (I.) c. 8, §37. — Continuance of &Qt, \March 25, 1805, which may be " altered or repealed this Session, §38."

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Additional Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods* Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, ) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

Snuff, the Pound -

Sugar, viz.

--Muscovado and Brown, of the British Plantations, the Cwt. —

- Not of the British Plantations, (except Sugars imported by the East India Company, ) the Cwt.

- Candy Brown, the Cwt.

- Candy White, the Cwt.

- Refined Sugar, of any other Sort, the Cwt. —

Wine, the Tun of 252 Gallons, viz.

- French -

--Madeira — — — % —

- Portugal and Spanish White Wines -

- Spant/b Red Wines, and Canary Wines, and all other Wines of the Dominions of Spain, and the Wines of Sicily and Naples —

- Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary Wines -

- Not otherwise enumerated or described -

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ s. d. /. d.

O 0 0 0

O 2 8 0 2 8

O 11 7 0 IX. 7A

O3 7 03 7

I93A 193*

X93*Aj 19St4p

II 19 1 11 19 1

9 17997 9

9 19 89l9 8

16 19 8 16 l9 8

2294 2294

H5 64 lS 6

SCHEDULE (B.)

A SCHEDULE of Inland Duties of Excise for, upon, and in respect of the several Articles

therein mentioned*

Duty.

SPIRITS. £. , J.

For and in>on every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made or distilled in Ireland

from Malt, or from Com malted or unmalted, to be paid by the first Maker or Distiller thereof o o 2§ For and upon every Gallon of Spirits made or distilled from Melaftes in Ireland, to be paid by the

first Maker or Distiller thereof - 00 6Ty

TOBACCO.

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco, which shall be manufactured in Ireland in any Manner, to be paid by the Penon manufacturing the fame, or taking any Part thereof out of the original Package, and to be paid for every round Weight contained in such Package, at the Time when the same shall be opened - 004

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1804.

C. 67, 68

- i35

44° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (C.)*

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

BEER.

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing 32 Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain -

And so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Duties.

£ s* d.

o 6 ii|

SPIRITS.

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits being of the Manufacture of Great Britain

Sugar refined, of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

For and upon every Hundred Weight, containing ialbs.

Of all Sugars called Bastards, whole or ground, -

Lumps -

Single Loaf Sugar -

Powder Loaf and Double Loaf -

Sugar Candy Brown -

Sugar Candy White -

Of all refined Sugar of any other Sorts -

- M of

- i 6 6

- *9 4 i

- a 13 o

- 2 17 o

- 294i

- a 17 of

- 2 17 o|

TOBACCO and SNUFF.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or

Produce of Great Britain over and above any Duty of Customs now payable — — 00

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of

British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish - 01

British manufactured Shag Tobacco cut - 01

British manufactured Roll Tobacco - 01

British manufactured Carrot Tobacco - 01

Of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco not herein-before enumerated or described o 1 British manufactured Rappee Snuff - 01

British manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff - 01

British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuff — — — 01

British manufactured Stalk Flour - 01

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff or,

Snuff Work not herein-before enumerated or described - 01

9

4tS

4no

2n

4ao

hz

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[10th July 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to your Majesty, and for the Support of your Majesty's Government, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing*of this Act, there shall, throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Articles, Matters, and Things, expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several and respective Rates, Impositions, Duties, Charges, and Sums of Money in the said Schedule respectively mentioned and set forth; which said Schedule shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this Act, the Stamp Duties now payable in Ireland upon any Licence to any Person to aCi as a Notary Publick, and on every Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents, shall cease and determine 5 and that in lieu thereof the Duties mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be paid and payable on such Licences and Letters of Attorney respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council, or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland\ which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or Daily Accounts, to be published weekly or oftener, or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet, dispersed or made publick, yearly, monthly, or at any other Interval of Time, (except the Dublin Gazette, ) shall, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this ACI, be considered as an Advevtisement, and shall accordingly be charged with and pay the several Duties imposed on Advertisements by an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties therein

mentioned,

See §14. <tf this 4*]

The Stamp Duties expressed in the annexed Schedule Hull be paid.

Duties on Nota-ries' Licences, and Letteis of Attorney shall I e in lieu of former Duties.

Proclamations, Stc. published in any Newspaper, &c. (except the Dublin Gazette), shall be charged with Duty on Adver-tisements under

43 G. 3. c.il.

(iVc $ 107. y

fA<7/ .1(1.)

So Affidavit for "founding a Presentment of a Grand Jury, See. fh.dl hr rcdi.cU tinleft duly djtnpcd.

C'ommissioners of Stamps flhall giant Licences to Postmasters, &cvto let Horses ^01 Iliic.

Penalty fot letting Horses without Licences, iool.

4! G. 3. c. tr.

124, 115. exempting Bank Notes, &c. from Duty, and authorizing Cona-penfatien in 'lieu, repealed.

Stamps shall be provided to denote the Duties payable on Bank Notes, and on Permits and Certificates.

All ifilled after Notice, not having the new Stamp, dtvewed undamped.

Duties shall be under the Management of tire Commissioners for Stamps,

Persont may have old Stamps ©changed for new, paying the Difference of K: .r, &c.

C. 68. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Usage, or CuUom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit, made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of atiy Grand Jury for raising Money for Repair of Roads or for any other publick Purpose, shall be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered to any Grand Jury, nor shall any such Affidavit be delivered to any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shall be written on Paper stamped with the Stamp required by the Schedule to this Act annexed; any Law, Usage, or Cnffom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any of them, may, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, grant a Licence to any Podmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person in Ireland, who shall apply for the fame, tQ let put Horses for Hire, for the Purpose of travelling Post, by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, and that all such Licences shall be in force from the Day of granting the fame, or from such Day subsequent thereto as shall be mentioned in the said Licence, until the twenty-fifth Day of March next following the Day on which the said Licence shall so begin to have Force, and no longer, in like Manner as other Licences granted by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland; and that no Person shall, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this Act, let out any Horse or Horses to hire as aforesaid, without having taken out such Licence; and that any Person who shall let out any Horse or Horses to hire as aforesaid, without having obtained such Licence, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as exempts Bank Notes and Bank Poll Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any other Bank or Bankers in Ireland, from any of the said Duties by the said Act charged and made payable, and as authorizes any Compensation to be made by or received from the said Governor and Company, or by or from such other Bank, or Banker or Bankers, for and in lieu of Stamp Duties payable on Bank Notes and Bank Pod Bills issued by them, shall, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend, to charge the said Governor and Company, or any other Bank, or Banker or Bankers in Ireland, with the Payment of any Duty for any such Notes or Bills, during the Time for which any such Compensation shall have been afttrally and boaAJide paid and made before the pawne of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland \shall cause separate and particular Stamps or Marks to be provided, to denote the Duties payable on Bank Notes and Bank Pod Bills issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any other Bank, or Banker or Bankers in Ireland, and also new and particular Stamps or Marks to denote the Duty by this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed made payable on Permits relative to any exciseable or other Goods, and on Certificates of such Permits; and all such Bank Notes and Bank Pod Bills, and Permits or Certificates respectively, as shall be issued after one Month from the Day on which publick Notice shall be given in the Dublin Gazette by the said Conftmissioners t>f Stamps, that such separate or new or particular Stamps or Marks for the same are respectively provided, and shall be written or printed on any Paper or Parchment without fneb Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided, for the Purposes aforesaid respectively, although such Stamps may be of the Amount by Law required, shall be of no other Effect than if they had been wnttfti or printed on Paper or Parchment not marked or stamped; and all Pensons who shall write or print any such Bank Note, Bank Pod Bill, Permit, or Certificate, on any Paper or Parchment, having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided for the Purpose aforesaid, shall incur and differ such Penalty as they w*oaid he liable to in case such Bank Note, Bank Pod Bill, Permit, or Certificate respectively, had been written or printed on Paper or Parchment not marked or damped.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby granted shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and (in order to denote the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, whenever they fee Occasion) to use such Stamps as have been heretofore provided, to denote any former Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, (except where by this Act Directions are given for providing other Stamps, ) or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to alter or renew the fame, or any of them, from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the several Duties hereby granted, in the like and as full and ample a Manner, as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning any Duties under their Management.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons possessed of, or who shall be possessed of, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, damped or marked with any Stamp or Mark to denote any of the Duties now payable by Law on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which any Duty is hereby imposed* greater than the Duties now payable thereon, at any Time to bring such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to the said Commissioners, at their Head Office in Dublin, who are hereby authorized and required, upon Request of such Person or Persons, to order either that such Vellum, Parchment, &nd Paper be damped with a Duty denoting such greater or higher Duty, the Person or Persons re quelling the same paying the Difference of Price between the said respective Stamps, or that such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be brought for the Purpose, by the Person requesting the fame, to be duly damped and marked with Stamps denoting such Duties* as the Person or Persons requeuing the same shall require in Exchange fot such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as shall be offered for Exchange, the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given paying the Difference, if any, between the said respective Stamps: Provided always, that the Stamps marked on such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to be offered for Exchange, be cancelled.

C. 68

137

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Time* hereafter, couir terfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Mark, or Stamp, to resemble any Type, Mark, or Stamp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin^ for denoting the charging or marking, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped with any of the Duties by this Act charged thereon, or if any Person or Persons, save and except such Person or Persons as shall be lawfully entitled to have and use the same for the Purpose of damping Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in pursuance of this Act, shall have in his, her, or their Possession, any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp, to resemble any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Paid Head Office for denoting, charging, or marking, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped, any of the Duties by this A<S charged thereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, orimpressed, o» any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Mark or Device, used or kept at the Head Office aforesaid, for denoting the changing or marking, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or Thing directed to be stamped, any of the Duties by this Act charged thereon, or shall utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, or shall have in his or her Possession, with Intent to sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with any counterfeit Device, Mark, or Impression thereupon, to resemble any Mark or Device used or kept at the Head Office aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, knowing such Device, Mark, or Impression to be counterfeited, then, and in any of the said Cases, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall, for every such Offence, be adjudged to suffer, and shall accordingly suffer such Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment, Pillory, and other Corporal Punishment, or by any or either of the said Punishments, a9 shall be adjudged by the Court before whom such Person shall be tried, such Imprisonment not to exceed six Months.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties by this Act granted, and all other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, (except only such of the said Duties as are under the Sum of Sixpence, or between the Sum of Sixpence and the Sum of one Shilling, and the Stamp Duties on Certificates with respect to killing Game, ) shall be paid and payable in British Currency, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding: and that all Monies arising by the several Duties hereby granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedudedl into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties on stamped vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are by Law directed to be paid; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XII. And be it enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed by the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and not hereby expressly altered, shall be of Force and Effect with relation to all Duties hereby granted, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, colkding, and securing the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the Duties hereby granted.

u Duties on Affidavits shall take place from September i, 1804, § — Act may be varied or repealed thi«

u Session, §14."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the several Duties to be paid on the several and respectire Articles therein

set forth.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following 5 videftccJ,

Any Letter of Attorney, empowering any Person to receive Rents —

Any Affidavit made in pursuance of any Law foi amending or repairing publick Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads or any other publick Purpose, or for accounting for any publick Money, or discharging Queries on Presentraents -

Any Permit*granted by any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, or any Distributor of Stamps or other Person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, and also any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law,

If the Duties on the Goods permitted thereby amount to the Sum of five Pounds or less If the Duties amount to more than five Pounds and not exceeding ten Pounds —

If to more than ten Pounds and not exceeding fifteen Pounds -

If to more than fifteen Pounds -

Any Licence to any Poffmaller, Innkeeper, or other Person in Ireland, who shall let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Poll by the Mile or from Stage to Stage -

Any Licence to any Person to act as a Notary Publick — _ —

Geo. III. T

/ d.

- I IO C

- 0 2 0

- 0 0 2

- OO3 6 o

- 00

- 01

o o

Any

Penalty on

counterfeiting Stamps, Uc. Fine, tmprison-raent (not exceeding six Months), Pillory, &c.

Duties under this Act and a! other Stamp Duties (except as herein mentioned, ) shall he paid in British Currency, and carried to trish Cunfulidated Fund.

Poweri of 43 G. 3. c. if. &c. relating to Stamp Duties applied to the Act.

[* Sr* 44 G. 3. c.i03.|it, Jfr.]

C. 68, 69.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

t* Sw44g* 3*

c. 67. §17, and f. 10 V $l0, 6fc.}

Trustees of Linen Manufacture may appoint one In-Cpc&or General and alfe Provincial Inspectors General of Linen in certain Counties.

Vo additional Expence shall be incurred for Provincial Inspectots General,

For preventing Piauds in Linen sent to Great Britain, the

A-ny Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail*in the Places fol- £. x. d. lowing; videlicet*

In the City Dublin or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the

District of the Metropolis - 33 o o

Beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of his Majesty's Park the Pheernx, not more than two

Miles distant therefrom - 22 o o

In every other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road

and Wall of his Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than five Miles therefrom — 1610 o

Within the City of Cork and all Places surrounded by the said City — — — 33

And within the rest of the County of the said City — — — 22

Within the City of Waterford and all Places surrounded by the said City — — 33

And within the rest of the County of the fiud City — — — 22

In the City of Dime rick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis9x Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City - 33

And within the rest of the County of the said City — — — 22

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the Towns of Belfast,

Nenury* Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Clonmell — — — 16100

Within all other Cities, Corporate Towns, Market Towns where Markets are usually held, and

within one Mile of the Town House, Market House, or principal Market Place — 11 o o

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described — — 6 12 O

Any Licence to ^ny Person to fell Spirits in any Place in Ireland, in Quantities not less than two Gallons, the like Duty as is payable in such Place on a Licence tolell Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

[ioth July 1804.]

WHEREAS by the several Laws for regulating the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in Ireland, the

Trustees thereof are empowered to appoint one Inspector General to go from Time to Time through the various Parts of Ireland, or to appoint one such Inspector General to go through the various Parts of the«Province of Ulster, one other to go through the other three Provinces 5 and also to appoint, in case they shall judge it expecucnt, two Persons jointly to execute the Office of such Inspector General: And whereas, in pursuance thereof, they have appointed two Persons to execute the Office of Infoector General for the Province of Ulster, and two other Persons to execute the Office of Inspector General for the other three Provinces;

but they have lately deemed it unneceftaty to have two Inspectors General for the Province of Ulster; and it is necessary and expedient, for the better Execution of the Trail reposed in the said Trustees, that the Inspection of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in Ireland should be new arranged: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the said Trustees shall think fit to appoint one Inspector General to go from Time to Time through the various Parts of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to appoint one other Person to be Provincial Inspector General for the Province of Ulster, and one other for the Province of Connaught, and one other for the Provinces of Leinster and Munjler, during their Will and Pleasure; and every Provincial Inspector so appointed shall perform the Duties, and have all and Angular the Powers and Authorities, and be subject to all the Rules and Regulations prescribed by Law for an Inspector General, and shall likewise can-y into Execution, wihin his Province or District, all Orders respecting the said Manufacture which shall from Time to Time be given to him by the Inspector General, and shall from Time to Time make such Enquiries and Returns, respecting the said Manufacture, and the Execution of his Office, as shall be desired by the said Inspector General; and the Person so appointed Inspector General shall perform the Duties, and have all and Angular the Powers and Authorities, and be subject to all the Regulations prescribed by Law for an Inspector General.

II. Provided always, That no further or additional Expence shall be incurred by the said Trustees, either by Increase of Salary or otherwise, for such Inspector General of all Ireland, than they are enabled by Law to incur for the First Inspector General of the Provinces of Leinster, Munjler, and Connaught; nor any Further or additional Expence for the Provincial Inspector of Connaught, than they are enabled by Law to incur for the Second Inspector General of the said three Provinces; nor any further or additional Expence for the Provincial Inspector of Ulster, than they are by Law enabled to incur for the First Inspector General of U[fter; nor any further or additional Expence for the Provincial Inspector of Leinster and Munjler, than they are enabled by Law to incur for the Second Inspector General of Ulster; so as that the whole Expences to be incurred for the Iqfpcctor General of Ireland, and three Provincial Inspectors as aforesaid, shall not exceed in any ope Year the Efltpences now, allowed by Law to be incurred for jh'e two Inspectors General for Ulster, and the two Inspectors General for Leinster, Munjler, and Connaught \ ^nd that all Inspectors General, and Provincial Inspectors, to be > appointed from Time to Time pursuant to this Act, shaft be appointed in like Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as any Ipfpe&or General may now by Law be appointed.

III. ' And whereas it would tend to raise the Credit, and extend the Sale of the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, if a more speedy and satisfactory Redress were given to the Purchasers of Irish Lines#, for Damage^ ©batoned by bad Bleaching, or fraudulent or negligeut Lappers, or Sealmasters; And whereas Jrj/h Linens' ' feat

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 69.

Cent to Great Britain may not be discovered or suspected to be damaged, or fraudulently bleached, or lapped, 1

until after their Arrival there, and such Linens cannot be sent to Dublin to be examined without much Lof9

and Delay s And whereas no Redress can be given under the present Laws, by the Trustees of the Linen Ma-

nufacture of Ireland, for such Damages, nor can any Punishment be inflicted by them on any Scalmaster, or

Lapper, in respect of the same unleu such Linen shall be examined there; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any twelve or more of them, assembled at the Linen Hall in the City of Dublin, to empower their Agent in London, by Writing under their Hands, to receive any Complaints which shall be made there against any Lapper, or Sealmaster in Ireland, for fraudulent, unfound, damaged, or unmerchantable Linens; and the said Agent shall immediately transrait to the Secretary of the said Trustees a Copy of each and every such Complaintfo by him received, setting forth the Number of Pieces complained of, and an Account of the Marks and Seals on each Piece, and such Secretary shall enter the same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall cause Notice thereof to be forthwith served personally upon each Lapper or Sealmaster, whose Mark or Name shall be stated in such Complaint to be upon such Piece or Pieces of Linen, either at the House in the City of Dublin, appointed by such Sealmaster, or Lapper, for the Purpose of receiving Notices of Complaints, or in failure of such Appointment, upon the Inspector, in whose District the Parish m which such Sealmaster or Lapper shall reside, or be described in his Appointment to reside, shall be situate, to be by him posted up in some coni'picuous Place in such Parish; and in every such Notice a Day, not sooner than twenty Days nor later than forty Days from the Day of such Notice being served, shall be specified, whereon the Complaint therein set forth shall be heard before the Agent of the said Trustees in the City of London*

IV. And be it further enacted, That Proof of the Service of every such Notice, verified upon Oath, setting forth a Copy thereof, describing the Nature of such Service, shall be sent without Delay by the said Secretary to the said Agent, who shall forthwith desire the Attendance of such Number of Merchants, Drapers, Bleachers, or other Persons, skilled in the Linen Manufacture, as he shall think proper, such Number not being more than five nor less than three in the City of London, on the Day so appointed in such Notice for the hearing of the Complaint, and to examine each Piece of Linen complained of, and give their Opinion upon Oath (which Oath any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Examination shall take place, is hereby empowered to administer) as to the State and Quality of such Linen, and whether the Sealmaster, or Lapper, has acted improperly, negligently, or fraudulently, in stamping or sealing such Linen; and the Opinion of such Persons so sworn, or the Majority of them, delivered in Writing, and signed by the Persons giving such Opinion, shall be transmitted by such Agent to the said Trustees, and shall be and be deemed and taken to be conclusive Evidence to the said Trustees, of the State and Quality of the Linen so complained of, and of the Conduct of the Lapper, or Sealmaster, in respect thereof, except in Cases of Appeal made in Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Trustees shall thereupon proceed to determine the said Complaint according to such Opinion, by dismissirg the fame, or fining the Sealmaster, or Lapper, in such Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum or Sums allowed by Law, as they the said Trustees shall think proper for his Punishment, and for or towards recompensing the Party injured.

V. Provided always, That such Persons so called upon to give their Opinion as aforesaid, may, if thereunto required by the said Agent, declare likewise upon Oath (which Oath any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered to administer) their Opinion of the Amount of the Damages sustained by or occasioned to the Complainant, by means of the bad State of the Linen, or the Misconduct of the Sealmaster or Lapper 5 and that it shall and may be lawful for either of the Parties complained of or complaining, to object to any Person called upon to give his Opinion, and if it shall appear to such Agent upon Oath (which Oath any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered to administer) that such Person is particularly interested for either Party, or concerned in the Linens complained of, he shall be set aside, and another called on in his room.

VI. Provided always, That no Complaint as aforesaid shall be received or proceeded upon under this Act, on account of any Linens damaged by Mildew (not being inside Mildew) unless such Complaint shall be made within six Calendar Months after such Linen shall have arrived at the Place of Landing in Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so complained of under the Provisions of this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Opinion so given of the State and Quality of the Linen, and the Conduct of the Sealmaster, or Lapper, in respect thereof, it shall be lawful for such Person to lodge an Appeal against such Opinion with the Secretary of the said Trustees, upon his or her first giving Security to the said Trustees in double the Amount of all Fines or Penalties, to which such Person may be liable in respect thereof, for Payment of the fame, together with all Damages and Expences which shall attend the Removal of the Linen, so complained of and examined, to Dublin, and the Lois by Delay, or otherwise, which shall appear to accrue to the Complainant, in case such Opinion so appealed from shall be confirmed; and the said Trustees shall forthwith proceed to hear the said Complaint in the same Manner as if it had been originally made to them, at any Time not sooner than twenty Days after the receiving such Appeal, due Notice being first given to the Complainant of the Time so appointed, and on such Hearing, the Opinion so appealed from shall be laid by the said Trustees before such Persons as shall be sworn to examine into the said Complaint; and Opinions given under the Authority of this Act shall be reguhrly filed and preserved by the said Trustees, and be open to the Inspection of every Person and Persons deiirous of feting the same.

VIII. - And whereas by an Act, paised in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland\ in the third

Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Ma- 4 nufa Itures, it is enacted, That every Person keeping or occupying a Bleach Yard shall mark or stamp, or cause to be marked or stamped, in legible Letters with Lamp Black, or Vermillion, or Stone Blue and Sifce,

his or her Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode, with the Addition of the Word Bleacher, on

T 2*each

i39

Trustees mav empower chcjr Agent in London to receive Complaints, also shall give Nonce thereof through the Secretary to the Trustees.

The said Agent in London shall summon Merchants there to examine Linen, whose Certificate shall be transmitted to the Tru flees.

Such Merchant! shall certify Amount of Damages.

How such Merchants may be.objected to.

Limitation of*Complaints six Months.

Appeal from such Opinion* to the Tiu&ect.

3 G. 3. c. 34.

§ 46-

Bleacher* may

l*e ordered by TrvAcesioftamp under their Name, fee. the Word Muriatic where Muriatic Acid shall bu used.

Penalty on Bleachers for Neglectt therein, 5l. per Piece.

Recovery of Penalties.

One Secretary ol State may authorise any Person employed by the King of Denmark to export Machinery and Tools, See, for erecting a Mint in Denmark.

Officers of the Outturns may enter the Machinery, fee. which shall not be liable to Seizure.

Secretary of State may authorize any Person to contra£k with Workmen to go out of the Kingdom;

and to do any Thing necessary for executing the Work.

Secretary of State shall determine any Question that may arise.

69, jo* 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

each End of every Piece of Cloth by him or her bleached or whitened, before he or she shall sell or expose the same to Sale, or deliver it to the Owner thereof; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any twelve or more of them, assembled at the Linen Hall in the City of Dublin, to require and order, if they shall think fit, (by Writing under their Hands) every Bleacher to mark or (lamp id like Manner, close after or under his Name and Place of Abode, or the Word Bleacher, the word Muriatic, on each End of every Piece of Cloth, in the Bleaching or Whitening of which Muriatic Acid, or Muriate of Lime, shall have been used: Provided always, that Notice of a Meeting of the Trustees for taking into Consideration the making of such Order, shall be published regularly, during the Course of one Month previous to their Meeting, in some one of the Dublin Newspapers.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Bleacher (hah, after the Time prescribed in such Requisition or Order for marking or stamping the said Word Muriatic, omit or neglect to comply therewith, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for every Piece of Linen, in the bleaching whereof he or she shall have used Muriatic Acid, or Muriate of Lime, and shall not have marked or damped the Word Muriatic, at hereby enacted.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Penalties by this Act imposed, may be raised, levied, and recovered in like Manner as any Fine or Penalty of the like Amount is, by any Law or Statute in force and effect respecting the Linen Manufacture, directed to be raised, levied, and recovered.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for eroding

a Mint in the Dominions of the King of Denmark, [loth July 1804.]

WHEREAS his Majesty the King of Denmark hath proposed to ered and establish a Mint at Copenhagen, or in some other Part of his said Majesty's Dominions; and is desirous of procuring and exporting the Machinery necessary for that Purpose from this Kingdom; And whereas it may be doubtful

whether any Person in this Kingdom can execute the same without being fubied to certain Penalties and

Forfeitures; f be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Writing or Warrant under his Hand and Seal, under such Restrictions and Conditions, and in such Manner as his Majesty shall think proper, to license and authorize all and every Person and Persons, whom the said King of Denmark, or any Person authorized by him for that Purpose, shall think fit to employ for such Purposes, to have in his or their Cudody, Power, or Possession, with Intent to export, and to collect, obtain, make, apply for, or cause or procure to be made, with Intent to export, and to export, and to do, or cause to be done, all or any Acts whatsoever, in or for or towards the exporting, or which shall be necessary to enable him or theim to make, obtain, have, or procure for exporting, and to enable him or them to export, any Machinery, Tools* Utensils, Implements, or other Things, of what Nature soever, or any Parts thereof, or any Models or Plans, or Parts thereof, for the effectually enabling such Persons as aforesaid to ered and establish, or cause to be creded and established, Such Mint as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall be done in pursuance of and according to such Licence and Authority, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be lawful; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and they are hereby required to take Entries, and sign Cocquets, Warrants, and Sufferances, and to do or cause to be done all Acts necessary for the entering Outwards, shipping, or exporting such Machinery, Tools, Utensils, Implements, Models, Plans, and Things as aforesaid, or any Parts thereof respectively; and that the fame, or the Packages thereof, or the Goods packed therewith, shall not be liable to Seizure by such Officers or others; and also that it shall be lawful for all Captains and Maflen of Ships, Vessels, Lighters, or Boats, to take the same on board thereof, for the Purpose of exporting the same, and in their said Ships, Vessels, Lighters, and Boats to export the fame, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Goods or Merchandize may now by Law be exported.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Persons whom he shall name for that Purpose, to encourage, persuade, contract, and agree with such Artificers and Workmen, and others, as he or such Person or Persons shall think it necessary to employ for the Purpose of erecting and establiflung such Mint as aforesaid, or for any Purpose relative thereto, to go out of this Kingdom for any such Purpose; and all Acts done by such Person and Persons, and such Workmen, Artificers, and others, in Conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, lawful Acts; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. 1 And, for the better enabling any such Person or Persons to undertake and execute such Work as ' aforesaid/ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's said Principal Secretaries of State, by such Writing or Warrant as aforesaid, to license and authorize any Person or Persons to do, or cause to be done, any other Matter, Ad, or Thing, not herein spedfied, which it shall appear necessary or expedient to such Secretary to license or authorize, for the enabling such Person or Persons or the Persons em-pldyed by him or them to execute such Work as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things, done in conformity to such Licence and Authority, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be lawful, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: And in -case any Question shall arise whether any Ad, Matter, or Thing, done or procured to be done by any such Person relative to such Work as aforesaid, hath been done or procured to he done in conformity to any such Licence or Authority as aforesaid, or according to the Intent

Ill

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III.

C. 70, 71.

and Meaning thereof, it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, upon Application made by any such Person, or on his Behalf, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to declare whether the same hath been done in conformity thereto, or according to such Intent and Meaning, and the Declaration of his Majesty's said Secretary so made, that the same hath been so done, shall be final and con-elufive Evidence that the same hath been so done, and shall be received in all Cases as such final and conclusive Evidence.

Publick Act, § s "

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens.

[10th July 1804.]

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have, for the Convenience of the Publick, lately caused to be coined or damped, and circulated, a large Quantity of Silver Dollars, containing orr the Obverse Side thereof an Impression of his Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Letters, videlicet, " Georgius III. Dei Gratia Rex, " and on the Reverie Side thereof the Impression of BrU 4 tannia, and the following Words and Figures, videlicet, " Five Shillings Dollar Bank of England 1804 4 And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland arc preparing and intend to issue, for the Convenience of the Publick, in that Part of the United Kingdom calkd Ireland\ a Quantity of Silver Coin denominated Tokens, containing on the Obverse Side thereof the same Impression, Words, and Letters as the said Dollars, and on the Reverie Side thereof the Impression of Hibernia, and the following Words and Figures, " Bank of Ireland Token 1804 Six Shillings: 1' And whereaafor the Security of the Publick it is expedient

to prevent the counterfeiting of the said respective Coins ? be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make, com, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be made, coined, or counterfeited, or willingly ad or assist in the making, coining, or counterfeiting, any Coin resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said Dollars, so as aforesaid issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the said Tokens so as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped and issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pass as such, every Person 10 offending and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding seven Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, bring into the said United Kingdom any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the Dollars so as aforesaid coined or stamped and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the said Tokens so as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped and issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pass as such Dollars or Tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, to the Intent to utter the same within the said United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the fame, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by due course of Law, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding seven Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, utter or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pay or put off to any Person or Persons any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the Dollars so as aforesaid coined or damped and' circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the said Tokens so as aforesaid intended to be coined or damped and issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pass as such Dollars or Tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall suffer six Months Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for six Months more, to be computed from the End of the said first six Months; and if the same Person shall afterwards be convicted a second Time for the like Offence of uttering or tendering in Payment, or giving in Exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tok ens as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeit, such Person shall for such second Offence suffer two Years Imprisonment, and find Sureties for his or her good Behaviour for two Years more, to be computed from the End of the said first two Years; and if the same Person shall afterwards offend a third Time in uttering or tendering in Payment, or giving in Exchange, or paying or putting off any such false or counterfeited Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, and shall by due Course of Law be convicted of such third Offence, he or she shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of fourteen Years.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of uttering or tendering in Payment any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, District, or Place, the Clerk of the Assize or Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, District, or Place where such form*- Conviction shall have been had, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other on his Majesty's Behalf, certify the same by a Transcript in few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction, for which Certificate two Shillings and Sixpence,

and

141

Persons counterfeiting Dollars or Tokens, issued by Banks of England or Ireland, guilty of Felony, and may be transported for seven Years.

As a)(b Persons bringing into the Kingdom Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens*

Punishment of Persons uttering or vending Counterfeit Dollars or Token. % first Offence, six Months Imprisonment, See. second Offence, two Years; third Offence, transportable Felony*

Certificate of first Conviction*

Penalty on Persons having above 5 Counterfeits in their Pofle(T>on, Forfeitme thereof, and from 5 I. to 40 s. lor each, fice.

Premises of fuf-peded Person* maybe searched, and Counterfeits, Implements, &c, seized.

Proceedings shall not to be quashed for Want of Form, iec.

Notice of .Alt ion.

[General Issue.]

'Tender of Amends. Limitation 3 Months. Venue.

Treble. Cods.

C. 71. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

and no more, shall be paid $ and such Certificate being produced in Court shall be sufficient Proof of such former Conviction.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (Kail have in his, her, or their Custody, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall He upon the Party accused) any greater Number than five of such false or counterfeit Dollars or Tokens as aforesaid, or refembhng or made with Intent to resemble or look Hke the said Dollars so as aforesaid coined or stamped and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ or the said Tokens so intended to be coined or stamped and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pass as such, every such Person, being thereof convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness cr Witnesses, before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and counterfeit Dollars and Tokens, which shall be cut in Pieces and destroyed by Order of such Justice; and every Offender so convicted as aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, for every such false or counterfeit Dollar or Token respectively which shall be found in the Custody of such Person, one Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice to commit the Person who shall be adjudged to pay the same to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of three Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and /or any one Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made before him upon the Oath of one credible Witness, that there is just Cause to suspect that any one or more Person or Persons is or are or hath or have been concerned in making or counterfeiting any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, as aforesaid, refembhng or made with an Intent to resemble or look like the Dollars so as aforesaid coined or damped and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Tokens so as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped and circulated by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pass as such, by Warrant under the Hand of such justice, to cause the Dwelling House, Room, Workshop, Out-house, or other Building, Yard, Garden, or other Place belonging to such suspected Person or Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, or to secrete any such Dollars or Tokens respectively, or the Tools or Implements for coining or making such false or counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, or the Materials for making or coining the fame, to be searched for the same 3 and if any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, or any such Tools or Instruments, or any such Materials for making or coining any such false or counterfeit Dollars or Tokens shall be found in any Place so searched, or if any such Tools, Implements, or Materials shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever discovering the fame, to seize, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, Tools, Implements, and Materials, and carry the same forthwith to a Justice of the Peace of the County, City, District, or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be secured, and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof; and after such Time as any such false or counterfeit Dollar or Dollars, Token or Tokens, or any such Tools, Implements, or Materials, shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such Parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so seized and not made use of in Evidence, shall forthwith, by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial, be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of as such Court or such Justice shall direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had, touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act, before any Justice of the Peace, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record set IVcfhninsler.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance Or under Colour of this Act, until fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Person or Persons against whom the same is intended to be brought or commenced; nor shall any such Action or Suit be brought or commenced after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender of Amends shall be made or tendered to the Party or Parties aggrieved; and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County, City, or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in inch Action or Suit so to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter m Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same Was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced before fourteen Days Notice shall be given thereof as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Amends was made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or De-.fendants hath or have for Colls of Suit ifi other Cases by Law.

A.D. 180+

44° GEORGII III. C. 72 — 74;

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool.

fioth July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the«W Captors of Prizes, with rcffred to the bringing and landing certain Prixe Goods in Great Britain during Hofldities> it is amongst other Things enacted, that all Goods of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of

China or the East Indies, taken and condemned as Prize, shall be publickly exposed to Sale in the City of

London: And whereas five East India Ships belonging to the Enemy, laden principally with Coffee, Sugar, «Cocoa, and Cotton, have been brought into the Port of Liverpool and been condemned as lawful Prize, and

it will be greatly disadvantageous to the Parties, if the Sale thereof cannot be made in the Port of Liverpool:

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c. 9 " Sugar, Coffee, Cocoa, and Cotton the

M Produce of the East Indies, brought into Liverpool in certain Ships, named, and condemned as lawful Prize, u may be exposed to Sale in Liverpool\ on behalf of the Captors, on Notice to Officers of Customs and Excise; «and subject to the same Conditions as if the Goods had been removed to London

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[10th July 1804.]

Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills agreeably to those issued under the Malt Act c. 16. of this Session, payable out of the Supplies for 1804, °P fourteen Days Notice in the Gazette % Sec. f 1, 2. — Interest not exceeding xd. 2q. per Cent. per Diem, &c. f 3. — The Clauses in the first recited Act extended to this Act, 44 §5. — Bank of England may lend 3, oooo, oopl. on the Credit of this Act, §6. [In the same Form as 44 41 G. 3. (U.K.)c. 4O"

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces.

[14th July 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permament additional Force, raised and to be raised in Ireland, should be established and maintained under regular Officers, for the Defence of the Realm, and for augmenting and supplying his Majesty's Regular Forces; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a permanent additional Force of ten thousand Men shall be established and maintained in Ireland and shall be raised and completed in the Manner by this Act directed; and that, from and after the Completion of such permanent additional Force in Manner herein after directed, thb Quotas directed to be raised in the several Counties of Ireland\ under and by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to esusble his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in Ireland, an additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the IVar, shall be and remain the Quotas for each of the several Counties in Ireland, whereby to regulate the Quotas or Numbers to be from Time to Time raised by such Counties respectively towards the maintaining and supplying such per^ manent additional Force of ten thousand Men, in the manner directed by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Men raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the additional Force under this Act, and shall be maintained, supplied, and regulated, from and after the passing of this Act, according to the Provisions thereof.

Men appearing by Returns under this Act, to be deficient under 43 G. 3. c. 85. shall be raised before September 1, 1804: and also actual Deficiency ascertained and certified under this Act, §3. — Returns shall be made in Form, Schedule (A.) by the Inspector General of Army of Reserve of Men raised under 43 G. 3. c. 85. 44 to Clerks of General Meetings, and on Notice by them to Governors of Counties, or three Deput y Governors; 44 a Special Meeting shall be fomjnoned, of which Inspector shall have Notice, See. §4. — Inspector General may appoint Persons to attend Meetings and assist in examining Returns, &c. .§ 5. — Subdivision Clerks shall transmitto Clerks of General Meetings Accounts in Form Schedule (B.) of the Number of Men ballotted, 44 See. under 42 G. 3. c. 85. Penalty for Neglect, 201. $ 6. — Clerks of General Meetings shall for Use of Inspector General and of the Meetings, Sec. make out Returns in Form Schedule (C.) of Men raised under 44 42 G. 3. c. Penalty for Neglect, 20l. §7. — Persons apppfnted by Inspector General mayinfpeft Returns, 44 8cc. in posscinon'of Clerk of General Meetings, §8. $ 2 — 7. of cap. 56. of this Session.f9

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors of such respective Counties shall assemble at such Special Meetings as aforesaid, and adjourn such Meetings if ucccflary, so as that every such adjourned'Meeting shall beheld within seven Days after the Meeting immediately preceding; and shall carefully examine and compare the Recounts of the Inspector General or his Deputy so transmitted as aforesaid, and the Returns which shall be( produced and laid before them by the Clerks of the General Meetings, and all other Papers, Docqjnenta, and Vouchers, that may b? produced at such Meetings

\ by

-143

43 G. 3. c. 134. S 4*

A permanent additional Ford shall be raised, Quotas under Ad 43 G, 3. c. 85. shall regulate the Quota*under this Act.

Men raised under former' Aa, shall be Part of the Force undet this AiU

At special'Meetings Accounts of Inspeaor General, ice. shall be examined, and a Statement and Certificate

144 C. 74* 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

made in Form _ Schedule (D.) of all Men so raised, and Copies Cent to ItfpecW and Clerk of General Meetings.

Such Statements may be reexamined.

end signed by Clerks General Meetings.

Commanding Officers (h <11 certify all Vacancies which shall happen by Death, See. to the Inspe^or General, who shall annually before October x, transmit the Number to the .Chief Secretary, up to September I, preceding. See §4.

Before 1st November 1804, Men be raised not exceeding 4000, to supply Vacancies caused by Enlistment previous to I September, and alf» Vacancies by Death, &c. and to annually u] to ©£l>ber i, in each Year.

Privy Council of Ii eland shall, before 10th October yearly, apportion Numbers to be r-iled to supply Vacancies.

by any Person or Persons so appointed by the Ihfpe&or General or hit Deputy as aforesaid, together with all such Returns. Vouchers, Papers, and Documents, as may be in the Hands of the Clerks of the General Meetings relating to such additional Force, and to the Deficiencies that may -exist therein; and shall, after such Examination ana Comparison as aforesaid, cause to be made out a Statement and Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), specifying the Numbers of Men that shall have been raised ar d enrolled in their respective Counties, and in the respective Baronies or Half Baronies, Subdivisions and Parishes, and the Numbers of Men so raised that shall have been difehayged, and the Numbers that have died or have deserted, and the Numbers that shall have enlisted for General Service $ and the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors, present at such Meetings, shall sign two of such Statements and Certificates, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said Inspector General or his Deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings of such respective Counties.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Governor hf any County in Ireland, who shall receive Directions for that Purpose From his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to be communicated by the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, to cause another Special Meeting of the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors to be summoned to meet within fourteen Days, to re-examine any such Statement or Certificate; and the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors at such Meeting, together with any Person or Persons so appointed by the Inspector General or his Dejputy as aforesaid, shall meet and re-examine such Statement and Certificate, and examine any further Information that may be laid before them in relation thereto* and confirm or alter the same as they shall see fit 5 and such Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors shall sign two of the Statements and Certificates Xo confirmed or altered, and cause one thereof to be forthwith transmitted to the said Inspector General or his Deputy, and the other thereof to be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid 5 and every such Clerk of the General Meetings, after such Re-examination, or if no Directions respecting such first Statement shall have been communicated to such Governor or Governors respectively, through the said Chief Secretary, within fourteen Days then after the Expiration of such fourteen Days, shall sign the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Vacancy that shall arise in any Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, of such additional Force, by reason of the enlisting of any Persons serving therein into his Majesty's Regular rorces, or by Death or Desertion, or in consequence of any Men being reclaimed as Desertem' from'his Majesty's other Forces, or from the Marines or Militia, or by such Men being claimed as Apprentices, or becoming unfit for Service, and being discharged accordingly, shall be from Time to Time certified by the Commanding Officer thereof to the Inspector General aforesaid, or his Deputy; and the said Inspector General or his Deputy shall, on or before the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such Vacancies as shall have arisen and been certified to him between the Period to which such First Account shall have been made up by him in Manner herein-before mentioned, % and the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and afterwards annually, on or before the first Day of October in each Year, transmit to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to be laid before the Privy Council of Ireland, the total Number of such Vacancies aforesaid that shall have arisen and been certified to him in the Year ending on the first Day of September preceding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, there shall be raised in the several Counties in Ireland so many Men as shall be requisite for hilly supplying the Vacancies that shall have arisen in such additional Force, on or before the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, by reason of the enlisting of any Persons serving therein into his Majesty's Regular Forces, not exceeding four thousand Men, and also so many Men as shall Be requisite to supply such Vacancies as shall have arisen on or before the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, by Death, Desertion, or other Casualty before mentioned; and that after the Expiration of the Year ending on the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall, as soon after as the same can be done* be raised for the Year beginning on the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, and ending on the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and six, for such additional Force, a Number of Men equal to the full Number that shall haveenlifted in his Majesty's Regular Forces in the preceding Year, and also a Number of Men equal to the total Amount of such Vacancies as shall have arisen in the said preceding Year, by Death, Desertion, or other Casualty before mentioned; and that iq each and every succeeding Year a Number of Men equal to the Number that shall have enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces in the then preceding Year, and also a Number of Men equal to the total Amount of such Vacancies as shall have arisen in the said preceding Year by Death, Desertion, or other Casualty before mentioned, shall in like Manner be raised for such additional Force: Provided always, that no greater Number than four thousand Men shall be required to be raised for any one Year towards the supplying such Vacancies as shall have arisen by the enlisting of Men from such additional Force into his Majesty's Regular Forces in any preceding Year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and the Privy Council of Ireland\ shall, on or before the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, cause the Number of Men which shall be requTite to be raised for the applying the Vacancies in such additional Force that shall have arisen on or before the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, by reason of such Enlistmei t, Death, Desertion, or other Casualty before mentioned, and also shall, from Time to Time, within ten Days ter the first Day of October in each succeeding Year, cause the Number of Men required to be raised in each succeeding Year for the supplyrag the Vacancies arising from such Eoliftment, Death, Desertion, or other Casualty before mentioned* which shall have arisen in the Course of the preceding Year in the several Counties in Ireland % to be appottioned among such Counties

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 74.45

according to the respective original Quotas of Men required to be raised in such respect ive Counties, under the said recited Act of the last Session; and shall, as soon after such Apportionment shall have been made as the same can be done, cause the Numbers fixed and settled by such Apportionment to be transmitted to the respective Governor or Governors of the several Counties in Ireland, and shall also cause Notice thereof to be given in the Dublin Gazette; and such Governor or Governors shall immediately summon General and Subdivision Meetings of the Governor or Governors, and Deputy Governors in their respective Counties; and the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors at such Meetings shall divide and apportion the Numbers so fixed and settled among the Baronies and Half Baronies, or Subdivisions, in their respective Counties, or if they shall.fee fit, among the respective Parishes and Places within the Subdivisions in their respective Counties, as they shall think most expedient for the Purposes of this Act, or in such Manner as they arc empowered to do under any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland, in order that such Men may, as speedily as possible, be raised for the additional Force tinder the Provisions of this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and the Privy Council of Ireland, from Time to Time to ascertain, fix, and declare the Number of Men which the County of Limerick, and the County of the City of Limerick shall respectively furnish towards the Number of Men required to be raised under this Act, in proportion to the Number of four Hundred and ninety, required by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to be raised by the said County of Limerick and the County of the City of Limerick; and that such Number shall be so ascertained, fixed, and declared by an Order of Council, to be made and transmitted to the Governor or Governors of the said County of Limerick for the Time being, and to the Mayor of the said City of Limerick respectively, within ten Days after the passing of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the assessing or levying of any Fines or Penalties on any Counties or Parishes, in respect of any Men that shall not have been provided according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed as to all Deficiencies existing at the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this Act, and also as to all Vacancies that may hereafter arise in such additional Force.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Churchwarden of any Parish, or any other Person or Persons, to make, raise, or levy any Rate or Rates, or any Subscription or Subscriptions, or Sum or Sums of Money, or to give, advance, or promise any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of inducing any Person to enlist as a Volunteer in any such additional Force as aforesaid, except in Manner by this Act provided; and every Churchwarden and other Person who shall in any Manner pay, or give or advance to any Person any Sum or Suni3 of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, or promise any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Bounty, Gift, or Reward, other than such Bounty as shall be allowed and paid by or under his Majesty's Regulations in that Behalf, or as may be advanced in Manner by this Act provided, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to appoint a convenient Place or Places of Rendezvous in every County in Ireland, for the Men to be raised for such additional Force, and to appoint at every such Place of Rendezvous an Officer especially authorized by his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or the Commander of his Majesty's Forces in Ireland for the Time being, to approve or discharge the Men produced and provided under this Act, according and subject to such Regulations as his Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall from Time to Time establish for that Purpose, and such Officers may approve of or discharge any such Men accordingly; and every Officer discharging any such Man shall forthwith certify the fame, together with the Cause of such Discharge, to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings of the Sub-division for which such Man shall have been pVoduced, and also to the Inspector General aforesaid, or his Deputy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Bounty equal to three fourth Parts of the Bounty that shall be from Time to Time allowed by his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for recruiting the Infantry for general Service, shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Man who shall be provided or raised to serve in such additional Force under this Act: Provided always, that such Bounty, when paid under this Act, shall be in lieu of all Allowances and Payments of Money to which any such Man might be or claim to be entitled under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Man serving in such additional Force as aforesaid, shall become unfit for Service in the Judgement of the Commanding Officer of the Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to discharge such Man, under such Restrictions as by any Regulations of his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, are or may be provided in that Behalf, as to his Majesty Regular Forces, or to the additional Force under this Act; arid every such Discharge shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Number of Men required to supply the Deficiencies in the full Number of ten thousand Men directed to be raised by the said recited Act of the last Session, and to be completed by this Act, or the Number of Men required to be raised in any Barony, Half Barony, Subdivision, Parish, or Place under this Act, shall not be found or provided within the respective Periods herein-before respectively mentioned and directed, or shall not be approved in such Manner, and according to such Regulations, as his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall direct m that Behalf, such Barony, Half Barony, Subdivision, Parish or Place, shall

44 GEO. III. U become

Governors, tec. of Counties shall appoition Numbers among the Baronies.

Proportions upon Limerick County and City may be (titled by Order of Council.

Penalties under 43 G. 3. c. 85.

S3i» rcf|»ains

Men deficient, repealed.

No Rates shall be raised for giving Money to Volunteers.

Penalty for giving more than allowed Bounty aol.

(See f iS.)

His Majesty

may appoint Places of Rendezvous, and Regulating Officers, who shall certify Discharge and Cause thereof to Subdivision Clerk and Inspector.

Amount and

Regulation of Bounty,

in lieu of Allowances undef 43 G. 3. c. 8j.

Commanding Officer may discharge Men.

Penalty of aol. per Man for Deficiencies on Baronies, which the Commanding Officer may fupj»ly by recruiting.

Order of Subdivisions atad Baronies in recruiting shall be ascertained at General Meetings, and Lift in Form Schedule (£.) Sent to Inspector General. &c. according to which Recruits shall be appropriated. Inspector, Sec. shall give Notice to High Constables* &c.

I9igh Constables oir Persons specially appointed, empowered to provide Men.

Such Pei font may advance part of Bounty

«o M*d, fcc*

C. 74* 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

become subject to the Payment of the Sum of twenty Pounds, by way of Fine, for every Man deficient, to be levied in Manner by this Act directed; and the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings for the Subdivisions in which such Deficiency shall arise respectively, shall, and they are hereby respectively required forthwith to certify the said Deficiency to the several Clerks of the General Meetings for the County in which such Subdh vision shall be respectively situate, specifying in such Certificate the Number deficient in each Barony or Half Barony, and Parish or Place within such Subdivision, and such Clerks of the General Meetings shall, and they are hereby required forthwith in like Manner to certify all such Deficiencies to the said Inspector General or his Deputy 5 and it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Men shall have been appointed, upon the Receipt of any Notice from the said Inspector General, or his Deputy, of any such Deficiency not having been made good* or of any such Vacancy not having been filled up, to enlist. from any Place where he shall find it moil convenient, any Recruit or Recruits to make good any such Deficiency, or to fill up such Vacancy, and to pay to each such Recruit so enlisted any such Sum by way of Bounty, not exceeding the Proportion herein-before directed, as shall be allowed by the Regulations of his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being in that Behalf.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors, assembled at any General Meeting under any Act relating to the Militia of Ireland, or to such additional Force, and they are hereby required, at feme General Meeting in each Year, to ascertain and fix by Ballot the Order in which the respective Subdivisions and Baronies and Half Baronies, or Parishes or Places respectively in their respective Counties shall Hand, as to the recruiting of any Men by any Commanding Officer under the Provision8 of this Act, for the Purpose of supplying any Deficiencies or Vacancies that may exist or arise in such additional Force, and shall, immediately after the same shall have been so ascertained and fixed, cause a Lid of such Subdivisions and Baronies and Half Baronies, or Parishes or Places respectively entered in such Order, and in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (E.) to be transmitted to the Inspector General aforesaid or his Deputy, and to the Agent General for the Army of Reserve; and all Recruits which shall be raised by any such Commanding Officer shall be appropriated and set down to the several Subdivisions and Baronies and Half Baronies, or Parishes or Places respectively, in the Order in which such Subdivisions and Baronies and Half Baronies, or Parishes or Places, shall have been entered in such Lid as aforesaid; and the Inspector General aforesaid, or his Deputy, or General Agent aforesaid, shall, as soon as the same can be done, give Notice thereof to the High Constable or Chief Constable of the Barony or Half Barony, or to the Churchwarden of the Parish or Place, to the Account of which such Recruit shall have been set down, and shall specify the Name, Residence, Occupation, and Description of such Recruit.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, whether High or Petty or Sub-Constable, Churchwarden, or others specially appointed for the Purpose, and in such Manner as shall be directed by the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors of the County, at the first Special Meeting to be held under this Acts as herdn-before directed, at any Time, before the said first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such Men as are by this Act required to be raised in respect of any Deficiencies under the said recited Act of the iaft Session of Parliament; and at any Time, before the said first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, as to all such Men as are by this Act required to be raised in respect of Vacancies in fjuch additional Force by Enlistment, Death, Desertion, or other Casualty, arising before the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four 5 and also within one Month after any Apportionment shall have from Time to Time been made for the Baronies, Half Baronies, and Subdivisions, in the respective Counties, or for the Parishes or Places therein, as the Case may be, in respect of such four thousand Men as aforesaid, or of such Number of Men as shall be required to supply the Place of any Men that shall have been enlisted into his Majesty's Regular Forces, or any Vacancies that shall have arisen in such additional Force; and also at any Time after any such respective Periods as aforesaid, before any Recruit shall have been provided by any Commanding Officer under the Provisions of this Act, to supply any such Deficiency or Vacancy; and such Person so specially appointed is hereby authorized to provide any Man, and to produce such Man to the Officer empowered to approve Recruits in Manner aforesaid to serve in such additional Force; and every such Person producing any Man for such additional Force shall be entitled to receive such Proportion of the whole Bounty to be allowed in respect of each Man, as his Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, by any Regulations made in that Behalf, direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Person so appointed as aforesaid, for providing Recruits, to pay in advance to any Recruits so provided by him, any Part of the Bounty payable to Recruits under or by virtue of this Act, not exceeding one-fourth Part of the Bounty which such Recruit would be entitled to receive in Money at the Place of Rendezvous, and that such Person shall, together with such Recruit, deliver to the Officer appointed to approve such Recruit, a Receipt for the Money so advanced, signed by such Recruit; and such Officer, if he shall approve of such Recruit, shall immediately, in the Presence of such Recruit, pay to such Person so appointed and providing such Recruit, the whole of the Bounty allowed for such Recruit, out of which such Person is hereby authorized and empowered, and required and directed, todedu& and retain the Amount of Money specified in such Receipt, and after such Deduction be shall immediately, in the Presence of such Officer, pay the Remainder of such Bounty to such Recruit; and if any such rerfbn shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall for every Offence forfeit fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the Laws in force relating to the Militia of Ireland: Provided always, that in case such Recruit shall not be approved of by such Officer, or shall desert before or without

Jiaving arrived at the Place of Rendezvous, or without being so approved, no Part of the Bounty so advanced 1

shall be repaid by such Officer to the Person having provided such Recruit as aforesaid.

44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

C. 74. 147

XXIV. And, in order to provide for such Advance, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Governor or Governors of any County, or in their Absence, for such Person or Persons as shall be thereunto specially authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by his or their Order in Writing, to direct the Collector of his Majesty's Excise of the nearest District, to advance to the Person appointed as aforesaid for providing Reciuits, such Sum or Sums of Money as such Governor or Governors or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, shall in his or their Discretion think necessary, and as shall be specified in such Order; and such Collector of Excise shall accordingly advance and pay the same out of any publick Monies in his Hands, or received or receivable by him; and such Person so appointed as aforesaid for providing Recruits, shall apply such Money in making the Advances herein-before authorized to such Recruits, as may be provided by him on account of their Bounty, and shall account for the Disposition of all such Sums, and of all Sums which shall or may be repaid to him as aforesaid, to the said Governor or Governors, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, whenever he Hull be thereto required, and shall within ten Days after he shall be thereto required by such Governor or Governors, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, pay over such Residue or Balance of any such Money in his Hands as shall not be applied to the Purposes aforesaid, to the said Collector of his Majesty's Excise: Provided always, that such Governor or Governors, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, shall, before giving any such Order as aforesaid, require and take sufficient Security from such Person appointed as aforesaid, either from himself or with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, for providing such Recruits, by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for which no Stamp Duty shall be payable, in a competent Sum, which Bond such Governor or Governors, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and empowered to take; and such Governor or Governors, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, at the Time of making such Order on such Collector for the Advance of such Sums, shall specify to such Collectors the Particulars of such Security, and the Number of Recruits to be raised by such Persons as aforesaid; and all Sums so advanced by such Collectors of his Majesty's Excise under any such Orders as aforesaid, shall be good and valid, and shall be allowed them in their Accounts; and all Money so repaid to and received by them shall be carried to Account, as other publick Money in their Hands.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Person, so appointed as aforesaid for providing Recruits, out of any Money so put into his Hands, to advance for the Subsistence of any Man raised and provided under this Act from the Time when such Man shall be duly attested, until his Arrival at the Place of Rendezvous, any Sum not exceeding the Rate of one Shilling British per Day; and all Sums of Money so advanced in resped of any Man that shall be approved by the Officer appointed for that Purpose, shall be repaid to the Person providing such Recruit, or to his Order, by the said approving Officer, and shall be accounted for by such Person in such Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the other Sums to be advanced to him as aforesaid under this Act: and in case any Recruit so provided shall not be approved by such Officer, the Amount of such Subsistence shall be defrayed out of his Majesty's Revenues, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall direct and appoint in that Behalf.

How Men shall be sworn and attested, §26. [As §28. of cap. 56. of this Session.y1

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, from Time to Time, to cause the Private Men heretofore raised, or that shall hereafter be raised to serve in such additional Force, to be formed into additional or reserved Battalions, to be attached to any Regiment or Battalion of his Majesty's Regular Forces, or into separate Battalions not attached to any other Regiment or Battalion.

11 Men not compellable to serve out of United Kingdom, Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, §28. — His Majesty may appoint Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, who, as well as the Men, shall be subject to Mutiny Laws, §29. — Such additional Force shall remain embodied, till six Months after Peace, See. §30. 41 [As §30, 31, 32. of cap. 56. of this Session.f*

For furnishing Persons appointed to raise Men with Money for the Purpose of advancing part of the Bounty, & c.

Subsistence may be advanced to Recruits, to carry them to the Rendezvous.

Men shall be formed into Battalions, and may be attached or not to Regular Forces.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That, at the Expiration of such respective Periods within which any Men may be found and provided by any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, or as foou Penalties for after as the same can be done, the said Inspector General, or his Deputy, shall from Time to Time, transmit Deficiencies to the several and respective Treasurers for the several Counties and Counties of Cities in Ireland ten Days at $*<>)*

lea ft previous to every General Assizes, or, if to the Treasurer of the County and City of Dublin, within and Money ad-

fourteen Days previous to each Presenting Term, Certificates of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to cruiis not zT-be filled up in their respective Counties and Counties of Cities, specifying the Number deficient in each Barony' cepted or Half Barony, and in any Parish or Place within the same; and the Governor or Governors of each County may be

shall, in like Manner, transmit to the said Treasurers, Certificates of the Amount of such Sums as shall have' teviwi a« by Pre-been advanced under the Order of such Governor or Governors in Manner aforesaid, to any Recruit or Re- Grand Jutica. cruits, who, after having been provided, shall not have been accepted or approved by the Officer appointed J

for that Purpose, specifying the Barony or Half Barony, and the Parish or Place respectively for which such Man was provided; and the said Treasurers shall, and they are hereby respectively required to lay the said Certificates before the Judges of Assize on the Commission Day of Assize, or, in the County and City of

Dublin, before the Court of King's Bench, on the first Day of such Term; and it shall be lawful for the said

fudges of Assize, or the Court, and they are hereby required, upon due Inquiry first made in open Court, to order and direct such Treasurers respectively, to levy on any Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, Parish, or other Place, the Quotas of which shall appear to be deficient, or on account of which such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been so advanced, the Amount of the Penalties under this Act, and of the Sum or Sums'

Treafuien shall pay Money levied to the Collectors.

Penalties shall be applied in taifing Men, or (if Men raised before any Inlist* ment under % 20.) applied to the Use uf the Barony, Ice.

Fines, and Sums in Hands of Persons having received the fame, shall be recovered as Debts to his Maicity, and paid to Collector^ 4cc.

Residue of Bounties of Deserters, Ice. Bull be paid to Vie of Paxilhes.

Recovery of Fines, lec. by Procefe in l&chequer.

C. 7.4. 44° GEORGII IIt. 'A.D. 1804.

of Money so advanced, as if the same had been presented by a Grand Jury, so that the same shall be raised and

levied forthwith*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Treasurem of the respective Counties and Counties of Cities as aforesaid shall collect and receive the Sums so ordered to be levied, and pay the same to the Collector of his Majesty's Revenue for such County or County of a City; or, in case any County shall be divided into two or more Districts, with two or more Collectors, then to the Collector of that Part of such County in which the County Town is situate; and every such Colleger shall, and he is hereby required to give a Receipt for all Sums of Money that shall be (b paid to him as aforesaid; and such Receipts shall be lodged by the Treasurer among the Records of the County.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Penalties, when so levied and paid, shall be applied towards the raising the Men for such additional Force: Provided always, that if at any Time after such Penalty shall have been levied and paid as aforesaid, and before such Notice shall have been given of any Recruit having been raised as aforesaid, a Man shall be found and provided by the Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, for any Barony or Half Barony, Parish or Place, to supply any Deficiency in respect of which such Penalty was levied and paid, then and in such Case, three-fourth Parts of the Amount of such Penalty shall, under the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, be applied towards the Payment and Discharge of any Fine or Fines due from such Barony or Half Barony, Parish or Place; and if no Fines shall be due, then shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County, to be placed by him to the Credit of such Barony or Half Barony, Parish or Place, as an Advance in Account of any future publick Cess to be thereafter levied thereon.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, and also all Arrears of Fines, paid or to be paid under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and remaining in the Hands of any Person or Persons whatsoever, and also all Monies remaining in the Hands of any Persons whatsoever, arising from any Residue of any Sums of Money paid by or on account of any Person ballotted to serve in such additional Force as aforesaid, for the engaging of any Substitute or Volunteer to be enrolled in his Stead, and not subsequently paid over to the Persons entitled to receive the same, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the fail Session, and all Money received by any High Constable, Chief Constable, Sub-con liable, or other Person for the Purpose of advancing Bounties to Recruits under this Act, and not paid and applied in such Manner as by this Act is directed, shall be Debts to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and may be recovered as such* or in Manner directed by this Act, or may be levied under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and shall be transmitted, sent, and paid to the Collector of the District within which such Sums shall be paid, and shall be paid over by such Collector to the Order of the Chief fiecretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons as maybe justly entitled to the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all such Residues of any such Sums of Money as aforesaid, remaining in the Hands of any Person or Persons whatever, arising out of any Monies paid by or on account of any Person ballotted to serve in the additional Force raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the engaging of any Substitute or Volunteer to be enrolled in his Stead, and not subsequently paid over to the Person entitled thereto, shall, in all Cases in which the Person so entitled thereto shall have been discharged as unfit for Service, of have deserted, go and belong to the Parish or Place for which fuqh Man shall have been enrolled to serve, and shall, by the Order of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, be paid to the Collector of the Publick Cess within such Parish or Place; and all such Sums of Money, when paid to such Collector, shall go and be applied in Aid of any publick Cef9 within such Parish or Place, towards the Payment of any Fines or Assessments under this Act; and the Surplus (if any) shall be carried to the Account of the said Cess.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which Fines for Deficiencies shall not have been or shall not be levied under the Directions of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or of this Act, and in every Case in which any Treasurer of any County shall have neglected or omitted, or shall neglect or omit to pay any Sum Or Sums of Money from Time to Time payable by him to any Collector of Excise, within twenty-one Days after the Receipt thereof, or in which any such Collector shall have neglected or shall neglect or omit to pay the Sums received by him to the Receiver General of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, within twenty-one Days after the Receipt thereof, and also in every Case in which any Churchwardens of any Parish or Place, or any Collector of any publick Cess, or any other Person or Persons shall have refilled or neglected, or shall refuse or neglect to rai(e any Money required to be raised by the said recited Act of the last Session, or this Act, or to pay and apply the same in Manner directed by the said recited Act, or this Act, and also in every Case in which any Person or Persons whatsoever, having in their Hands any Fine or Fine3, or Residues of Fines, or Sums of Money, under the said recited Act, at the Time of passing of this Act, shall not within twenty-one Days after the passing of this Act, pay and apply the same according to Law, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and the same Court is hereby authorized, on the Application of his Majesty's Attorney General, by Motion to the said Court in a summary Way, to bear and determine on the Matter of such Application; and if on Notice of such Application to the Clerk of the Peace, and the Treasurer of the County (in Cafe9 where Fine* have not been duly levied), and in such and all other Cases, on Notice of Application to such Person or Persons respectively, in relation to whom such Application shall have been made, as the Case may require, or as the said Court shall direct, no sufficient Cause shall be shewn for such Neglect, Default, or Omission as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to fine any such County, or the Treasurer thereof, or any Person or Persons against whom such Application shall be made, in any Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum that ought to have, been levied or applied, paid or accounted for, as the Case may require, and to cause the same to he levied by

7 Distringas,

149

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 74.

Differing*, or other Process, applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of the said Court of Exchequer.

If Meetings are not held within the periods prescribed, Special Meetings may be holden, fcc. §37.

§ 38- of cap. 56."]

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That all Provisions, Directiona, Clauses, Matters, and Things what- Provision* rr-ever, in this Act contained, relating to Counties, shall extend and be confferued to extend to all Counties of

Cities and Counties of Towns, and to all Places having a separate Governor or Governors, for the Purposes of ^Coumka of this Act, or the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, as fully and amply as if* they were severally cities,c. and nespectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, P°^erl Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts relative to the Militia of Ireland, and

in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for raising and assembling an additional Military Force^q^c. 85. in Ireland, shall, in so far as the same are not altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different Provisions made extended to thie in relation to such additional Force under this Act, lxj applied ana t radifed for the Purposes of this Act, and as to the additional Force required by this Act, in at full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisoes,

Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Tilings, were again repeated and enacted ia this Act.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions or Clauses in the said Acts, jjlceP*a*

Or any or either of them contained, shall extend or be counted to extend to the authorizing, allowing, or*

giving any Allowances or Sums of Money or Provision, for the Wives or Families of any Men raised for the paffingthiiAA additional Force under this Act, after the passing thereof; and that no Sum shall be given, paid, or allowed to NoRemunera-any Person or Persons as a Remuneration for their Pains and Labour in executing the Provisions of this Act, t ion to be paid unless the Governor or Governors of the respective Counties shall put his or their Signature to the Order for Odum* that Purpose; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding. Gorernor.*

Act may be altered or repealed in this Session, §41."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULES (A.), (B.), (C.), (D.)

[Nearly m those under cap. 56. of thit Session."]

SCHEDULE (E.)

LIST of Subdivisions and Barones, and Half Baronies, [or, Parishes, at the Case may Be*} in the Order in which Men are So be recruited fur the Year 1805, [or at the Case may be.]

I. Subdivision of D.

1. Barony of G. 2. Barony of M. 3. Half Barony of P.

a. Subdivision of E.

1. Parish of / 2. Parish of B+ % 3. Parish of C.

Ascertained by Ballot, at a General Mctting of the above County, held at on the

Day «[1180.

(Signed) A* B. Clerk of General Meetings.

A.D. 1804.

C. 75.

440 GEORGII III.

Foreign Soldiers ajready enlisted and formed into Regiments deemed legally enlisted; Commissions granted to Foreign Officers valid; and all Persons concerned indemnified.

Such Regiments may be augmented not exceeding 10, 000 Men within the Kingdom.

Subjects of Foreign States may enlist, and accept Cora-miftions.

Officers when reduced not entitled to Half-Pay; but his Majesty may make Prov ifion for them.

Papists relieved from Penalties.

Foreigners serving under this Act subject to she Articles of War, and shall be billetted, &c.

Under Regulations of Mutiny A«.

Attestation of Soldiers.

Their Oath.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service, and for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised his Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any fitch Commissions as aforesaid.

[14th July 1804.]

WHEREAS it hath been deemed expedient by his Majesty, in order to provide in the speediest Manner

W for the better Defence and greater Security of the United Kingdom, in the present important

JunftoTC of Affairs, to permit certain Foreigners, now in Great Britain, to enlist as Soldiers into his Majesty's Service, and, for the better disciplining of such Soldiers, to form them into Regiments, Battalions, or Corps,

and to grant Commissions or Letters of Service therein, to certain Foreign Officers acquainted with their

Manners and Language; and it may be expedient, during the Continuance of the present War, to augment such

Regiments, Battalions, or Coips, and to form other Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, and to enlist as Soldiers

to serve therein respectively Inch other Foreigners as shall be willing to enlist themselves in his Majesty's

Service; and also to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions or Letters of Service to Foreign Officers

therein; and it is proper, that all Persons who shall or may have advised his Majesty to enlist such Soldiers,

and to grant such Commissions or Letters of Service as aforesaid, should be indemnified; and it is necessary

that Quarters should be provided for such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, during their Continuance ia any

Part of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Foreign Soldiers as have been already enlisted into his Majesty's Service, and formed into Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been and to be legally and effectually enlisted and formed; and all such Commissions or Letters of Service as have been already granted by his Majesty to any Foreign Officers in such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, shall be deemed and taken to have been and to be legally and effectually granted, and shall remain and continue in Force in like Manner in all respects as if such Soldiers had been enlisted and formed, and such Commissions or Letters of Service had been granted, after the passing and under the Provisions of this Act; and all and every Persons or Person who shall or may have advised his Majesty to enlist such Soldiers, and to grant such Commissions or Letters of Service as aforesaid, shall be, and they and he are or is hereby fully and effectually indemnified; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstandiner.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, tQ augment such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, so already formed as aforesaid, and to form any other Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, and to that End to enlist as Soldiers to serve in any such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, any Foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves as Soldiers to serve therein: Provided always, that there shall not be, within any Part of the United Kingdom, more in the Whole than ten thousand Men serving in such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, at any one Time.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Persons, Subjects of any Foreign States, ai shall be willing to serve his Majesty, to enlist as Soldiers, and to accept Commissions or Letters of Service, to serve as Officers or Engineers, from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or from any Persons duly authorized by his Majesty to grant such Commissions or Letters of Service (which Commissions and Letters of Service it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for any Persons duly authorized i^ that Behalf as aforesaid, to grant): Provided always, that uo such Officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive Half-Pay: Provided nevertheless, that when any such Officer shall be rendered incapable of Military Service by Wounds or Infirmities, contrafted while he shall be discharging his Military Duty during the Period of his continuing to serve as such Officer under the Provisions of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for his Majesty to make such Provision for such Officer as he shall think properand necessary, so that such Provision shall in no Case exceed the Half-Pay of the Rank in the British Service, similar to that which such Officer shall have held at the Time of his becoming so incapable as aforesaid: Provided also, that no such Person as aforesaid shall be liable to any Pain, Penalty, or Forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any such Commission, or enlisted as a Soldier in any such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps as aforesaid, by reason of hie having professed the Popj/b Religion, and not having declared the same at the Time of his accepting such Commission or enlisting.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Soldiers respectively serving under the Provisions of this Act, shall, whilst in his Majesty's Service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such Articles of War as his Majesty hath established or may think (it to establish for the better Government of the said Forces, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Just ice, and for conilituting Courts Martial with Power to trff*hear, ancLdctermine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and inflict Penalties, by Sentence or Judgement 01 the fame, and may be billetted and quartered, and be received and provided for in Quarters, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any of his Majesty's Regular Forces in the United Kingdom now are or by Law may bebiHetted and quartered, and received and provided for in Quarters: Provided always, that no Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Soldier, shall, by such Articles of War, be subject to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; nor for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable in the said Act, in any Manner or under any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of the said Act: Provided also, that every Person who shall be enlisted as a Soldier under the Authority of this Act, shall be attested in such Manner as his Majesty shall direct, by such Articles of War and not otherwise} and that such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Soldiers

respectively

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 75-- — 77.

respectively shall take such Oath for their Fidelity, during their Continuance in his Majesty's Service, as his Majesty shall in like Manner direct, and no other.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act (Hall continue in Force during the present War, and until one Year after the Termination thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden* [14th July 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

YT7rRE: REAS Your Majesty, by your mod* gracious MefTage to your most faithful Commons, has been

pleased to declare that Your Majesty having taken into your royal Consideration the Circumstances

which attended the Death of that excellent and upright Magistrate Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden, the Lord Chief Justice of your Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, recommended it to your faithful Commons to consider of enabling your Majesty to grant an Annuity of twelve hundred Pounds, for the better Support of the Viscountess Kilwarden, the Widow of the said Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwardtn, and for

securing and extending the same in such Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the Family of the said Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's mod

gracious Intention* do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' See.

44 An Annuity of 1200l. made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland shall be paid quarterly, free u of all Deduction, to the Viscountess Kilwarden for her Life. After her Death, 800k a-year to John Lord €i Viscount Kilwarden (Son of Lord Arthur) for his Life, and after his Decease, to the next Successor to the Title of Lord Viscount Kilwarden; 400l. a-year to Mary Anne and Elizabeth (the two Daughters of Lord€ Arthur) for their Lives, and after the Decease of the Survivor, to be paid as the said Bool. Annuity (hatt u commence from 23d July 1803, payable quarterly, § I. — Acquittances of Viscountess Kilwarden, See. shall be sufficient Discharges, §2. — Annuity shall not be conveyed or incumbered beyond the Lives of the Parties entitled, §3. — Act shall not redrain his Majesty from making any other Grant or Pension under Irish Civil 11 Lift Aa, 33 G. 3. c. 34 — §4."

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

[14th July 1804.]

WHEREAS, since the making of an Act, pa (fed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma-

jedy King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages; and also of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches ana publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been pubR/bed before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the twenty sixth Tear of King George the Second, in* 4 tituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages/ divers Churches and Chapels have been

ereaed and built within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed which have been duly consecrated, and divers Marriages have been solemnized therein since the patting of the said lad mentioned Aa; but, by reason that in such Churches and Chapels Banns of Matrimony had not usually beeu published before or at the Time of passing the said fird mentioned Aa, such Marriages have been or may be deemed to be void: May it therefore jneafe your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages already solemnized, or to be solemnized before the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, in any Church or publick Chapel in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, erected since the making of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and consecrated, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in Parish Churches, or publick Chapels having Chapelries annexed, and wherein Banna had usually been published before or at the Time of passing the said lan mentioned Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Parsons, Vicars, Miniders, and Curates, who, before the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have solemnized any of the Marriages which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall be and they are hereby indemnified against the Penalties infiifted by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, upon Persons who shall solemnize Marriages in any other Place than a Church or publick Chapel in which Banns had* been usually published before or at the Time of passing the said last mentioned Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Renders of Marriages solemnized or to be solemnized in the said Churches or Chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, or Copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the ferae Manner §9 the Registers of such Marriages solemniaed in Panlb Churches or publick Chapas in which Banns were

I usually

151

[Continuance of Act.]

[Se* printed local and personal Act of this Session, cap. lxasviii.]

26 G. a. c. 33. 21 G.3* c. 53.

Marriages in Churches or Chapels erected since 26 G. 2. solemnized before March 25, 1805, declared valid.

Ministers having solemnized such Marriage* indemnified.

Registers of such Marriages shall be received«Evident*.

15a C. 77 — 80. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Rcglfter* of Marriages fotemnized in Chanels, shall be removed to Parish Churches adjoining.

vfaally published before or at the Time of passing the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of hi* said late Majesty King George the Second, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence: Provided nevertheless, that in all such Courts the same Objections shall be available to the receiving such Registers or Copies in Evidence, as would have been amiable to the receiving the same as Evidence, if such Registers or Copies had related to Marriages mentioned in such last mentioned Parish Churches or publick Chapels as aforesaid,

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of all Marriages solemniaed in any publick Chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall, within fourteen Days next after the said twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, be removed to the Pariin Church of the Parish in which such Chapel shall be situated, and in case such Chapel shall be situated in an extra-parochial Place, then to the Parish Church next adjoining to such extra-parochial Place, to be kept with the Marriage Registers of such Parish, and in like Manner as Parish Registers are directed to be kept by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Wet don Beck in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

[14th July 1804.]

" 5537* 6d. shall be issued out of the Supplies for 1804, for making Compensation to the Owners of

u Premises purchased by Commissioners under 43 Cr. 3. r.66."

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better facuring his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the Use of his Majesty's Ordnance at War ley Common and Woolwich: [14th July 1804.]

WHEREAS for better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships of War, and Stores, at Chatham in the County of Kent; and for erecting Buildings for the Use of his Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common in the County of EJfeu 5 and for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich

in the County of Kent \ it is necessary to purchase the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein after

mentioned.9

41 Certain Premises, in the Ad described, vested in Trustees named in Trust for the Owners, till their Rights«shall be adjudged and determined, or Possession thereof taken by the Ordnance; and till the Purchase Money and Interest at five per Cent. from the Time of taking Possession shall be paid, §1. — Compensation for the €t Premises shall be made out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament, §2. [See a fintlar Aff9«42 G. 3. c. 89.3"

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues* faoth July 1804.]

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by two fevera^Acts, passed in the first and FevCnteenth Years respectively of your Ma-

17G. 3. c. at. o jetty's Reign, the clear Yearly Rents or Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred

G. 3. c. 13. 4 thousand Pounds, respectively, were granted to your Majesty, and were, by another Act, passed in the

i 49*twenty-Cevenfch Year of your Majesty's Reign, made payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated

1 Fund: And whereas the same hath, from various Causes, become inadequate to the Purposes for which the said Grants were made, and it is expedient that an Addition should be made thereto 5 We, your Majesty's

most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, with Hearts full of the warmest Gratitude for the inetlimable Blessings which your Subjects do enjoy under your Majesty's most auspicious Government, do pray your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

<0, 000l. per of the fame, That there be granted to his Majesty, during his Life (which God long preserve), over and bc-

Annum from fides the said several Sums of right hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred thousand Pounds respectively*

futtber^addeefto l^c ^lrt^Cr Avenue or y*riy Kent of sixty thousand Pounds, to commence from the fifth Day of July one the Civil List. thousand eight hundred and four, and that the same shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable and

paid out of the Consolidated Fund, in like Manner, and according to the same Rules, and under the same Authorities, Powers, and Provisionb, as the said Sums of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred thousand Pounds, are by the said several Acts now charged and paid, as fully and effectually as if the Clauses of the said Acts relating thereto were re-enacted in this Act.

% G. 3. c. 8a. 1I« ' And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for entiling bo Majesty to discharge toe Debt controlled upon his Civil L'tjl Revenues, and for preventing the fam from being m Arrear fir the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues,

and

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 80^ — 82.

and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned\ which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lijty IVovision is made for the Payment of his Majest's Civil List in different Classes, according to an Order of Payment therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that more effectual Provision should be

made for preventing Accumulation of Arrears, in any of the said Classes, without the Knowledge of Parliament; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, whenever any of the said Classes shall have become in Arrear more than two Quarters, the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being shall cause an Account of such Arrear, and the Class or Classes on which the same shall have arisen, to be laid before the House of Commons* within one Month after the same shall have arisen, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Use and Purposes therein mentioned, [20th July 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty's most Gracious Message, signifying your Majesty's Desire to be enabled to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of your Enemies, and as the Exigencies of Affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to be applied for that Purpose for the Service of Great Britain; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

His Majesty may empower the Treasury to cause Loans to be received or Exchequer Bills to be made out for 2, 500, 000l. any Time before Jan. 5, 1805, agreeable to Malt Act, 44 G. 3. c. 16. chargeable on the first Aids to be granted next Session, and if none granted before July 5, 1805, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, §1 — 4. — Bank, in case of Invasion, may advance the Money hereby authorized to be raised, §5. 41 G. 3. (U. K'.) c. 81. for Form of the Act.-\"

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to obviate certain Inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General's Office in the Court of Chancery, in the Execution of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty^ until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peacet a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professtons % Trades, and Offices, the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery was made answerable, or intendeclto be made answerable, for the doing all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, were required, or intended to be required, to be done by nim 2 And whereas not only by reason of the Nature of the Office of the said Accountant General, but also of the Extent and Course of the Business of the said Court, it is highly inconvenient if not impracticable, (due Regard being had to the Interest and regular Payment of the Suitors of the said Court), that the said Accountant General should do such Acts, Matters, and Things, and more especially if not authorized so to do by the Order or Orders of the said Court, directing how and in what Manner, and at what Times the same should be done : Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Accountant General shall not be answerable for or required to do any of the Acts, Matters, or Things, for the doing whereof he is or was intended to be answerable, or is or was required to do by the said recited Act, unless he shall be required to do the fame, by some Order or Orders of the said Court made for that Purpose, and it shall be lawful for the said Court to make any Order or Orders, either General or Special, touching all or any of such Acts, Matters, or Things.

II. And whereas by an Order of the said Court, bearing Date the eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and three, it was ordered as follows: 41 Upon hearing his Majesty's Attorney General, praying the Directions of this Court, in respect of the Manner in which the Accountant General of this Court should retain the Duty upon Dividends of Stock payable under the Orders of this Court, in conformity to the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, ProfeJTtonsy Trades, and Offices, it appeared to this Court, that by the said Act, as to such iJividends as by the said Orders of this Court, made or to be made, are payable to Persons or Parties, in such Order- respectively named, the Accountant General is not required by the said Act to retain any Duty thereupon, the Persons or Parties to whom the same are payable appearing to this Court to be hame to t>f otherwise assessed for the fame, as Part of the Income of such Persons or Parties, and this Court doth thereupon order that the Accountant General do draw for the Sums mentioned in such Orders respectively 5 but it appearing to this Court that in all Cases in which any Orders have been or shall be made for laying out any Dividends due or payable on or after Midsummer Day last, except the Dividends on Bank Stock, South Sea Stock, and East India Stock, in the Purchase of any Stock, that the Duty imposed by tht said Act ought to be Geo. III. X 4 retained

153

Account of Accumulation ol' Arrears in any of the C la Acs of the Civil List, shall he laid before PaiUameiaC

43 G. 3. c. nt; (See§77, 78.)

Aetodntaftt General shall be answerable only under Order ol Court of Chancery. Order of Court, dated Nov. 1803, respecting the detaining ol* Duly on Dividends, recited.

Accountant General shall apply Sums retained Bnder such Order, as the Court'(htJIdireft. Accountant General not liable to any Assessment or Penalty, under recited Act, except on not complying with Order of Court.

Officers of

Chancery and the Bank shall obey the Order of the Court.

Compensation may be made by the Treasury, for Trouble occasioned in the Office of the Accountant General!

43 G. 3. c. 122.

Commissioners under recited Act may continue to ad till their Year's Assefl*-inents and Collection are completed.

Any new Appointment, in case the hid appointed Commissioners are willing to ad, declared void.

Appointment of Commissioners for the first Year's A&&

C. 82, 83* 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

9 retained out of the Dividends ordered or to be ordered to be so laid out, this Court doth order that the Accountant General shall, until further Order, iu all such Cases draw only for so much of the Sums directed

by such Orders respectively to be drawn for as shall be the Amount of the same respectively, after deducing ' the Sum of one Shilling in the Pound, the Duty imposed by the said Act, and that the Sum so to be deducted shall remain in the Bank notwithstanding any Orders as aforesaid, subject to this Court's further Order' 2" Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Accountant General shall apply such Sums as have been or shall be retained by virtue of the said Order, to the Use of his Majesty in such Manner as the said Court shall, by any Order or Orders General or Special, direct, and which Order or Orders the said Court is hereby authorized to make for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the Provisions of the said Act as nearly as may be according to the Judgement of the said Court.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, nothing in the said recited Act contained shall be deemed or taken to render or to have rendered the said Accountant General in any Man-Tier whatsoever, or to any Intent whatsoever, answerable for, or to be or to have been liable to any Assessment, Charge, Penalty, or Demand whatsoever, for or in respect of the doing or having done, or the omitting or neglecting to do, or the having omitted or neglected to do any Act, Matter, or Thing which the said Accountant General was required to do or made answerable for, or was intended to be required to do or made answerable for, by the said recited Act, except so far as the said Accountant General shall have refused or neglected to obey or comply, or shall refuseor neglect to obey or comply, with any Order or Orders heretofore or hereafter to be made by the said Court as aforesaid, in respect of any Acts, Matters, or Tilings required by the said Act to have been done, or to be done by the said Accountant General.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, to the Intent more effectually to enable the said Court to carry into Effect any Order or Orders thereof, touching any Acts, Matters, or Things, required by the said recited Act, or which the said Court is hereby enabled to make, the said Accountant General, and all other Officers of the said Court of Chancery, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* are respectively hereby required duly to perform and execute all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as by them respectively shall, in or by any Order or Orders of the said Court, be required to be performed or executed, touching any Acts, Mattel's, or Things, required by the said recited Act.

V. 'And whereas it is reasonable that Compensation should be made for the Trouble and Expence which ' will be occasioned in the Office of the Accountant General by the Execution of the several Matters required

to be done by the said recited Acts or this Act, and that the same should not be made out of the Money be-

longing to the Suitors of the said Court be it further enacted, 'f'hat it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Great Seal, or the Matter of the Rolls, for the Time being, to certify to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, what Sums shall appear to them respectively to be reasonable to be allowed, and to what Person or Persons in respect of such Trouble or Expence as aforesaid; and that it shall be thereupon lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to give such Directions a9 may be necessary for the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, out of any of the Sums of Money charged or chargeable under the said recited Act or this Act, and to be raised out of any Dividends of Funds under the Management of the said Court of Chancery; and which Directions all Persons concerned are hereby authorized and required to obey.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profdfions, Trades, and Offices.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contrihution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices: And whereas it is expedient that

certain of the Provisions and Regulations for cnooiing Commissioners should be altered and amended, so as

more effectually to secure a due Execution thereof: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Didrift where the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Act shall not have completed their Year's Assessments, and Collection thereof, before the Times limited by the said Act for appointing new Commissioners for the subsequent Year, and the said Commissioners shall be willing to continue to act as such Commissioners in the Execution of the said Act, no new Appointment of Commissioners shall be required; and if in any such Di drift a new Appointment of Commissioners shall have taken or shall take place, either at a General Meeting of the Commissioners of Land Tax, or at a District Meeting of such Commissioners, whereby any Commissioner or Commissioners appointed for the prior Year's Assessment, and willing to act as such Commissioner or Commissioners, shall have been or shall be removed before the Year's Assessment shall have been completed as aforesaid, the Appointment of any other Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Room of the Commissioner or Commissioners removed and willing to act, shall be and is hereby declared void, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioner or Commissioners so first appointed to continue to act as a Commissioner or Commissionersby virtue of such Appointment, notwithstanding such second or after Appointment of Commissioners; and where any Appointment of Commissioners for the first Year's Assessment under the said Act shall have taken place after the Times limited by the said Act, and the Commissioners so appointed have begun to act in the Execution of the said Act, every such Appointment is hereby declared valid, and the Commissioners acting

6 under

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 83, 84.

under such Appointment for the first Year's Assessment are hereby indemnified for all Acts which Commissioners <luly appointed may lawfully do under the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in and for every District where there shall not be sufficient Commissioners according to the Directions of the said Act to carry the same into Execution, the Power of holding a General Meeting of the Commissioners of Land Tax shall be extended, for the present Year, until the tenth Day of October one thousand eight hundred and four, until which Time the Powers of the said Act in relation to such Nomination may be earned into Execution; and every such General Meeting already held pursuant to the said Act for such Purpose, although after the Time limited by the said Act, shall be deemed valid, and the Appointment of Commissioners at such Meeting is hereby confirmed, except where by such Nomination any Commissioner or Commissioners acting for the first Year's Assessment shall be willing to continue to ad, in which Case the Nomination of any other Person or Persons to ad in his or their Place shall be null and void; and all Appointments made or to be made at any District Meeting of such Commissioners, where a General Meeting shall have been held, or shall be held before the Day limited by this Act, are hereby declared to be null ana void.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff of every County in England\ or his Deputy, and the Sheriff Depute or Substitute in every County in Scotland, and the Chief Magistrate of every City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, and Place in Great Britain, where such General Meeting is required to be holden, shall, on Notification thereof from the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, convene the same accordingly at the usual or most proper Place for holding such Meetings 5 and where the Powers of the said Act for the Appointment of Commissioners shall not have been duly executed, or where the Commissioners appointed shall not have taken upon themselves the Execution of the said Act, the Sheriff, or his Deputy, or the Chief Magistrate aforesaid in England, and the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate aforesaid in Scotland, shall, by the Di-redion of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, and by their Nomination, cause to be appointed sufficient Persons, qualified as directed by the said Act, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of the said Act, or Assistant Commissioners, as the Cale may require; which Commissioners so nomU nated and appointed shall have full Power to carry the said Act into Execution, as well with respect to the Assessments to be made in the Yeir of such Appointment as for any prior Year or Years in which any Default shall have been made in carrying the said Act into Execution, and for such Period of Time as the said Lord* Commissioners shall limit and appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That All Vacancies happening within the Year shall, if the same cannot be supplied from the List of Commissioners for the Purpose of supplying Vacancies as directed by the said Act, be filled up, by the Appointment of the remaining acting Commissioners, from such Persons as shall be duly qualified to be appointed such Commissioners; and in all Cases it shall be lawful for any of the Persons appointed0 supply Vacancies to act as Assistant Commissioners in the same Districts, if the Commissioners for the Pur-poiet of the said Act in the same Districts shall think proper to appoint them, or any of them, to that Office.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Matter General, to

send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Pottage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Matter General, and the Barrack Matter General, to authorize Persons in their Offices to fend Letters free from the said Duty.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to avthori % e the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes9 Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the two Houses of Portia went of the United Kingdom, and by certain Publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Post age on such

Votesy Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Person: And whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not by the said Act extended to the Master General of his Majesty's Ordnance, to either of the Secretaries of the said Master General, to the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, to the Inspector General of Fortification*, or to the Quarter Master General of his Majesty's Force*, who, by virtue of their respective Offices, necessarily send and receive many Letters and Packets relating to the publick Concerns of this Kingdom: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflcm-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the oafirng of this Act, the Master General of his Majesty's Ordnance, one of the Secretaries to the said Master General, the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, the Inspector General of Fortifications, and the Quarter Master General of his Majesty's Forces, all for the Time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces for the' Time being, and other Officers of his Majesty's Forces, therein specified, are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive Letters and rackets free from the Duty of Postage.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lieutenant General and principal Officer* of his Majesty's Ordnance to authorize and direct certain Persons, not exceeding two in Number, ' in their Office or Department 5 and to and for the Adjutant General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, to authorize and direct certain Persons, not exceeding two in Number, in his Office or Department;and to and for the said Quarter Master General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, to authorize and*

X a direct

1S5

raent after the Tune limited, declared valid* Power of holding General Meetings of Commissionet* of Land Tax, where there (halt not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners to execute recited Act, extended till Oct. xo, 1804. &c.

Powers for convening General Meetings, and appointing Commissioners by Sheriffs, Sec. by Order of Tax Office or Treasury.

(See 43 G. 3. c. 112. §10.)

Supplying Vacancies of Commissionerfc (&M3 G. 3. C.I22.$5)

42 G.3. Ch. 3»

Master General of the Ordnance, &c. may send and receive Letters free from Postage, as under 42 G.

c-«J. §

Ordnance, Adjutant General, Quarter Master General, and Barrack Master General, may

i5$

appoint certain Per Cons to in-do' i'e Letters and Packets to be sent tree from their Offices, &c.

Penalty for making Indorsement on Letters not concerning the Bu-fuiefs of the Office.

9 Anne, c« i0.

38 <3.3. c. 63. relating to the Isle of Man, revived and continued till July 5, 1805.

39 & 40 0.3. c. 90. recited.

C. 84 — 87. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

direct certain Persons, not exceeding two in Number, in his Office or Department; and to and for the Barrack Master General of his Majesty's Forces for the Time being, to authorize and direct one Person in his Office or Department (a List of whose Names shall from Time to Time be transmitted to the General Post Offices in London and Dublin), severally and respectively to make and subscribe an Indorsement upon Letters and Packets, to be sent by the Post free from their respective Offices, which shall concern the publick Business of such Offices or Departments, signifying that such Letters and Packets are upon his Majesty's Service, which Letters and Packets, being so uibscribed and sealed with the respective Seals of the said Lieutenant General and principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance for the Time being, the said Adjutant General for the Time being, the said Quarter Master General for the Time being, and the said Barrack Master General for the Time being respectively, shall and may be sent and conveyed by the Post free from the Duty of Postage.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person authorized to make and subscribe such Indorsement shall knowingly make the fame, or procure the same to be made, upon any Letter or Packet which does not really concern the Business of the Office or Department to which he shall belong, such Person shall for the first Offeree forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as by the Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for establishing a General Post Office, is directed with respect to the Penalties inflicted by the said Act 5 and for the second Offence shall be dismissed from his Office.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for further continuing, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

[20th July 1804.]

12 G. 3. f. 50. (last continued by 36 G. 3. c. 40. §8.) recited and further continued for seven Years, &c*«But not to affect the Duties under 43 G. 3. c. 68. and c. 70. or 44 G. 3. c. 53."

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing fev»ral Laws relating to the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and to the Encouragfme nt of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

[20th July 1804.]

u 39 G. 3. c. 100. respecting the British Fisheries, which revived and continued 35 G. 3. c. 56. which conti-

nued and amended 26 G. 3. c. 81. and which was amended and continued by 29 and 40 G. 3. r. 85. 41 G. 3.

44 (U. KA c. 97. §6. and 42 G. 3. c. 79. §1. revived and further continued till 5th April 1806. But not to

affect the Duties granted by 43 G. 3. c. 68. and c. 70. and 44 G. 3. c. 53. §1, 2d9

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; which was continued and amended by an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and further continued by two Acts, made in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, shall, from and immediately after the said fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect, from the said fifth Day of July, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five; and in every Case in which any Act, Matter, or Thing, is authorized or required to be done or performed on any Day or Days mentioned in the said Acts, every such Act, Matter, and Thing, may and shall be done within such Number of Days after the passing of this Act, as the same might have been done after any Day specified in the said Act, in case the same shall be necessary for carrying the same into Execution.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England.

[20th July 1804.]

4 "IT WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Dilutes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in'

the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England, Provisions were enacted for settling alL 4 Disputes that arise in respect of such Manufacture, between the Masters and Workmen engaged therein,

4 by Way of Arbitration, by two Arbitrators, one to be chosen by each Party at his Discretion; And whereas the Mode intended to be thereby established hath not produced the beneficial Effects expected therefrom:

And whereas it is therefore expedient that so much of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth

Years aforesaid, as relates to the settling such Disputes by Arbitration in Manner therein mentioned, should

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 87.

# be amended: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5* and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years aforesaid, as relates to settling such Disputes as aforesaid by Arbitration, in Manner therein directed, and also so far as regards the Powers of the Arbitrators to administer an Oath or Oaths to the Parties, or their Witnesses, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all such Disputes shall be settled and determined in Manner by this Act directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, in all Cases where an Arbitration may be demanded by the said recited Act, where the Party complaining and the Party complained of shall come before or agree, by any Writing under their Hands, to abide by the Determination of any Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate of any County, City, Town, or Place, within which the Parties reside, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate to hear and finally determine in a summary Manner the Matter in dispute between such Parties; but if such Parties shall not come before, or so agree to abide by the Determination of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Complaint made before him, and Proof by the Examination of the Party making such Complaint, that Application has been made to the Person or Persons against whom such Caule of Complaint has arisen, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, if such Dispute has arisen with such Agent or Agents, to settle such Dispute, and that the same has not been settled upon such Complaint being made, or where the Dispute relates to a bad Warp, such Cause of Complaint shall not be done away within forty-eight Hours after such Application, to summon before him such Person or Persons, or Agent or Agents, on some Day not exceeding three Days, exclusive of Sunday, before the making such Complaint, giving Notice to the Person making such Complaint of the Time and Place appointed in such Summons for the Attendance of such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, as aforesaid 5 as if at such Time and Place the Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear by himself, or fend some Person on his, her, or their Behalf, to settle such Dispute, or appearing shall not do away such Cause of Complaint, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, at the Request of either of such Parties, to nominate Arbitrators or Referee* for settling the Matters in Dispute; and such Justice shall then and there at such Meeting propose not less than four nor more than six Persons, one Half of whom shall be Matter Manufacturers or Agents, or Foremen of some Matter Manufacturer, and the other Half of whom shall be Weavers in such Manufacture (such respective Persons residing in or ne ar to the Place where such Dispute shall have arisen) out of which Mailer Manufacturers, Agents, or Foremen, the Mailer engaged in such Dispute, or his Agent, shall chuse one, and out of which Weavers so proposed the Weaver, or his Agent, shall chuse another, who shall have full Power to hear and finally determine such Dispute; and the said Justice shall thereupon appoint a Place of Meeting according to the Directions of this Act, and also a Day for the Meeting, Notice of which Nomination, and of the Day of Meeting, shall thereupon be given to the Persons so nominated Arbitrators or Referees, and to any Party to any such Dispute, who may not have attended the Meeting before such Justice as aforesaid 5 which Appointment shall be by such Justice certified in the Form following; (that is to say),

I A.B. on£ of the Justices of the Peace acting for do hereby certify, That C.D. and E. F.

X are duly nominated Referees to settle the Matters in Difference between G. H. of Matter

Manufacturer [or. Agent of, at the Case may he] and I, K* of Weaver, pursuant to an Act passed in the forty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and that the said Referees are hereby directed to meet at on the Day of at of the

Clock. a.b:

And the Persons so appointed as aforesaid shall hear and examine the Parties and their Witnesses, and determine such Dispute within two Days after such Nomination, exclusive of Sundays; and the Determination of such Arbitrators shall be final and conclusive.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person so complaining as aforesaid shall not attend, or fend some Person on his or her Behalf, at the Time and Place appointed by such Justice of the Peace, for the Purpose of naming such Persons as aforesaid, such Person shall not in such Case be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and if any Person against whom any such Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, shall not attend, or fend some Person on his or her Behalf, the Justice of the Peace shall thereupon nominate a Person for him out of such Persons so proposed as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any or either of the Persons so proposed by any such Justice, shall refuse or delay to accept such Arbitration, or accepting, shall not aft therein, the Justice shall proceed to name another or other Persons of the Descriptions aforesaid, in the Room of the Person so refufi^g as aforesaid to be Arbitrator or Arbitrators, in the Place of such Arbitrator or .Arbitrators so refilling or delaying to accept, or who shall not aft, out of whom the Parties to such Dispute shall forthwith respectively nominate the Arbitrators under this Act; and in every Case of a second Nomination, the Arbitrators mall meet within twenty-four Hours after the Application for the some, and at the same Place at which the Meeting of the Arbitrators first named was appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Case where the Arbitrators cannot-agree, they shall forthwith go before the Justice or Justices by whom they were appointed; and in case of his or their Absence or Indisposition, before any other Justice of Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, nearest to the Place at which the Arbitrators met to settle the Dispute; and if either Arbitrator shall neglect or refuse to go before such Justice of the Peace, in the Manner herein directed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, after summoning the Arbitrators to attend him, to determine the Matter or Matters in Dispute, upon the Statement and Representation of either of the Arbitrators who shall come before him.

157

So much thereof (S*§i — 5.) at relates 10 settling Disputes by Arbitration repealed. (And See § >9)

Where Partiet agree to abide the Determination of a Justice, the Matter in Dispute may be finally determined by him*

If Partiet do not so agree, Justice shall summon the Party complained of, and appoint Arbitral tort.

Form of Appointment of Referees,

Persons complaining not attending, shall lose the Benefit of the Act, Ac,

On Arbitrators refuting to act* Justice may name others*

Arbitrators not agreeing, and refusing to go before the J uf-lice, the Dispute shall be determined by him*

One Arbitrator may make the Award, if the other does not attend.

Limiting the Time of making Complaints.

Complaints respecting bad Warps 01 Utcn-6ls to be settled near the Place of Work. Penalty on refilling to fulfil the Award, ioL

Tickets stating Quantity of Material*. 5cc. shall be given out with Work.

Duplicate of the Ticket shall be kept by the Mailer.

Penalty on not giving a Ticket, 40 s. to 20 s. without Appeal.

Complaints may be made against Agents or Partaers.

Where Mailers become Bankrupts, Adigrees shall be liable.

Complaints of married Women and Infants.

c. 87. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where a second Arbitrator ftiaH be appointed as aforesaid, and such second Arbitrator shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for settling the Matters in Dispute, it shall be lawful for the other Arbitrator at such Time and Place to proceed by himself to the Hear* ing and Determining of the said Matters in Dispute, and in such Case the AwaVd of such foie Arbitrator shall be final and conclusive as to all Matters in Dispute, submitted to such Arbitrators.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Complaints by the Weaver, as to bad Materials, shall be made within three Weeks after his receiving the fame, and all Complaints arising from any other Cause shall be made within three Days after such Cause of Complaint shall arise; and that it shall not be allowable to any Manufacturer, who shall have received into his Possession any Cotton Cloth made by himself, or his Clerk or Foreman, afterwards to make any Complaint on account of Work so received.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Complaints are made respecting bad Warps or Utensils by Workmen, the Place of Meeting of the Referees shall be at or as near as may be to the Place where the Work shall be carrying on; and in all other Cases at or as near as may be to the Place or Places where the Work has been given out.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if either Party shall refuse to fulfil the Award to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of forty-eight Hours next after the same shall be made, and have been reduced into Writing in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, the Party so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay to the Party in whose Favour such Award shall have been made as aforesaid, the Sum often Pounds, to be recovered as the Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act maybe recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That with every Piece of Work given out by the Manufacturer to a Workman to be done, there shall (if required by the Workman to whom the same shall be given) be delivered a Note or Ticket, signed by the Person delivering out the fame, or his Agents, stating the Quantity of the Materials delivered out, and the Nature of the Work to be performed, and the Price agreeo upon for the executing such Work in a workman-like Manner; and which said Note or Ticket, in the Event of Dispute between the Manufacturer and Workmen, shall be Evidence of all Matters and Things mentioned therein or respecting the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That a Duplicate of every such Note or Ticket shall be made and kept by the Master or Agent delivering the fame; which Duplicate shall be Evidence of all the Matters and Things therein contained, in case the Workman shall not produce to the Arbitrators or the said Justice, as the Case may be, the said Note or Ticket so delivered to him with the said Work.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Master or Agent refusing or neglecting to give a Note or Ticket in the Manner hereby prescribed, when required so to do, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings nor less than twenty Shillings, for each Failure or Neglect, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties may be recovered and applied by the said recited Act: Provided always, that no Appeal shall be competent against any Conviction for any such Penalty.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Work shall have been delivered to any Workman by the Agent or Servant of any Master or Masters, to be, when finished, delivered to such Agent or Servant, and also where two or more Persons shall carry on the Business of such Manufacture as Partners, in every such Case respectively, the like Proceedings shall and may be had and made against such Agent, Servant, or any Partner, and shall be as effectual as if the same had been had and made against the Principal or all the, Partners; and all the said Persons respectively shall obey the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders as shall be made by the said Justice or Justices, in or respecting the Matters in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the fame, as if the Proceedings had been had against the Principal or against all the Partners.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Proceedings may be had against a Master or Masters under this or by the said recited Act, or where such Proceedings shall nave been commenced, and the Master or Masters shall become or be Bankrupt, or any Asignment of his or their Estate or Effects shall have been made under the said Bankruptcy, or otherwise by Deed or in Law, the Assignee or Assignees of such Estate or Effects shall be liable to the Proceedings authorized by this Act against the Master or Masters, as fully as the Master or Masters was or were before the Bankruptcy or Assignment; and such Proceedings may be commenced.or carried on against such Assignee or Assignees, who shall fulfil and abide by the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders shall be made by the said Justice or Justices in or respecting the Matters in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the fame, as if the Proceedings had been had against the Master or Masters before his or their Bankruptcy, or the Asignment of his or their Estate or Effects 5 provided that all Sums of Money to be paid in pursuance of such Award or Orders shall be recoverable only out of the Estate or Effects of such Master or Masters, and not out of the proper Money of such Assignee or Assignees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any married Woman, or Infant und.r the Age of twenty-one Years, shall have Cause of Complaint in any of the Cases provided for by this or the said recited Act, against any Master or Masters, his or their Agent or Servant, or Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, such Complaint may be lodged, and all further Proceedings thereupon had by and in the Name of the Hufbund of such married Woman, and of the Father, or, if dead, of the Mother, or, if on the Death of both Parents, of any of the Kindred of any such Infant, and of the Surety or Sureties in any Indenture of Apprenticeship of any such Infant being an Apprentice; and all such Proceedings shall be as effectual, valid, and binding, as if such married Woman was lole, and such Infants were of full Age, and pursued by themselves the Remedies provided by this or the before recited Act.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 87.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Time, and Expencet, attending the Application* to Justices to be made under this Act, and of the Arbitration pursuant thereon, shall be lettled by the Arbitrators or Arbitrator by whom such Disputes shall be settled; and where the same shall be determined by any Justice of the Peace, pursuant to the said recited Act, then the Costs, Time, and Expences aforesaid, shall be settled by such Justice; and where the Arbitrators appointed as aforesaid cannot agree as to the Costs, Time, and Expences to be allowed, the same shall be settled by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by whom the said Arbitrators were named; and in case of his Absence or Indisposition, by any Justice of the Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, nearest to the Place at which the Arbitrators met to settle the Dispute.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the following and no higher Fees shall be allowed to be taken for any Proceeding under this Act; videlicet,

£.

To the Clerk of the Justice or Justices,

For each Summons - 6

For every Oath or Affirmation - 6

For drawing and entering the Order - 6

For every Warrant - 1 —

For every Conviction - 1 —

To the Con liable or other Peace Officer,

For Service of Summons or Order - 6

For executing Warrant of Distress and Sale of Goods — — — 16

For Custody of Goods distraine.S per Diem - 4

For every Mile he shall travel - 4

And a Table of Fees, signed by the Clerk to such Justice or Justices, shall be hung up in every Place where any General or Quarter Sessions or Petty Sessions of the Peace shall be held.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Proceedings under this Act shall be set aside or quaffied for want of Form.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in place of the Forms set down in the Schedule to the said Act, the Forms contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be used and observed in the several Instances to which they apply; and all the Provisions of the said Act which are contrary to the Provisionsdf this Act, or for which other Provisions are hereby substituted, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; but the same shall in all other Respects remain and continue in full Force and Efted.

Publick Act, §20."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of the Award, to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Justices

appointing the Arbitrators.

yE /. K\ and L. M. [name and describe the Referee], the Referees appointed to settle the Matters in Dispute between the Parties within named, [or, I, /. K. the Referee on the Part of the within

A.B. L. Af. the Referee appointed on the Part of the within named C. D.], having, notwithstanding the Notice, failed to attend on I, N. 0. the Justice [as the Case may do hereby adjudge and determine, that [here set forth the Determination to which the Referees or Referee, or Justice, as the Case may be, flail subscribe their Names."]

FORM of Indorsement, extending the Time limited for making the Award, to be written on the Foot or on the Back of the Order of the Justice appointing the Arbitrators.

*YyE A\ B. and C.D. Parties to the within Arbitration do hereby agree to extend the same to the Day of inclusive. Witness our Hands this

Day of Witocfs A.B.

C. D.

FORM of Acknowledgement of Fulfilment of the Award, to be written on the Foot or on tfce

Back thereof.

I A.B. do hereby acknowledge that the above Award hath been fulfilled by C.D. who is hereby discharged of the same.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

Witness A.B.

FORM of Conviction for refusing or delaying to fulfil the Award.

JJE it remembered, That on the Day of in the

Year of his Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me

[or, name the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, of J

that the said A.B. has refused or delayed to fulfil the Award within the Time limited, contrary to the Statute made in the forty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of the Ad], and I [or, WeJ the (Said Justice [or9 Justices j do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence, to forfeit and lose the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the lame to be

forthwith paid by him [her, or, them, as the Case may be].

159

Oofts ihal) be settled by Arbitrators or Justices.

Fees allowed.

Proceedings not to bequuflied for Want of Form. Repeal of Schedule, Sec. in recited A

itG. 3.C. 49.

i

*5 C. j. c. 51. §4-

37 G. 3. c. 16.

S«.

Commissioners may license Hackney Coaches as publick. Stages in the Neighour-hood of London,

C. 88. 44« GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled\*An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Insurance, and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer % Ale, and other exciseable Liquors and for explaining and amending several ABs of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and ChairsJ so far as, the same relates to Hackney Coaches, it is recited, that a great Number of Persons, licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches to use and keep for Hire Hackney Coaches, regularly used and employed the same as Hated Stages to and from different Towns and Places in the Neighbourhood of the Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark, as well within the Bills of*Mortality as without, which was of great publick Utility and Convenience; and it is also recited that a Doubt had arisen whether, by the Laws then in force relating to Hackney Coaches, such Persons being licensed in the usual and general Form were not compellable to do the ordinary Work of Hackney Coaches, and to carry Fares for Hire to any Parts or Places within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Diilance*of ten Miles thereof, which would be attended not only with great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of such Towns and Places, but might also be a great lessening to his Majesty's Revenue arising from Hackney ' Coaches; it was by the same recited Act declared, that, from and after the passing thereof, the said Commissioners for licensmgand regulating Hackney Coaches, or any other Person or Persons having Authority to*put any of the Laws in Execution concerning licensed Hackney Coachmen, their Renters, or their Drivers, Should not be compelled or compellable to fine or punish any licensed Hackney Coachman, his Renter, or Driver, for refilling to carry a Fare out of the ordinary Course of his Stage Work or Duty, who Should regularly use and employ his Coach so licensed as a Stage Coach to and from any of the Towns or Places in the Neighbourhood of the said Cities of London and Westminster, and who Should also, by painting in legible Characters*on the Door of such Coach, or by a Board to be painted in legible Characters on the Door of such Coach, plainly denote and distinguish the same to be a Stage Coach to and from any such Town or Place; 4 any Thing in the said therein recited Act, or in any other Act relating to Hackney Coaches, to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of traveling Pofti and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Po/l and by Times and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hirefor travelling Pofi and by Time: And whereas certain Duties in the same Act specified in lieu of the Duties^by the said recited Act repealed were thereby granted on Persons who should keep any Carriage in the said recited Act described, and among others the Sum of five Shillings to be paid annually for a Licence for that Purpose,

and also one Penny for every Mile such Carriage should travel; and such Duties were thereby placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties: And whereas it was thereby further enacted and declared, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend to any Horses used in Hackney Coaches licensed pursuant to several A&3 of Parliament made for that Purpose, where the Horses drawing such Hackney Coaches should be employed to go no greater Distance than ten Miles from the Cities of Z, on-« don or Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof: And whereas a certain Penalty of ten Pounds for each Offence is by the said last recited Act imposed on Persons who should keep any such Carriages as therein described to be employed as publick Stage Coaches without having first obtained a Licence according to the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present* Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Stage Coaches, whereby an additional Duty of one Penny per Mile was charged on the Owner or Owners of every Coach or other Carriage therein described to be employed as publick Stage Coaches: And whereas a great Number of Persons, licensed by the said Commissioners to use and keep for Hire Hackney Coaches, regularly use*and employ the same as dated Stages to and from different Towns and Places in the Neighbourhood of the Cities of London and Westminster, some of which Towns and Places are within and others without the Weekly Bills of Mortality: And whereas it is also of great Convenience to the Persons residing in the said Cities of*London and Westminster, and the Towns, Villages, and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, to be conveyed*to and from the same at an easy Expence by Means of such licensed dated Stages under proper Regulations:

And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under and by virtue of the several Acts herein-before recited, or either of them, the Owners of Hackney Coaches, licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, are liable, when employed or let out as Stage Coaches for conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, to the annual Duty of five Shillings for a Licence, and the several Duties of one Penny and additional Duty of one Penny, in the said recited Acts respectively mentioned, for every*Mile such Carriage shall travel, or to any or either of such Duties: And whereas it is expedient that such*Doubts should be removed: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches for the Time being, with the Approbation and under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for any three or more of them, for the Time being, to license, authorize, and empower such and lo many of the Owners of Hackney Coaches licensed or to be licensed by the said Commissioners for

regulating

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 88, 89, 90.

regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, as shall from Time to Time appear to the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Representation of the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, to be necessary, to ply for Hire, and to use and employ, as publick stated Stages, such their licensed Hackney Coaches to and from any such Towns, Villages, or Places in the Neighbourhood of and to Rich Distances from the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark, as well with nt as without the Weekly Bills of Mortality, under and subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be required by the said Lords Commissioners in that Behalf: Provided always, that the Owners or Renters of such licensed Hackney Coaches do plainly denote and distinguisti such their respective Coaches to be Rated Stages to and from such Town, Village, or Place for which they shall be respectively licensed as aforesaid, by painting the same in legible Characters on the Door or other conspicuous and open Part of such their several and respective Coaches*

II. And whereas all or most of the Owners or Keepers of Hackney Coaches licensed by the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches used and employed as Stage Coaches to and from the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs thereof, have

omitted to take out the annual Licence required, by the said recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be taken out by those keeping Coaches or other Carriages employed as publick Stage Coaches or Carriages; and Doubts have arisen whether by such Omission they have not rendered themselves liable to the Penalty in the said recited Acts mentioned be it therefore further enacted and declared, That no Owner or Keeper of any such Hackney Coach or Coaches, who shall have been licensed by the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, shall be, or be deemed, construed, or taken to be subject or liable to the said Penalty, although he, she, or they, shall have kept, used, and employed any such Hackney Coach as a publick Stage Coach for the Purpose of carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places within the Distance of ten Miles from the said' Cities of London and Wflm\njlery and shall have let out such Coach for such Purpose as aforesaid, without having first obtained a Licence under the Hands of two of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorized by them 5 and all persons again (I whom any Prosecution or Proceeding shall have been or shall be laid for any such Penalty, or in relation thereto, shall be and are hereby indemnified; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts or any other Act now in force, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for confirming the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits, in Ireland.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of 4 V? his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Incrcafi of Agriculture and Commerce, by establishing a 4 reciprocal Preference in the Com Trade between this Kingdom and Great Britain, Malt is prohibited to be imported into Ireland: And whereas the said Act has been attended with beneficial Effects: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to bit Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred andfour, and also so much of any other Act and Acts now in force and effect, as allows, permits, or fusse rs the Importation of Malt into Ireland by virtue of any Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by any other Authority, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oat-meal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have aSedin advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for prohibiting such Di/lillatian> as enables the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with the Advice of the Privy Council, to prohibit, by Proclamation, the Use of Oats or Oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, for making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits, or inflicts any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect of the fame, for any Offence or Offences committed since the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XC.

An Act to continue, until seven Years after the parting thereof and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

[20th July 1804.]

Geo. III. Y^CAP.

l6l

under such Regulations as the Treasury flsall direct

Such Coaches shall be distinguished al Stages.

Licensed Owners of Hackney Coaches indemnified against Penalties for ora itiing to take out Stage Licences under 15 G. 3. c. 51.

Iritis AR,

32 G. 3. C. 29.

So much of 44 O. 3. c. 28, (&v§ 7, 8. of

that JS, )

?r any other Act as allows the Importation of Malt into Ireland, repealed. So much of 44G. J. c.ir, as enables the Lord Lieutenant to prohibit the Use of Oats, &c. in Distillatiuo, Sec. repealed.

[17 f?., (I)

c. 40. continued iy 36 G.3. (Q

t.5. i 70.J

i6z 0.91, 92.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

CAP. XCL

Promissory Notes under £0S. issued after s Aug u ft 1804, void.

[J9 O.3. (I.)

48.-1 Penalty.

Recital of §2 of

4B O. 3. C. 87.

(continuing Acts 39 G. 3. e, 48. 40 G, 3. c. 6+)

Sufp ended by

44G. 3. C. 6.

An Act to permit the Issue and Negotiation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited Sum, bf registered Bankers in Irelands and to restrain the Issue and Negotiation of certain other Notes.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS the Issue and Negotiation of Promissory Notes, in Ireland\ for small Sums, requires to be

W regulated be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Promissory Notes or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or trani* ferable, for any Sum or Sums of Money less than and not exceeding twenty Shillings, or on which any Sunt less than twenty Shillings shall remain undischarged, which shall bear Date or be issued in Ireland at any Time after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be and the same are hereby declared to-be absolutely null and void, and not to be negotiable or transferable, any Thing in an Act passed in the thirty* ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Person or Persons who shall issue the same shall forfeit the Sum often Pounds for every such Note or Undertaking so issued; and the Person or Persons who shall give or take the same in Payment, after the said first Day of August, shall forfeit double the Amount of each such Note or Undertaking to any Person who shall sue for the same.

II 1 And whereas by an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act t<s 1 continue, during the Rejlridion on Payments in Cqfh by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an A&> made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum; 9 and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act; it was enacted, That all Promissory or other Notes or Undertakings in Writing being negotiable or transferable,

for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money less than the Sum of five Guineas, or on which any Sum less than five Guineas shall remain undischarged, which shall be made or issued in Ireland at any Time from and after the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be absolutely void and of no Effect,

except Inland Bills of Exchange, Bank Post Bills, or Draughts in Writing, for any Sura not less than three

Guineas, which shall be issued under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; which said Act was suspended by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, so far as is therein mentioned be it therefore enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland shall extend to prevent any Promissory or other Note or Undertaking in Writing, stamped according to Law, and drawn or issued by any registered Banker or Bankers, for Payment of any Sum less than five Guineas, and bearing pate and issued before the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, from being negotiated and transferred by any Person until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five* and no longer, or to subject such Person to any Penalty for so doing; and if any Banker shall, after the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, re-issue or fuller to be re-issued any such Note or Under- taking in Writing, drawn or issued before the said first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, such Banker, Or other Person or Persons in his, her, or their Behalf, re-issuing or cauhng the same to be re* issued as aforesaid, shall, for every such Note or Undertaking in Writing so re-issued, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and if any Person shall, after the said first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, give or take in Payment any such Note or Undertaking in Writing, he or she shall forfeit Double the Value of the said Note or Undertaking in Writing, to the Person who shall sue for the same.

Notes under five Guineas issued by registered Bankers before August 1804, may be negotiated till January 1, 1805.

Penalty on Bankers're-issuing such Notes after October 1, 1804.

10l.

and on Persons

negotiatipg them after January 1, 1805, double Value.

Recovery of Penalties.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties imposed and appointed by this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland\ respecting the issuing, re-issuing, negotiating, or transferring Promissory or other Notes or Undertakings in Writing for any Sum less than five Guineas, whatever may be the Amount thereof, shall be recovered by such Person as shall sue for the same by Civil Bill, or before any Justice of the Peace, if such Penalty shall not exceed forty Shillings on the Oath of any one credible Witness; and every Justice of the Peace8 hereby empowered, in case of Non-payment thereof, to issue his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and* Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender.

Exception as to Bank of Ireland, and Bill* of Exchange for three Guineas, under 30 G. 3. c. 48, §4. — 44 Aft may be altered this Session* §5 '*

CAP. XCII.

An Act: to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from one* Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens that Persons, against whom Warrants are granted by Justice of

Peace for the several Counties and Places in Ireland, escape into other Counties or Places, out of the Jurisdiction of the Justices of Peace granting such Warrants \ and it may also frequently happen, that Persons having committed Offences in some County or Place in Ireland, may reside or be in some other County or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices of the County or Place in which such Offence was committed, whereby such Offenders may or will easily avoid being punished for the Offences wherewith they are charged be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con test of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 92.

Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, in case any Person, against whom a Warrant shall bne issued by any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, within Ireland, shall escape, go into, reside, or be, in any other County, (jity, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Person shall escape, go into, reside, or be, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required upon Proof being made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of the Justice or Justices granting fu^\ Warrant, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, which Indorsement shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, ami to all other Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, to execute such Warrant in the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the same was indorsed, and to apprehend and carry such Offender or CiiTcnders before the Justice who indorsed such Warrant, or before some other Justice or Justices of such other County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Warrant was indorsed; and in case the Offence for which such Offender shall be apprehended shall be bailable in Law, and such Offender shall be willing and ready to give Bail for his or their Appearance at the next AfGzes or General Gaol Delivery, or next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence was committed, such Justice or Justices by whom such Warrant was indorsed, or such other Justice before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, shall and may proceed with such Offender or Offenders, and take Bail for his or their Appearance at the next Assizes or General Gaol Delivery, or at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Offence was committed, in the same Manner as the Justices of the Peace of the proper County, City, Liberty* Town, or Place, should or might have done in such proper County, City, Liberty, Town or Place; and the Justice or Justices so taking Bail as aforesaid, shall deliver the Recognizance, together with the Examination or Confession of such Offender or Offenders, and all other Proceedings relating thereto, had before such Justice, to the Constable or other Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons so apprehending such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, who are hereby required to receive the same, and to deliver over such Recognizance, Examination, or other 'Proceedings, to the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders is or are required to appear by virtue of such Recognizance; and such Recognizance, Examination, and Con-session respectively, shall be as good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and of the same Force and Validity, as if the same had been entered into, taken, or acknowledged, before a Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the proper County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence was committed, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereon; and in case any Constable, Officer, or other Person to whom such Recognizance, Examination, Confession, or other Proceedings shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to deliver over the same to the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offender is required to appear by virtue of such Recognizance, such Constable, Officer, or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Irish Currency, to be recovered against him by Bill, Civil Bill* Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland, by any Person or Persons who will prosecute or sue for the fame, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance; and in case the Offence for which such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken in Manner aforesaid, shall not be bailable in Law, or such Offender or Offenders shall not give Bail for his or their Appearance at the next Assizesor General Gaol Delivery, or next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence was committed, to the Satisfaction of the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, then and in such Case the Constable, Officer, or other Person so apprehending such Offender or Offenders, shall carry and convey such Offender or Offenders before one of his Majesty's Justices of Peace of the proper County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to Law.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Action of Trespass, false Imprisonment, or Indictment, or other Action, shall be brought, sued, commenced, or prosecuted by any Person or Persons whatsoever, against the Justice or Justices who shall indorse such Warrant, for or by reason of his or their indorsing such Warrant: Provided always, that such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring or prosecute his or their Action or Suit against the Justice or Justices who originally granted such Warrant, in the same Manner as such Person or Persons might have done in case this Act had not been made.

III. And whereas it may frequently happen that Felons and other Malefactors, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, make their Escape into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, as

also that Felons and other Malefactors in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain may make

their Escape into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, whereby their Offences often remain un-

punished, there being no sufficient Provision, by the Laws now in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for apprehending such Offenders and transmitting them into that Part of the United Kingdom in which their Offences were committed: For Remedy whereof, be it further enzAcd, That, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, if any Person or Persons against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any of the Judges of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Person having Authority to issue the same within Ireland, for any Crime or Offence against the Laws in force in Ireland', shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any Place in England or Scotland respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in England or Scotland respectively, whither or where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, reside, or be, to indorse his Name on such Warrant, which Warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing

163

Where Persons, against whom Wat rants have been issued, escape into another County in Ireland, the Justices of the County where they reside, lira 11 indorse the Warrants for Execution.

Where Offence*

are bailable Justices may take Bail, audr tnnsmit Recognizance, &c. 10the proper County.

Penalty on Constable for Neglect in delivering Recognizance, &c. 51.

If Offender not bailed, he shall be taken before a Justice of the proper County,

Justices indors-ing Warrants not liable to A d ion.

Offenders e reaping from Ireland into Great Britain may be apprehended, and conveyed to Ireland]

Offender*

leaping from Great Britain into Ireland may lie apprehended and conveyed back in like Manner,

Expence of Removal of Prisoners shall be defrayed by Treasurers of Counties, &c.

Treasurers of Counties in Ireland shall be reimbursed their Expences by Presentments of Grand Juries. Offenders escaping with stolen Goods from one Part to any other of the Kingdom may be tried in the Place where the same shall be found.

Fetfons receiving Inch stolen Goods may be fried in the Place where they receive the same.

C. 92. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, and also to all Con ft able* or other Peace Officers of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the said Warrant in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant w granted, and to convey him, her, or them by the moil direct Way into Ireland and before one of the Justices of the Peace of the County in Ireland, living near the Place and in the County where he, she, or they shall arrive and land; which Justice of the Peace is hereby required to proceed with regard to such Person or Persons as if the said Person or Persons had been legally apprehended in the said County in Ireland.

IV. And, for Remedy of the like Inconveniency by the Escape into Ireland of Persons guilty of Crimes in England or Scotland respectively, ' be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, if any Person or Persons against whom a Warrant shall be iffutd by any of the Judges of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, within England or Scotland respectively, or other Person having Authority to issue the same within England or Scotland respectively, for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of England or Scotland respectively, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any Place of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place in Ireland, whither or where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, or reside or be, to indorse his Name on such Warrant, which Warrant so indorsed shall be a fufneient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, and also to all Sheriffs Officers, Constables, and other Peace Officers of the County or Place in Ireland where such Warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the said Warrant in the County or Place in Ireland where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant may be granted, and to convey him, her, or them, by the most direct Way into England or Scotland respectively, and before one of the Justices of Peace of the County or Stewartry, in England or Scotland respectively, living near the Place and in the County where he, she, or they shall arrive and land, which Justice of Peace is hereby authorized and required to proceed with regard to such Person or Persons as if such Person or Persons had been legally apprehended in the said County or Stewartry of England or Scotland respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of removing Prisoners as aforesaid to any Place in England\ Scotland, and Ireland respectively, shall be repaid to the Person defraying the same by the Treasurer of the County in England or Ireland respectively, or by the Sheriff or Stewart Dtpute or Substitute of the County or Stewartry in Scotland, in which the Crime was committed, the Amount of such Expence being previously ascertained by an Account thereof verified upon Oath before two of the Justices of the Peace of such County or Stewartry, and allowed and signed by them; and such Treasurer, Sheriff, or Stewart Depute or Substitute, shall be allowed such Payments in their respective Accounts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of the several Counties in Ireland, who have paid the Amount of any such Expences so ascertained as aforesaid, shall lay the said Account, together with the Allowance of the same so signed as aforesaid, before the Grand Juries of their respective Counties, at the Affixes holden for such Counties next after such Expences shall be paid, or at any subsequent Assizes; and it shall be lawful for such Grand Juries and they are hereby respectively required to present a Sum equal to the Amount of such Expences, to be raised from the County at large, for the Purpose of reimbursfng such Treasurers.

VII. And whereas it frequently happens, that Persons having stolen or otherwise feloniously taken away Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, in one of the Parts of the United Kingdom, carry the same into another Part of the said United Kingdom, and there have the said Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects in their Possession or Custody 5 and Doubts may be entertained whether they could be indicted and tried in that Part of the United Kingdom where such Offenders have the said Money, Cattle, Goods, and other Effects, in their Possession or Custody, as the original Offence was not committed in such Part of the said United Kingdom be it therefore further enacted and declared, That, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, if any Person or Persons having stolen or otherwise feloniously taken Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, in any one of the Parts of the said United Kingdom, shall afterwards have the same Money, Goods, Chattels, or other Effc6b, or any Part thereof, in his, her, or their Pofftflton or Custody, in any other Part of the United Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to indict, try, and punish such Person or Persons, for Theft or Larceny, in that Part of the United Kingdom where he, me, or they shall so have such Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, in his, her, or their Pofftifion or Custody, as if the said Money, Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, had been stolen in that Part of the United Kingdom.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in any one of the Parts of the United Kingdom shall hereafter receive or have any Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, stolen or otherwise feloniously taken m any other Part of the United Kingdom, knowing the same to have been stolen or otherwise feloniously taken, every such Person or Persons shall be liable to be indicted, tried, and punished for such Offence in that Part of the United Kingdom where he, she, or they shall so receive or have the said Cattle, Goods, or other Effects, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Cattle, Goods, or other Effc6U, had been originally stolen or otherwise feloniously taken, in that of the United Kingdom in which such Person shall so deceive or have such Cattle, Goods, or other Effects respectively.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 93, 16

Cap. xcin.

Ah A<3 for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

[20th 1804.]

*Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, in such Manner as is herein after directed and appointed: Your faithful Commons do

therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Treasury rosy Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized to sell and dispose of, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Politick, any i^u^riWm>t Number of Tickets, to be drawn in three Lotteries, not exceeding in the Whole the Number of Eighty thou- exceed in the (and Tickets in such three Lotteries, in such Sum or Sums of Money for each of the Tickets in each of such Whole 80, 000 respective Lotteries as the said Lords Commissioners, or any three of them, may contract for with any Person Tickets, for such or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, purchasing the fame, under and subject to such Provisions and Regu* f^m*Aandf w lations, as to the Payment of the Sums contracted to be given for the Tickets in such Lotteries, or as to Regulations^ Iodalments and Time of Payment, and any Advance thereon, and any Allowance for prompt Payment or as shall he Discount, and as to any Forfeitures or Penalties for any Non-payment of any such Sums of Money or Indal- stipulated* meats; and also under and subjcA to any such Regulations as to the whole Number of Tickets, and Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets, in each of such Lotteries respectively 5 and also the Sum or Sums of Money to be allowed to the Owners of any first or last drawn Tickets on any or either of the Days of Drawing of any or either of such Lotteries, or any other beneficial Chance therewith, and the Days, and Times, and Places for the Drawing of each of such Lotteries, as shall to such Lords Commissioners seem most expedient, or shall be stipulated and contracted for, a3 to such Lotteries, or any or either of them; and all such Regulations, Stipulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties, shall be valid and effectual, and be obeyed, acted upon, and enforced, in like Manner, in every respect, as if they had been inserted and enacted in the Body of this Act:

Provided always, that the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to whom G-ftiier shall any Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid, in respect of any or either of such Lotteries, or of any Tickets in any or 8've Security for either of such Lotteries shall, if required, give Security to the Satisfaction of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of for fuc(*. his Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, for the Publick Services of Great Britain and Ireland, all the Monies Lotteries* which he or they shall receive from Time to Time, in respect of any or either of such Lotteries, or of any Tickets therein, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for the faithful Performance of the Trust in him or them reposed; and shall, from Time to Time, pay all such Monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Da^s afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, deducting thereout such Sums of Money as may be required by any Regulation, as to any such Lotteries, to be paid by him; which Sums of Money shall be allowed him in his Accounts.

99 Treasury empowered to apply the Money paid into the Exchequer by the Cashier, §2. [As § $.0/41 G. 3.

(U.K.) c. 27»j

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Trea- Treasury may* fury, or any three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, out of the Sum of Money r0J-jJT

that shall arise out of such Lotteries, to retain such Proportion thereof as may be necessary to be paid to the Payment of the Holders of the Fortunate Tickets in the said Lotteries, and to pay into, the Bank of England to the Account Fortunate of Ireland, from Time to Time, any Sums of Money not exceeding one-third Part of the Surplus of the Money Tickets, and that shall arise from such Lotteries, after paying the Fortunate Tickets therein, to be applied under the Order °ne*lhir<*of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or any three or more of them, to such Services for bc % ^pUed8to*Ireland as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Services of in this present Session of Parliament. Tielaud.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds shall be distributed and 800.000l. Hull* divided into Prizes to be drawn in the said Lotteries, in such Manner as shall be appointed and directed by the he divided into said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, which said Sum of eight hundred thousand Erixes, a*he Pounds shall be payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain and Ireland; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the 0"t 0{^Sup —

High Treasurer for the Time being, is or are hereby required and .authorized, by Warrant or Warrants under p|-, es granted

his or their Hand or Hands, to cause the said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds to be issued and paid this Session.

out of the said Aids or Supplies to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them dif*

tributed and paid to and amongst the respective Proprietors of the several Fortunate Tickets within two Months

after the ConcluGon of the Drawing of each of the said Lotteries, or at soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in respect of the same.

V. And, for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lotteries, ' be it further enacted, That such Persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or anythree or more of them now being, or the High 9

Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for t^e Time being, shall nominate and* he appointed by* appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the drawing ibe Tieafuiy. of Lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other Matters and Things relating to such Lotteries as may be necessary in that Behalf; and that such Managers and Directors shall meet together, from Time to Time, at4 same publick Office or Place, for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts in them reposed j and that the said

8 Managers

#66

Method of the Lottery Books.

Caihters shall before each Lottery return the Books with the undisposed Tickets, and Amount of Money received and paid in Undisposed Tickets shall be delivered into the Exchequer.

Tickets of the Middle Columns shall be rolled up and fastened with Thread and Silk; and cut off indentwise into a Box marked with the Letter (A); and put into another Box to be locked up and sealed.

Books shall be prepared for the Lotteries with two Columns, on each of which the Number of Tickets are to be printed. Number and Value of Fortunate Tickets, as fixed by the Treasury, shall bedifiinguUhed.

Tickets in the outermost Co-.

Ulruus of the lafr mentioned

o. 93-

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the mqior Part of them, shall, for the said Lotteries, cause Books to be prepared in which every Leaf shall be divided; or distiu* guished into three Columns; and, upon the innermost of the said three Columns, there shall be printed for each of the said Lotteries such Number of Tickets as shall be fixed in relation to each of such Lotteries respectively, to be numbered, one, two, three, and so onwards, in an arithmetical Progression, where the common Ex* cess is to be one, until they rife to the Number of the Tickets in each of such Lotteries respectively; and upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed the like Number of Tickets, of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered m like Manner; and in the extreme Column of the same Books there shall be printed a third Rank or Series of Tickets of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall severally be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, shall think moil safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket), Words or Figures to this Effect:

FIRST, [SECOND, or THIRD] LOTTERY,

X/ [as the Case may be] for the Year 1804. jL^I - .:

4 THE BEARER of this Ticket will be entitled to such beneficial Chance as shall belong thereto in the said Lottery, to be drawn pursuant to the Ad paired in the forty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.'

u Managers (flail examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cashiers of the Bank, taking " a Receipt for the fame, §6. [as §6. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) r. 27.]"

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, fourteen Days before the Commencement of each of the said Lotteries, re-deliver to the said Managers and D.re&ors, at their said Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not have cut out of the fame, and delivered to the Persons entitled thereto, and shall then and there also deliver to the said Managers and Directors a true and just Account, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers by or for the Tickets delivered, or to be delivered out, and how the fame, and how much thereof shall have been actually paid by such Cashier or Cashiers, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes herein mentioned; and that the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the Tickets of the said outermost Columns, which shall not have been delivered (if any such be), to be delivered into the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Cash, to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for raising Money for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, as any three of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall judge fitting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets in the Middle Columns, in the Books made out with three Columns as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them by or from the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up, and made fast with Thread or Silk; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their Presence, and in the Presence of any such Contributors or Adventurers as may be there, cause all the said Tickets which are to be so rolled up and made fast, as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwise, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes-, or Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (^), which is presently to be put up into another strong Box, and to be locked with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Directors, and sealed with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until the said Tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the Tickes in the first or innermost Columns of the said Books, shall remain dill in the Books, for discovering any Mistake or Fraud, (if any such should happen to be committed), contrary to the true Meaning of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared for the said Lotteries respectively, other Books in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two Columns; and upon the innermost of those two Columns there shall be printed the Number of Tickets of each of such Lotteries respectively, and upon the outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed a like Number of Tickets 5 all which shall be of equal Length and Breadth, as near as may be; which two Columns in the said Book shall be joined by some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost Tickets may be cut off indentwise; and that such Number of Tickets as shall be fixed for the Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, Part of those to be contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be, and be called, The Fortunate Tickets, to which Benefits shall belong 5 and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, mall cause the said Fortunate Tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in such Sums of Money respectively as shall have been fixed for each of such Fortunate Tickets, but so as that the whole Sum to.be paid in respect of the Fortunate Tickets in any such Lottery shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of ten Pounds for each of the Tickets in each of such Lotteries, and such Sums shall be paid at the Bank of England to the Proprietors of the said Fortunate Tickets, in the said Lotteries, in proportion to their respective Interclls therein, in such Manner as shall be stipulated or published by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, in relation to any such Lottery: And the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, ft>all cause all the said Tickets contained in the outermost Columns of the said last mentioned Books to be, in

3 the

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 93.

the Presence of the fat'd Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers a9 will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indentwise through the said Flourish or De-Tice, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (5); which Box shall be put into another strong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Director3, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets shall also be drawn in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and sealing the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Dirt flora, or such of them as aforesaid, before the latt six Days immediately preceding the Day appointed for the Drawing of the Lottery to which the Tickets shall respectively belong: And to the End every Person concerned may be well assured that the Counterpart of the same Number with his or her Ticket 13 put into the Box marked with the Letter (s!), from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some publick Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of putting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the End that such Adventurers as may be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the respective Days that shall be appointed for the Commencement of the Drawing of each of the said Lotteries respectively, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes, with all the Tickets therein for the said Lotteries to be brought into some convenient Hall or Place, within the City of London or Westminster, whereof due Notice shall be publittied in the London Gazette fourteen Days at least before the Day appointed for the Commencement of such Drawing, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, at such Hour of the Day as the said Managers and Directors shall fix and appoint; and shall then and there severally attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes containing the said Tickets to be severally taken out of the other two Boxes in which they shall have been locked up; and the Tickets or Lots in the respective innermott Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as may be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well shaken and mingled in each Box dittinflly, some one indifferent and fit Person to be appointed and directed by the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put, and one other indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said Fortunate and Blank Tickets shall be promiseuoutty put as aforesaid; and immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened* and the Number as well of the Fortunate as of the Blank Ticket shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn, with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall both be put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets, then the principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums whereunto they shall be entitled respectively, and two of the said Managers and Directors shall set their Names as Witnesses to such Entries; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together shall be put upon another File; and so the said Drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in such Method a9 before mentioned, until the whole Number of Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn: And as the same cannot be performed in one Day's Time, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day of drawing of the said Lottery, and so for each Day of drawing of the Lottery; and the said Managers and Directors shall and may regulate the Time of continuing to draw the Tickets, and lessen or increase the Number of the Tickets, to be so drawn on each Day of Drawing, as they, or the major Part of them, shall in their Discretion think necessary, and shall proceed therein for such Number of Days as shall have been appointed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for that Puryofe, till the whole Number of Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn as aforesaid, and afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the Fortunate Tickets drawn against the fame, shall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers and Directors, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle, the Property thereof.

XI. ' And, to the End the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present to what a Degree they have been so, be it enacted, That the said Managers and Directors shall on each Day of Drawing, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Drawing is over, cause to be printed and published complete numerical Lists of all the Tickets, as well Fortunate as Blank Tickets which shall be drawn on each Day, and if any Contention or Dispute shall arise in the adjusting the Property of the said Fortunate Tickets, it shall be wholly in the Judgement of the major Part of the said Managers and Directors to determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: And if any reifon or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly ad or afiitt in the forging or counterfeiting, any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or any former Act made for establishing any Lottery or Lotteries, or alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such false, altered, forged, or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, Certificate or Order, or any such Ticket, Certificate, or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure or Word therein shall have been altered (knowing

the

167

Books shall be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a Box, marked with the Letter (B), Sec,

Notice shall be given of putting the Tickets into Boxes.

Notice of the Drawing.

Method to be observed in Drawing, See»

Lift of Tickets Of each Day's Drawing shall be printed.

Disputes shall be adjusted by the Managers. Penalty on forging Tickets, See. Felony without Clergy;

i68

Cafhter may receive the Sumsfubfcished giving a No C for the f ime, which Dull rntiile the Bc.«rcr to Tickets to the Amount of the Sums so paid.

Cashier at the Times appointed shall deliver Tic kets not exceeding in Va ue Half of the Su n alhiJIy subscribed.

and shall give Rec«i foi the ivefidue.

C. 93. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

the same to be forced, counterfeited, or altered), to the said Managers and Directors, or any of them, or to the Cashier or Cashiers, or Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention; or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And the said Managers and Directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and empowered, to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, aififling, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the Common Gaol of the County, or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

" Encouragement to Persons discovering Offenders, Pardon and 30l. Reward, §12. — Attainder for Felony €t shall not corrupt the Blood, §13. — Oath of Managers, §14. [At $ $ 12, 13, 14 of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) " c. 27.]"

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfut for the said Cashier or Cashiers, having given Security as aforesaid, to receive from the Adventurers, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, the Monies to be by them respectively paid on account of the said Lotteries or any Tickets therein at one entire Payment or in such Proportions and Manner as aforesaid; and the said Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Note or Receipt, under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Sum or Sums to be paid; and shall be obliged thertby, and by this Act, to give the Bearer of every such Note or Receipt a Ticket or Tickets, of the extreme Column of the three Columns Book or Books aforesaid, for the Amount in Money of the Value of every Ticket paid or answered, as soon as such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have paid and answered to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Whole of his, her, or their Consideration Money, to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any Time or Times after the Days that shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, for that Purpose, and after any Contributor or Contributors to any or either of such Lotteries shall have advanced and paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers such Proportions of his, her, or their Consideration Money as may be required to be paid and advanced on or before any Days or Times (lipulated in that Behalf, and shall not have made any Default in such Payments, nor hereafter shall make any Default in the Payment of the remaining Part of such Consideration Money so to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets in the said Lotteries, at the respective Times appointed for Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for such Cashier or Cashiers, upon the Production and Deposit by any such Person or Persons of his, ho*, or their Receipt or Receipts for the Sums so paid from Time to Time, to cut out of the said three Columns Book or Books in the said extreme Columns thereof, and to deliver to the Person or Persons so contributing as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, any Number of such Tickets which shall be required in proportion to the Sums actually advanced and paid in Part to the said Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, so that the Number of such Tickets to be delivered to such Person or Persons at any Time or Times before the Payment of his, her, or their Consideration Money in full for the said Tickets shall not in the Whole exceed in Value one Half of the Sums so actually paid and advanced on the full Value of each Ticket according to the Price contrafted to be paid for the same; and the said Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby required and directed, upon the Delivery of such Ticket or Tickets from Time to Time, to give another Note or Receipt, under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Residue of the Money so paid and advanced in Part as aforesaid, after deducting the Sum pa*-l for each and every Ticket so delivered, and which Note or Receipt shall also specify the Number of Tickets so from Time to Time delivered, and the respective Sums so paid as aforesaid; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

" Contributors not making good their Payments shall forfeit Deposits, §17. [At §17. of \\ G. 3. (U.K.) " c. 27.] — Treasury may pay the Managers, §18. [At §18, of 4.1 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — The 800, 0001. u for Payment of Prizes charged on any Supplies granted this Session, and shall be paid to the Proprietors " without any Deduction, within two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing, &c. §19. [At §19. of M 42 G. 3. c. 54.] — Managers shall give Notice of the Time for exchanging Fortunate Tickets for Certificates,§ 26. [At §20. of 41 G.3. (U.K.) r.27.] — Treasury may defray the incidental Expences of this Act, §21.* [As §21. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — No Fee shall be taken for receiving or paying Contribution Monies, u for Receipts, &c on Penalty of 20l. f 22. -£At §22. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — No Persons shall take M down the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of Drawing, unless employed as a Clerk by the Managers, " or licensed so to do, §23. [At §23. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — Persons so licensed shall receive from the w Stamp Office Numerical Books, which shall be stamped on every Leaf. Commissioners shall grant such " Licences only on account of licensed Lottery Offices. Penalty on unlicensed Persons taking down or pub-4< lishing the Numbers of Tickets drawn, &c. 5l. On Complaint the Magistrates of London may grant War-" rants for apprehending Offenders. Persons in the actual Commission of such Offence may be apprehended " by any Person and carried before a Magistrate, who may commit the Offender, if Penalty be not paid. " Informers and Constables entitled to Penalty, §24. [At §24. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — Penalty on " Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, &c. 50l. 4 25. [At §25. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — " Form of Convictions. Penalty may be mitigated to one Half. Convictions noCremovable, §26. [At $ 26. u of 41 G.3. (U.K.) c. 27 ] — Persons before dealing in Lottery Tickets shall take out Licence, §27. \a»

" 5 29. of 42 G.3. *540

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 93. 169

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England, and such Commissioners as aforesaid in Ireland, respectively, or any two of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant a Licence for an Office for felling and dealing in Lottery Tickets, authorized by Law, to all and every Person and Persons applying for the fame; but pitviously to the Delivery of any such Licence, and before it shall have any Effect, there shall be paid, over at d above all other Payments to which the Person or Persons taking out such Licence may be respectively liable, by any other Act of Parliament, whether as Brokers or otherwise, the Duty charged upon and payable for every such Licence, that shall be granted for every Office within the Citie3 of London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, or within twenty Miles of either of the said Cities 5 and the Duties payable in respect of such Licences shall be paid at the respective Stamp Offices in London and Dublin respectively, when and where such Licence shall be granted, at the Time the Licence in respect whereof any such Sum shall have been paid shall be delivered to the Person or Persons applying for the fame, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expencts of the Stamp Office, where the same shall have been received in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein after prescribed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the fame; and also the particular House or Place where such Bu(inef3 or Dealing in Lottery Tickets mall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in force until after the Expiration of the Drawing of the lad of the Lotteries to be drawn under the Authority of this Act and no longer; and every Person acting or dealing in any of the Matters therein contained after the Expiration of such Licence shall be considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person.

t No Licence shall be granted for a Lottery Office within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, §30.*[^§3.3- of 42 G. 3. c. 54.] — Licensed Persons in Great Britain shall deposit and divide in Shares thirty li Tickets in each of the three Lotteries, or Licence shall be void, §31. [As §34. of 42 G. 3. c. 54.] —

Licensed Persons not having Inscriptions on the Front of their Shop shall forfeit 201. each Day, § j2. " [As §35. of 42 G. 3. c. 54.] — Penalty of 20l. on unlicensed Persons, &c. having such Inscriptions, §33. " [As §36. of 42 G. 3. r. 34.] — Persons keeping an Office without, or contrary to Licence shall forfeit icol. " §34. [As §37. of 42 G. j. c. 54.] — Persons to whom Licences are granted shall give Security by Bond,1 §35* [As §38. of 42 G. 3. c. 34.] — Commissioners of Stamps shall not be required to grant Licence, u unless it shall appear that the Party is able to answer the Penalty, and unless he shall have deposited thirty " Tickets, &c. §36. [Ai§ 39. of 42 G.3. r. 54.] — Executors, &c. may be authorized to carry on Bufinefa " for the Residue of the Term of Licences, §37. [As §40* of 42 G. 3. r. 34.] — Persons convicted of " Offences shall forfeit their Licence, §38. [As §41. of 42 G. 3. c. 54.] — Persons counterfeiting Licences, u or ttfing such as are counterfeit, shall forfeit 3001. §39. [As % 42. of 42 G. 3. c. 54.] — Time for trans-u acting Business in Lottery Offices; Persons acting otherwise shall forfeit 30l. §40. [As §43. of 42 G. 3< " Cm 54.] — No Chances of any Tickets for any less Time than the whole Time of Drawing shall be sold, or " Insurance made for or against the Drawing of any Ticket; nor shall any Person publish any Propofai for u such Purpose, on Penalty of 501. &c. §41. [As §44. of 42 G. 3. c. 54.] — No Ticket shall be divided u into any other Shares than Halves, Quarters, Eighths, and Sixteenths, on Penalty of 50l. §42. [As $ 45. " of 42 G. 3. r. 54.] — Form of Shares, §43. [As §46. 0/42 G.j. r. 34.] — Persons counterfeiting Shares, " &c. guilty of Felony, §44. [As §47. of ^2 G. 3. c. 54.J — Stamp Office shall establish an Office in London €i or Westminster for the Deposit of Tickets intended to be sold in Shares, §43. [As $ 48. 0^42 G. 3. c. 34.] " Receiver General shall give a Receipt for the fame, §46. [As §49. of 42 G. 3. c. 34.] — No such Receipt u shall not be transferable, f 47. [As §50. of 42 G. 3. c. 54.] — Books shall be kept by the Receiver for u registering such Tickets, which may be inspected on- paying 2 d. §48. [As } 31 of 42 G.3. r. 54.] — u Receiver General shall be paid 2 d. for every Share into which the Ticket deposited shall be divided, §49. " §32. o/*42 G. 3. c. 34.] — Persons felling Shares otherwise than on stamped Paper, See. shall forfeit 30b

u §5°* i^s § S3- °j 42 G.3. f*54-3 — Tickets so deposited in Great Britain or Ireland for the Purpose of " being fold in Sharts, shall continue in Possession of the Receiver General for certain Periods, &c. §51. " [As §54. of 42 G. 3. c. 34.] — Application of the Fees received at the Stamp Office in Great Britain, §32. u [As §33. of 42 G. 3. r. 34.] — Application of the Money received on account of Licences to keep Lottery u Offices in Ireland, §53. [As §36. of 42 G. 3. c. 34.]"

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to prepare, make, fell, or buy, or to have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the Lottery established by this Act, other than complete Numerical Registers or Lifts, in Books of the respective Dimensions before mentioned, and stamped in the Manner herein directed, and sold to such Person or Persons, or such Numerical Lift of each Day's Drawing, as shall be printed and published under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and Directors, or true and full Copies of such Numerical Lists of each Day's Drawing; nor for any Person or Persons to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Order, Course, or Priority of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong, under this Act, as being first drawn on any Day; nor to set down in any such Register or Lift, or in any Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, the Time in which any such Ticket shall be drawn on any Day, or in auy Manner whatever, either by writing or printing, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly keep or have in his or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her, or their House, Shop, Office; or Place, any Register or Lift containing any Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lotteries, other than such damped Numerical Regillers or Lifts, or such Numerical Lists of each Day's Drawing or Copies thereof as Geo. III. Z aforesaid,

Commissioners for Sumps in England and Commissioners appointed in J reland shall grant Licences for Lottery Offices on Payment of Duty.

[Sfr 44 G. 3. 9s-]

Licence shall continue m force till the Ex pi 1 at ion of the Drawing of the last Lottery under this Act.

Persons preparing or having in their Custody any unautho-.rixed Register or Lift of Tickets,

or keeping any Place for examining Tickets, by airy such Lids, See. shall forfeit 5l.

[See

aforesaid, or shall set down in any Register or Lift whatever* either by writing or printing, the Order, Courser Priority, or Tine of Day of drawing any such Ticket or Tickets* other than such Tickets to which Benefits shall belong as aforesaid, or any Marks, Figures, or Numbers, to mark, denote, or signify the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of such drawing, except as aforesaid; or shall, by himself or themselves, or by any other or others, keep any Office, Shop, or Place for examining, or in such Office, Shop, or Place, shall, 'examine, or cause to be examined, for any other Person or Persons, or permit any other Person or Persons to examine any Number or Numbers of such Tickets, whether with or without Reward, by any Register or Lift of Tickets whatever, other than such Numerical Register or Lift, or such Numerical Lift of each Day's Drawing, or a true Copy thereof as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons keeping or causing to be kept any Register or Lift of Tickets in the said Lotteries, shall give, or cause or procure to be given, any Notice or Information whatever, to any Person or Persons of the Order, Course, Priority, or Time of Day of drawing any Ticket or Tickets, except such Benefit Tickets as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; to be recovered and levied as any Penalty of five Pounds for pubi-lishing any List or Register of Numbers contrary to the Provisions of this Act*, may be recovered and levied^and every such Register or Lift or Copy as aforesaid, made contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Con (table or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Commimoners of the Stamp Duties in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and may, by his or their Order in Writing, direct the same to be detained, or otherwise, if he or they shall think fit, to be destroyed.

44 On Complaint on Oath of Offences against 27 G. 3. c. 1. whereby the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorize Persons to break open Houses, &c. Persons discovered in such Houses M concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions shall be punished as Rogues. Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal Transactions shall be deemed Rogucff. 44 and Vagabonds, §55. [As §37. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — Manner in which Actions for Penalty shall be commenced, §56. [As §38. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.] — Where the Amount of Penalties sued for is not M inserted in Writs, the Defendant shall be served with a Copy of the Process, &c. §57. [As §39. of 41 G. 3. 44 (U.K.) c. 27.J — Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not remove- able by Certiorari* §58. [As §40. of 41 G. 3. (U. Kdj c. 27.] — General Issue, treble Coils, §59. [As {4tm " of G. 3. (U.K.) c. 27.J — Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §60."

44 G. 3. c. 54. Is* $ 36. 49, 50]

Officers, kc. Dull not be deemed Publick Accountants on account of Mo-

ney received under recited A

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to confalulale and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Tcomanry end Volunteers in Great Britain, and to male further Regulations relating thereto, certain Sums of Money are clireded to be paid to the Commanding or other Officers of or Persons belonging to Corps or Troops or Companies of Yeomanry and

Volunteers, in the several Cases in the said Act specified, to be by such Officers or other Persons paid, applied, and accounted for, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein directed : ' Now, be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual' and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai no Officer or other Person belonging to any Corps or Troop or Company of Yeomanry of Volunteers, shall be deemed a Publick Accountant or Sub-accountant, by reason of any Monies which have been issued or shall be issued to, or received by him, by virtue of the said recited Act.

CAP. XCV.

43 O.3. c. 55.

Provision In re-eitedAtf (§*>.) to taking 1

An Act to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, to enable his Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An. Ad to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War> and for indemnifying Persons who may fufter in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose, rrovision is made for the taking of Ground wanted for the publick Service, and for putting his Majesty into Possession thereof, and for ascertaining the Compensation to be made for the Possession or Use thereof during the Time for which the same may be required for the publick Service: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Provision of the said Act extends to the purchasing or taking any Lands or Hereditaments for permanent Purposes; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that Provision should be made for enabling his Majesty to purchase and take any Lands or Hereditaments necessary for the erecting of Fortifications, Batteries, Lines, and other Military Works or Barracks, Military Hospitals, and other Buildings necessary for the publick Service in the Defence of the Realm be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with \hc Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Provision of the said Act of the forty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign shall be and the

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 95.

the same is hereby repealed, feve and except as to any Commission or Commissions before the passing of this Act granted by his Majesty, or the Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland, to any General Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, under the said Provision of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Commission granted by his Majesty, or the Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Irelandbefore the passing of this Act, shall be and continue in force for the Purposes of this Act; and all such General Officers and other Persons in the said Commission or Commissions named shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as if such Commission or Commissions had been granted after the passing thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being in Ireland, from Time to Time to authorize any General Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons commissioned for that Purpose, to survey and mark out any Lands or Grounds wanted for the publick Service, and to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person or Persons interested therein, either for the absolute Purchase thereof for the publick Service, or for the Possession or Use thereof, during such Time as the Exigence of the publick Service shall require.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators, or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of, or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments required for the publick Service, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Persons beyond the Seas, or others wife incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree with such General Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, either for the absolute Sale of such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Grant of any Lease, either for any Term of Yeare certain therein, or for such Period as the Exigence of the publick Service shall require, and to convey, surrender, demise, or grant the same to such General Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, in trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, accordingly; and all such Contracts, Sales, Conveyar ces, Surrenders, Leases, and Agreements, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, orbeconftrued to extend, to affect or annul any Proceedings that may have been had, or that may be now pending, under the said recited Act, in relation to any Ground required for the publick Service, or to extend to any Contract or Agreement made before the passing of this Act in relation to any such Ground, otherwise than for the Purpose of applying the Powers and Provisions thereof to the enabling all Parties thereto to carry the feme into Euedt, in cale such Powers shall be necessary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bodies or other Persons hereby authorized to contract on Behalf of themselves or others as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so marked out and surveyed for the publick Service, shall, for the Space of fourteen Days next after Notice in Writing subscribed by such General Officer, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body, or to such other Persons hereby authorized to contract on Behalf of others, or interested themselves as aforesaid, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, refuse or decline to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing with such General Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept such Sum of Money a9 shall be offered by such Officer or other Person a9 the Consideration for the absolute Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or such annual Rent or Sum as shall be offered for the Hire thereof, either for a Time certain, or for such Period as the Exigence of the publick Service may require, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such General Officer or other Person, lo authorized by his Majesty, or by such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor as aforesaid, to require two or more Justices of the Peace, or three or more Deputy Lieutenants (one of whom shall be a Justice of the Peace) or two or more Deputy Governors for the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, where such Lands, or Hereditaments shall oe, to put his Majesty's Officers into immediate Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, which such Justices, or Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors, are hereby required to do, and shall for that Purpose issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, commanding Possession to be so delivered; and shall also issue their Warrants to the Sheriff of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, wherein such Lands or Hereditaments shall be situate, to summon a Jury; and every such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to summon and return a Jury, properly qualified, of the Number of twenty-four, and in the Manner required by the Laws of England, Ireland, and Scotland respectively, who shall meet at some convenient Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, out of whom a Jury of twelve shall be drawn, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in his Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin are drawn by Law in England and Ireland respectively, and in such Manner as Juries are drawn by Law for the Trial of Offences in Scotland; and in case a sufficient Number shall not appear, the said Sheriff mall choose ethers of the Bye-danders, or that can speedily be procured, being qualified as aforesaid, and the said Jurymen may be challenged by the Parties on either Side, but not the Array; and the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants, or Governors respectively, may summon Witnesses, and adjourn any such Meeting, if Jurymen or Witnesses do not attend; and the Jury, on hearing any Witnesses and Evidence that may be produced, shall, on their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths of such Witnesses, the said Justices, Deputy Lieutenants, or Governors, respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer), find the Compensation, to be paid either for the absolute Purchase of such Lands or Hereditaments, or for the Possession or Use thereof, as the Gale may be.

Z a VII. Pm,

*7*

Ground forth* Publick Service repealed; but

Commissions heretofore granted shall continue in force.

His Majesty,

Sec. may author-rire Persons to survey and mark out Lands, and treat for the Purchase or PoffefGon thereof.

Bodies Politick, Sec. may agree for the Sale of such Lands, Sec.

Act shall not zSeft Proceedings had or pending under recited Act.

In Default of treating, or where the Parties do not agree, the Persons authorised by his Majesty may require two Justices,

Sc c. to put his Majesty's Officers in Puilelhon,

who shall also summon a July to value the Premises.

172 c. 95.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Appeal may be s made to the Courts of Exchequer or Session, if either Party is dissatisfied with the Verdi A of the J ury, and a new Jury summoned to give a Verdict at the Assizes. Icc.

Juries may ascertain the Proportion to be paid out of Com pen fat ion for Lands to JLeflees, &c.

Courts may require the Party to give Security for Calls.

Lands shall not betaken with >ut Con font of the Owners, except in case of actual invasion, &c.

Erections on Lands, taken for a temporary Purpose, shall he removed before the Lands are restored to the Owner, and Compensation

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or Officers, for whose Department of publick Service such Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken, or any Person interested therein, shall be dissatisfied with the Verdict of any such Jury, it shall be lawful for them or their Attornies, in England and Ireland^ to apply to the Court of Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin respectively, in the Term next, and, in Scotland, to apply, within fourteen Days after the finding any such Verdict, to the Court of Session in Scotland in Time of Session, or Lord Ordinary on the Bills in Time of Vacation, and to suggest to the said Courts or Lord Ordinary respectively, that they have reason to be dissatistied with such Verdict, and forthwith give Notice thereof to the Officer or Party (as the Case may be) and thereupon, in England and Ireland, the Proceedings that shall have been had, and the Verdict of such Jury, shall be returned into the said Courts of Exchequer respectively; and if it shall appear to the said Courts to be proper, such Suggestion shall be entered on such Proceedings as aforesaid, and a Writ shall thereupon, by Rule of such Court, or Order of any Judge of such Court, be directed to the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, or if the same shall lie in two Counties, to the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon either a Common or Special Jury, according to the Application that shall have been made in that Behalf, and as the Court or as such Judge shall allow, ana who shall respectively be qualified according to Law, to appear before the said Justice or Justices of Assize or Nisi Prius of that County, at the next Assizes or Sittings of Nisi Prius, if the same shall not happen sooner than twenty-one Days after such Suggestion, otherwise at the next succeeding Affixes or Sittings; and the Compensation to be paid either for the absolute Purchase, or for the Possession or Use of such Lands or Hereditaments (as the Case shall be) shall, at such Assizes or Sittings, be ascertained by such Jury, in like Manner as any Damages may be enquired of upon any Inquisition or Enquiry of Damages, by any Jury, before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, and the Verdict of such Jury shall be returned to the said Court of Exchequer, and shall be final and conclusive; and in Scotland, if it shall appear proper to the said Court of Session or Lord Ordinary, upon such Application so to do, the said Court or Lord Ordinary shall order and direct the Sheriff of the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, or if the same shall lie in two Counties, to the Sheriff of either of such Counties, to summon another Jury in the Manner in which Juries are summoned in Scotland, properly qualified according to Law, to appear before the Lords or Lord of Justiciary at the next Circuit, if the same shall not happen sooner than twenty-one Days after such Application, otherwise at the next succeeding Circuit, and the Compensation as aforesaid for the Lands or Hereditaments (as the Case shall be) shall at such Circuit be ascertained by a Jury drawn from the Jury summoned as aforesaid, in such Manner as Juries are drawn in Scotland, under the Direction of the said Lords or Lord of Justiciary aforesaid; and the Verdict of such last mentioned Jury shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Review or Challenge of any Kind, unless the Court that shall have allowed such Enquiry shall think fit, on any Application made within four Days after the Commencement of the succeeding Term or Session, if in Scotland, to order any new Trial in relation thereto.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Jury" impannelled before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Governor, or before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, to ascertain the Compensation to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments under this Act, and they are hereby required to ascertain and settle the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation, to any Persons having any Interest as Lesseesor Tenants at Will or otherwise in any such Lands or Hereditaments, and the Proportion to be paid out of such Compensation shall be returned on the Verdict: Provided also, that where any such Enquiry before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius shall be had on the Application of any such Lessee or Tenant at Will, or other Perloq having any inferior Interest in any such Lands or Hereditaments who may have been dissatisfied with the Proportion of Compensation settled by the Jury to be paid in respect of such Interest, it shall not be lawful for the Jury in any such Case to alter the Amount of the entire Compensation awarded by any former Verdict to be paid for such Lands or Hereditaments, but only the Proportion thereof to be paid to the Person or Persons having separate Interests therein; and it shall not be lawful for any Jury on any Enquiry had before any Judge of Assize or Nisi Prius, as to any such Compensation, on the Application of any such Officer as aforesaid, in any Case in which the whole Compensation awarded by them shall be the same as the whole Compensation awarded by the former Jury, to alter the Proportion that shall have been settled by any such former Jury as to any separate Interests in any such Lands or Hereditaments.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court, or Judge, or Lord Ordinary, making any such Rule or Order, to require that the Party, on whose Application the same shall be made, shall give such Security as shall, to such Court, Judge, or Lord Ordinary, seem proper for Payment of Costs, under such Circumstances as shall be specified in any Rule or Order made for that Purpose.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Lands or Hereditaments shall be so taken for the publick Service without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, or of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, acting for or on the Behalf of the Owner or Owners thereof, unless the Necessity or Expediency of taking the same shall be first certified by the Lord Lieutenant, or two of the Deputy Lieutenants, or by the Governor or two Deputy Governors of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, in which such Lands or Hereditaments lie, or unless the Enemy shall have actually invaded the United Kingdom at the Time when such Lands or Hereditaments shall be so taken.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken under the said Provision of the said recited Act, or shall be taken under the Provisions of this Act, for any Term of Years, or for such Period only as the Exigency of the publick Service shall require, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, in the Departments of publick Service for the Use of which such Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken, at any Time before the Possession thereof shall be delivered up to the Owner or Owners thereof, or other Person or Persons acting on hi$t. her, or their Behalf, to take down, and remove all such Buildings or other Erections which shall or

may

A.D. 1804. 44* 0GEORGII HI. C. 95.

may have been built or erected thereon, for the publick Service, after the same was so taken as aforesaid, and to carry away the Materials thereof, making such Compensation to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Hereditaments, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her, or their Behalf, for the Damage or Injury which may have been done thereto, or to the Soil thereof, by the Erection of any such Buildings, or otherwise, in confrquence of the same having been occupied for the publick Service, as such Officer or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid shall think reasonable, and as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf; and if such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her, or their Behalf, shall not be willing to accept the Compensation so offered, it shall be lawful for such Officer or other Person or Persons so authorized as aforesaid, to apply to and require two Justices of the Peace, of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City, or Place, to settle and ascertain the Compensation which ought to be made for such Damage or Injury as aforesaid, and such Justices shall settle and ascertain the same accordingly, and shall grant a Certificate thereof; and the Amount of such Compensation, so settled, and ascertained, and certified, shall forthwith be paid by the Treasurer, Accountant, or other proper Officer for the Time being, of the Office or Department for the Use of which such Lands or Hereditaments shall have been taken, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, prejudice, or affect any Agreement which hath been or shall or may be entered into by any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, with any Owner or Owners of any such Lauds or Hereditaments, or other Person or Persons acting on his, her, or their Behalf, in relation to any such Buildings or Erections, but every such Agreement shall remain valid and effeduil, in like Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any annual Rent or Sum shall be awarded by the Vtrdift of a Jury, as the Compensation for the Possession or Use of any Lands or Hereditaments, during the Time for which the same shall be required for the publick Service, such Verdict shall be certified by the Justices, or Deputy Lieutenants or Deputy Governors aforesaid, to the Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County, Riding, City, or Place in England, or to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, or to the Collector of his Majesty's Revenues for Districts in Ireland, where such Lands or Hereditaments lie, which Receiver General or Collector shall, out of any Money in his Elands, from Time to Time pay such Compensation to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as by such Verdict shall be directed: And where any Money or other Consideration shall have been or shall be agreed, or shall have been or shall be found by the Verdict of any Jury, to be paid or given for the absolute Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments taken by virtue of this Act, belonging to any such Body, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the same shall be paid or transferred by the Treasurer, Accountant, or other proper Officer for the Time being of the Office or Department, for the Use of which such Lands or Hereditaments shall be taken, into the Hands or into the Name of the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively for the Time being, for the Use and Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands or Hereditaments, who is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept, and to give a Dischargcfor the fame, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively, under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Monty or other Consideration was received or accepted by, and paid or transferred to him in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Owners or Proprietors who shall be named and described in such Certificate, and the said Certificate shall be filed or drpofited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively; and a true Copy thereof, figr.ed by the Deputy Remembrancer of such Court, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby required, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the same into the Bank of England, or Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Ireland, as the Case may require; and immediately* upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate, the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become vested in the General Officer or other Person marking out the same for the publick Service, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin, of the Degree of the Coif for the Time being respectively, or any two or more of them, shall be and they are htreby authorized and empowered, in a summary Way* upon Motion or by Petition, for and on Behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the Deputy Remembrancer, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Money or any Part of the fame, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Publick Funds, or upon Government or real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, as the said Lands and Hereditaments so taken flood settled, at the Time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, as near as the same can be done or otherwise concerning the disposing of the said Money, and any Part thereof, and the Interest of the fame, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons entitled to and interested in the same respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes, as the said Court shall think jull and reasonable.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Removal of any such Deputy Remembrancer, all Stocks and Securities vested in him by virtue of this Act, shall vest in the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer, for the Purposes herein before mentioned, without any Argument or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the said

173

diall be made for the Injury done.

In case of Disagreement, Compensation shall he settled by two Justices.

Act shall not nfft<51any Agreement between the Parties.

Where an annual Rem shall he awarded, the Verdict shall he certified to the Receiver General, See. who shall pay the same.

Purchase Money payable to Corporations, See. shall be paid to the Deputy Remembrancer, who shall certify the lame to the Courts of Exchequer, Stc.

Courts shall give Diidlivns as to the Application 01 the Money.

On Death or

Rrmoval of the Deputy Remembrancer,

174

Money and Securities shall vest in his Successor.

Where no Deputy Remembrancer, his Powers (hill vest in the Principal.

44 G. 3. c. 56.

43 G. 3. c. roi.

Recited Act 44 G. 3- c. 56. shall not extend to apportioning Men or raising Rates in London. Number of Men i6oq, and the Proportions to be raised by each Ward.

said Banks respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remembrancer at his Death or Removal, and not vested in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the Time being.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any case the King's Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such Case the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, by this Act vested in the said Deputy Remembrancer and his Successors, shall, during such Time as no Deputy Remembrancer shall be appointed, be veiled in, and be executed by the said King's Remembrancer for the Time being.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia cf England: so far as the same relates to the City of London.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England: And whereas the City of London is»

' by ancient Charter, exempt from raising Men for Military Service, but have heretofore voluntarily raised

their proportionate Number of Men for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas an Act passed for that Purpose in the last Session of Parliament, inritultd, An Act for raising in the City of London a certain Number of Meny as an Addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the IVar: And whereas it is expedient that the Rights and

Privileges of the said City should be preferred; but the said City are, nevertheless, desirous of raising their full Proportion of Men for the Defence of the Realm: And whereas, by reason of the Division of the said City into Wards, and the Regulations of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, the Provisions of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament are not applicable to the raising of Men, or levying of Money'4 for Fines, for any Default in the said City: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, nothing in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the apportioning of the Men to be raised by the said City among any of the Parishes in the said City, or to the Mode of raising or levying any Rates for the Payment of any Fines arising from any Defaults therein; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the one thousand six hundred M*n, to be raised by virtue of this Act within the said City of London, shall be raised and provided by the several Wards of the City, and the Liberties and Precincts within the same, in the Proportions following; that is to say,

By the Wards of

Aldersgate Within and Saint Martin's le Grand twenty-four Men;

Aldersgate Without twenty-eight Men 3 Aldgate eighty Men;

BaJ/isshaw sixteen Men;

Bulingfgate fifty-six Men

Bishopsgate Within fifty-eight Men 5 Bishopsgate Without sixty-ux Men;

Bread Street thirty-two Men; )

Bridge thirty-four Men 5 Broad Street sixty-six Men:

Candlewick twenty-eight Men 5 Castle Baynard fifty-eight Men;

Cheap fifty-eight Men 5 Coleman Street forty eight Men;

Cordwainer thirty Men;

Comhill forty-eight Men 5 Cripple gate Within fifty-eight Men 5 Crtpplegate Without forty-eight Men;

Dowqatc thirty-six Men;

Famngdon Within one hundred and twelve Men;

Farringdon Without two hundred and fifty-six Men;

Langbourn eighty-eight Men 5 Lime Street twenty-eight Men 5 Portsoken sixty Men 5 Ouecnbithe twenty-eight Men;

"Tower eighty-eight Men 5 Vintry thirty-two Men;

Walbrook thirty-six Men.

V

A.D. 1804. 44. GEORGII III. C. 96 — 98. 175

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Men raised and now serving under the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall go in Diminution of the Number of Men required in the respective Wards for which they are so serving, allowed

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the raising and completing the said Number of Men, all Men to be hereafter raised in the City of London, for such additional Force shall from Time to Time be apportioned among the several Wards in the said City by the Comir.issioners of Lieutenancy of the said City, and shall be raised under Provisions, and according to the Rules and Regulations contained in the Lid recited Act of this Session of Parliament,

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Default arising within the said City of London, or in any of the Wards thereof, the Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the said City shall and they are hereby authorized to assess the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Man that shall be deficient, and shall order and direct that such Fines shall be raised, assessed, and levied in such Wards as shall have made Default.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Fines shall be assessed and raised, collected and levied*, in the said several Wards of the said City, according to such Powers, Provisions, Rules, and Regulations as are contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, in relation to the levying and assessing of any Sum of Money for the raising of Men under the said Act; and all such Fines, when collected, shall be paid to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the said City, to be by him paid in and accounted for, according to the Order of the Secretary at War or his Deputy; and all Person9 authorized and required by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament to raise any Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, who shall. refuse or neglect to assess, raise, levy, or collect any Money required by this Act to be raised for the Payment of any Fines, shall be liable to the Provisions in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament contained for the enforcing the Payment of such Fines.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies raised under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, in any of the Wards of the said City, and not applied to the Purposes of the said Act before the passing of this Act, shall go and be applied in such respective Wards, if the lame shall become necessary, towards the Payment of any Sum of Money required to be raised under this Act, as Fines for any Defaults in saifing Men in such respective Wards.

VIII. Provided always, That in every case in which it shall become necessary to raise any such Sum of Money for any Fines under this Act, in any Ward in which any Sum of Money shall have been assessed under the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and in which any Part of any such Assessment shall not have been fully raised, levied, and collected, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Persons authorized to collect and levy any such Sum of Money under the said Act, to levy and collect all such Sums of Money for the Purpose of this Act, or the Payment of any Fines as aforesaid.

Powers of 43 G. 3. c. 101. aiuKMilitia Act 36 G. 3. c. 92. extended to this Act, §9. — Act 44 G. 3. c. ^or this Act, shall not prejudice the Rights of the City, f 10. [See 43 G. 3. c. 191, §17.] — Publick Act, §11."

Men serving under 43 G. 3. c. 101 shall be under this Act. Men to be raised shall be apportioned among the Wards, bco.

Fine of 201. for each Man not provided.

Fines shall be levied as under

43 G. 3. c. 101. and be paid to Receiver General.

Officers neglecting to a fiefs shall be liable to Provisions of

44 G. 3. c.

Monies raised under 43 G. 3. c. 101. shall be apojitd to this Act.

Arrears of Assessments under recited Act and Fines under this may be collected together.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds Trip Currency, by Treasury Bills* for the Service of Ireland^ for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[28th July 1804.3*[6><r 43 Geo. 3. c. 114. for Form of a ftmilar Act.3

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties, upon Ramped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in liea thereof.

[28th July 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several Rates and Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment-, and Paper, and upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, arc

become very numerous, intricate, and complicated, and it will tend to give Facility to Business, and contri-

bute materially to the publick Benefit to consolidate and Amplify the same 5' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of Oftoler One thousand eight hundred and four, all and Angular the Duties, Allowances, Dif-counts, Compensations, and Drawbacks of Stamp Duties, and other Duties under the Care of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, fl all cease and determine save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four): Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to repeal, or in any wise alter, the Duties or Drawbacks granted by an Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And whereas the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray the Expences of the jud and necessary War in which your Majesty is engaged,

6 4 have

From 0<ft. rof 1804, the Duties, Dif-counts, Allowances, and Drawbacks of Stamps Hull, ctafe.

Act shall not -jiffeft Duties, bec. under Union Act 39 be 4c G. 3. C. 67.

176

From Oct. iot 1804, ihe Duties and Allowances or Drawbacks in the annexed Schedules shall be pa d and allowed in lieu olTormer Duties.

Act shall not make void any Licence before granted, except Licences lor Stage Coaches.

Allowance for unexpired Term of such Licences.

Ait shall not make void any Cm trait for farming the Post Horse Duties.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioneri for Stamps, who may employ Officers, allow Salaries, provide Stamps, ice.

Commissioners may issue, and Persons mayufe. Parchment, &c. Damped before Oil. 10, 1804, with Sumps to a sufficient Amount.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks; and Provisions of former Aits, except hereby altered, extended to this Act.

C. 98. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

+have resolved to grant to your Majesty several new and additional and other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and upon other Articles and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, in lieu and instead of the said Duties respectively by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in England, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters, and Things, mentioned, enumerated, and described in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Column of the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.),

intituled, " England and that there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in like Manner in Scotland, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Column of the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.), intituled, " Scotland;and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of all such Articles, Malters, or Things, as are inserted, enumerated, and described in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, the several Allowances, Drawbacks, or Sums of Money, as the same arc respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule marked (C.)

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Licence or Licences granted under or by virtue of any Law or Laws relating to his Majt fly's Stamp Duties, in force before or on the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, or to require or compel any Person, to whom any such Licence shall have been granted, to renew or take out any fresh Licence until the End and Expiration of the Term for which any Licence was granted; save and except all such Licences a3 may or shall have been granted under the Authority aforesaid, to any Person or Persons for employing any publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for manage ing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and they are hereby directed and required, to deduct and allow, to such Persons respectively as shall pay the Duties by this Act imposed on Licences for keeping or employing publick Stage Coaches or Carriages for the Purpose of carrying raflengers for Hire, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and three-pence for each and every entire Quarter of a Year which may remain unexpired of the Term of any former Licence granted to any such Persons respectively for the like Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to annul or make void any Contract or Agreement, made or entered into by his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, under or by virtue of any Law or Laws in force before or on the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, for letting to Farm the Rates and Duties on Horses let to Hire, for travelling Poll, and by Time; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the Duties by this Act granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide such Marks, Stamps, or Dies, in order to denote any of the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act, whenever they fee Occasion, to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for the Purpose of denoting the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter or renew the same respectively from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put m Execution any Law or Laws concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and they are hereby authorized to issue any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped before the tenth Day of October with any Stamp or Mark denoting any Duty of like Amount, with any of the Duties specified in the said Schedule; or for any Persons, having in their Possession any such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to issue, use, or apply the fame, in like Manner as if the same had been damped with Stamps or Dies expressly provided under the Authority of this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules marked ( A.)and (B.) as Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the several Allowances, Drawbacks, and Sums of Money, for or in respect of the several Articles, Matters, and Things inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule marked (C.) shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the former Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper respectively, and the Allowances and Drawbacks under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the several Persons, and also all Vellum, Parchment, Paper, or other Material of what Nature or Kind soever, upon which any Matter or Thing shall be written, printed or ingrossed, and by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of Duty, and also the several other Articles, Matters, and Things, by this Act respectively made liable to the payment of Duty, or which shall be entitled to any Allowance or Drawback as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules, marked (A.), (B.), and (C.), shall be, and the same are hereby made, except where any Alteration

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 98. 17?

is qcpreMy utode by this Act, subjsft sad liable to all and efcrf the Conditions, Regulatiotis, Rules, and Restridioaft, to which such Persons and slid such Velkira, Parchment, Paper, or other Material cff what Motors or Kind foeresr, upon which any such Matter or Thing as aforesaid shall be written, printed, or in* grossed, and other Articles, Matters, and Things as aforesaid, were generally or specially subject and liable by toy Ad or Ada of Parliament in force before or on the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, respecting the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper $ and all and every P^in, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act), for any Offence whatsoever, committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, before or on the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, for securing the Dutkff under the Management of the said Commissioners of damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or for the Regulation or Improvement of the said Duties, and the ferersu Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions,

Matters and Things therein contained, (unkfs where expressly altered by this Act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put into Execution, for and in nefped of the several Duties by this Act charged, imposed, and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purpefca whatsoever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions,

Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the BodyofthfeAd.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause Pcif#n«co»mtei-or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp, or Die, which shall be provided, made, or used in feiiing Stamps pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or resembled, £c. guilty of the impression of any such Mark, Stamp, or Die, upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, or other Material, Wlt 0lH

or upon any other Matter or Thing, or the impression of the Stamp or Die, upon any Vellum, Parchment, y % or Paper, allowed to be issued, used, or applied under the Authority of this Act, thereby to defraud his Majesty* his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties by this Act charged or imposed, or if any Person or Persons shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper* or other Material, or other Matter or Thing, with such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or impression thereupon, knowing such Mark, Stamp, or impression to be forged or counterfeit, every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law* shall be judged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred Ns A6iont for

and four, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter, or file, dull

or cause or procure to be Commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, but

in wr of his Majesty's Courts, ot before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrate or Magistrate* -ln Name of the whatsoever, again (I any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, made or Attorney Gene-iocunedby virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to his Majesty's Stamp Duties* or r»l in England, any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, Advocate and Paper, for the Time being, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed in the Name of fom/officer of htt. Majesty's Attorney General, or his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, as the Case may be, in England or the stamp Scotland respectively, or in the Name of the Solicitor or some other Officer of his Majesty's Stamp Duties m Duties, England or Scotland respectively; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than is or are in that Behalf before-mentioned, the feme, and every Proceeding thereupon had, are hereby declared, and the feme shall be

null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no single Inftrament, Article, Matter, or Thing, which by this Act is 'rumeT* subject or liable to only one specifick Duty, shall be charged or chargeable under any two or more Separate and

distinct Heads or Denominations 5 any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the be charged contrary m anywise notwithstanding. under separat*

XXI. And whereas by an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King Heads.

George the third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties on AdvertiJ'ements, and 10 G. 3. 28.

certain Dkties on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of §

DistributionSf or the Custom of any Province or Place; by one other Act, made in the twenty-third Year

4 or his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional and new Duties upon3 G. 3. c. 58.

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and also for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties; and by §U<1

one other Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for90.3. c. 51.

granting Jo his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on »*, ecite<1*

Receiptfr for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Diflrihutions; certain Duties charged Duties are charged upon Receipts or other Discharges for and in respect of Legacies given or bequeathed recited Acts by or derived from Persons who died previous to the twenty-seventh Day of April One thousand seven hun- deri^fmm

dred and ninety-six: And whereas it is expedient to continue the said Duties on Receipts or Discharges for rcrfons

and in respect of such Legacies so given or bequeathed by or derived from Persons who died previous to the died previous t# 4 said twenty-seventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for and during the Term of April 27,

two Years, from the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four : Be it therefore enacted, Co"lVJucdor

Thafc the said Duties on Legacies, given or bequeathed by or derived from Persons who died previous to the 10^1/04? twenty-seventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall be and remain payable, and shall be paid to and for the Uic of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and during the said Term of two Years, from and after the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that, from and after the Expiration of two Years from and after the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and 1

four, every such Receipt or other Discharge for or in respect of any Legacy given or bequeathed by or derived Geo. III. - A a from

fnscriptions shall be painted on Stage Coachet, distin* guishing Number of In tide Passenger*.

Penalty for Neglect, or carrying more than the speci-bed Number, sol.

Certain Persons only flull draw Conveyances, <cc. on Penalty of 50b

Exceptions.

Duty of 5s. on

Warrants to commence Suits, Uc. may. be charged by Solicitors, Sic. Vnotwithstanding

15 G. 3. c. 80.

§t.

And Stamps snny be exchanged within 12 Months after this Act.

Commissioners juay exchange Stamps lpoiicd upon satis* factory Proof. [S'f* 5 G. 3.

4^- § J9-]

No Stamp Duty on Volunteer Commissions.

C. 98. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

From any Person whatever, whether such Persons shall have died previous to or since the twenty.seventh Day of April One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall he, and the same is hereby made subject most liable to the respect ive Duties on Receipts or other Discharges for Legacies mentioned, inserted, and set forth in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be duly licensed to keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage, with two or more Wheels, by what Name soever the same is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, shall, and he, she, or they, is and are respectively directed and required to paint, or cause to be painted, on the Out side of each Door of each such Carriage, or on some other conspicuous Part thereof, in legible Letters or Characters, of at least two Inches in Length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which- the same are painted, the Words " Licensed to carry not exceeding four, fix, eight, ten, " or more Passengers, as the Licence obtained for such Carriages respectively shall specify or express; and if any Person or Penons shall employ or make use of any such Carriage as aforesaid for carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, without having the said Words painted on the Outside of each Door of such Carriage, or in such other conspicuous P*rt thereof, and in such Manner as is herein-before directed, or shall at any Time carry' more Inside Passengers (Children in Lap exceptedj than shall be specified or exp re fled in the Licence for using fudh Carriage, and the Words so painted on the Outside of such Doors or other conspicuous Part of such Carriage, every Person so offending (nail, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lofc the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, direct, or indirectly, draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to, any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, other than and except Serjeants at Law, Barristers, Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Prodors, Agents, or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates, and Special Pleaders, Draftsmen in Equity, and Conveyancers, being Members of one oT the four Inns of Court, and having taken out the Certificates, mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, at the Head Office in London, of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and other than and except Persons solely employed to ingross any Deed, Instrument, or other Proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves and for their own^Account respectively, and other than and except publick Officers drawing or preparing official Instruments applicable to their respective Offices, and in the Course of their Duty, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or Persons drawing or prepaiing an7 Will or other Testamentary Papers, or any Agreement not under Seal, or any Letter of Attorney.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, charging in his Bill or Bill of Fees, Charges, or Difbuifemeitts, the Amount of the Duty of five Shillings by this Act granted on Warrants, Mandates, Authorities, Minutes, or Memorandums, given to commence, carry on, or defend, any Suit or Prosecution; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas it may happen that Stationers and other Persons may, after the passing of this Act>

' have Stamps which have not been used, and which, from the Alterations herein made, may not be applicable to the Purposes for which they were originally intended; and it is expedient that such Stationers and other*Persons should be allowed to exchange the same for other Stamps; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and they are hereby authorized and required, at any Time within twelve Months after the passing of this Act, to deliver to such Persons as shall apply for the fame, in Exchange for Stamps which by the Alterations in this Act made may have become ufelcls or inapplicable to the Purposes for which they were originally intended, such other Stamps as the Party or Parties applying shall require, without regard to the Value or Amount of each Stamp returned, so as the Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps to be delivered doth not exceed the actual Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps returned; any Thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties to exchange, in the Manner and under the special Circumstances mentioned in an Act, made 10 the firth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the 'Stamp Duties upon Admis-Jtons into Corporations or Companies, and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties tn Great Britain, any

Stamps which shall have been spoiled, whether the Instrument on which the Stamp is or may be impressed shall have been executed or not, upon such Proof on Oath, or solemn Affirmation in the Case of the People called Quakers, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, as they shall require 5 and, in order to prevent any fraudulent Claims that may be made in respect of the Allowance hereby granted, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Rules and Orders for regulating the Methods, and limiting the Times, for cancelling or allowing other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in lieu of such as have been by any Means spoiled, damaged, or rendered unfit for Use, and which have not been actually made use of for the Purposes intended, as they shall find necessary and convenient for effectually securing the Duties under their Management, and doing Justice to the Parties claiming the Benefit of such Indulgence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Stamp Duty whatever shall be chargeable or charged, or payable or paid, for or in respect of any Commissions granted to any

Officers

i?9

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 98.

Officer? of the Yeomanry Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry; any Thing in any Act of Parliament fb the contrary notwithstanding. x

XIX. And be it farther enacted, That nothing in this Act contained' shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with any Duty by this Act imposed, any Proceedings whatever with respect to any Person or Persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend m forma Pauperii, nor any Proceedings of any Court Martial which relate to any Trial of any common Soldier, nor any Orders* Decrees, or Proceedings before any Commissioners of Sewers, or in the Court of Stanneries, nor any Instruments, Matters, or Things, which, by virtue of the Acts passed in his present Majesty's Reign relating to the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, or any of them, are specially exempted from Stamp Duties; any Thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained.to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money exceeding the Sum of twenty Pounds, (fare and except Promissory Notes or other Notes for the Payment by or on account of the Bank of Scotland, br. Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British linen Company, to the Bearer on Demand, of the Sum of one hundred Pounds, ) shall be reissued on any Pretence whatever; but when and as soon as any such Note for the Payment of any Sum of Money exceeding twenty Pbuods* &ve and except such Note for one hundred Pounds as aforesaid, shall be paid by or under the Order or Adgjhprity of the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same was ligned, or his, her, or their ExgiKjlors, Administrators, or Assigns, or in pursuance of any Direction, Nomination, or Appointment for the Payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon any such Note, the same shall be taken and con* (trued to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable or transfer-. able to way Intent or Purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled 5 and if any Person or Persons shall issue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be issued, uttered, or negociated, any such Promissory Note or other Note after any such Payment thereof as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons, by whom such Payment as aforesaid shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to cancel the fame, or cause the same to be cancelled, every such Person or Persons so offending (nail, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money to aoy Amount whatever to the Bearer on Demand, which may now by Law be reissued, and which shall bear Date, or which shall have been issued before or on the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, shall, on any Pretence whatever, be reissued after the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fire; but when and as soon as any such Note shall, after the said tenth Day of October One thousand right hundred and five, be paid by or under the Authority of the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Behalf or on whole Account the same was signed, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or in pur-faance.of any Direction, Nomination, or Appointment for the Payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon any such Note, the same shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisfied, and shall be no longer negociated or transferable to any Intent or Purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the said tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, issue, utter, or negociate, or cause to be issued, uttered, or negociated, any such Promissory or other Note as aforesaid, after any such Payment thereof as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons by whom such Payment as aforesaid shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to cancel the fame, or cause the same to be cancelled, ctsry such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Newspaper, or Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, shall be printed in Great Britain, to be difoerfed and made publick, ou any Paper exceeding thirty-two Inches in Length and twenty-two Inches in Breadth; nor shall the Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Stamp Duties mark or (hunp, or cause or suffer to be marked or stamped, with the Stamp for denoting the Duty on Newspapers, any Paper of a larger Size than thirty-two Inches in Length and twenty-two Inches ia Breadth; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise aotwith&^oding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand eight hun-

v dred and four, all Executors, Administrators, and nearest in Kin, Creditors or others, who intromit with or

Sinter upon the Possession or Management of all or aoy of the personal or moveable Estate or Eft'eds of any Cteceased Person in Scotland, shall, on or before dispoiing of or distributing any Part of such Effects, or uplifting any Debts due to the Deceased, and at all Events within six Calendar Months next after having assumed such Possession or Management in Whole or in Part, and before any such Person or Persons shall be confirmed Executor or Executors Testamentary, or Executor or Executors Dative, exhibit upon Oath, in the proper Con ft do rial Court called the Comm'fptry Court, a full and complete Inventory of such Estate and Effects, either already recovered or known to be existing, distinguishing whether situated in Scotland or elsewhere, likewise any Will or other Writing relative to the Disposal of such Estate or Effects, or any Part of them, which the Person or Persons exhibiting such Inventory may have Acceft to; and the said Inventory, together with the Will or other Writing, f if any such there be) shall be recorded in the Books of the said Court, without any other Expence to the Party than the ordinary Fees of Registration, and without Prejudice to the Laws of Scotland\ in other respects regarding total or partial Confirmations, or the Rules of Socceflion there established, and without Prejudice or increase of the Fees payable upon Confirmations, which shall remain as they are at present; any Thing herein to the contrary not with (landing: And in case at any Period a Discovery mall be made of other Effects belonging to the Deceased, which, on account of their not being known at the Time, were omitted in the said original Inventory, an additional Inventory or Inventories of the same shall, in like Manner, be exhibited upon Oath, and recorded by any Person or Persons intromitting with or assuming the Management thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to exlubit auy fitch, original or additional

Exemption of

Proceedings in Actions in Ibrona Pauperis, Courts Maitul, &c.

No Note payable to Beater ou Demand exceeding 20l. (except Notes lor 100l. of the Bank or Royal Rank of Scotland, or ibe Briuih Linen Company) shall be re-issued, but shall be cancelled on Penalty of sol.

No Note for iny Amount payable to Bearer ou Demand, which shall bear Date before or 0&. 10. 1804, shall be.re-issued alter Oct. 10, 1805, but shall be cancelled on Penalty of 20L

No Netrfpaper shall be printed on Paper aUne 32 Inches long anti 22 broad.

Prom 0£. 10, 1804, Lx teuton, U c. of Pei font deceased in Scotland, shall exhibit upon Onth in the Commi ffaiy Court, an Inventory of thd pet fun.t! Lftalc «md Etfe&s of the Defeated^ tvj^be 1 filtered, cc.

Penabv for Neglect, doubt* the Value >1

i8o

C.

44° GEORGII in.

A.D. 1804.

Duty payable on the Etifeds, or 100l.

Where Instru* ments, except Bills of Exchange, See. have without fraudulent Inten lion been written on improper Stamps, the Cum million ers may remit the Penalty, if brought to be duly damped within twelve Months after Execution.

Receipts may be damped as now allowed.

And all former Allowances (not repealed) may be made.

37 C. 3. c. 90. S , 2»3-

relating to of AdmiiTion.

And also 33 G. 3. c. 85.

Rvpealed.

Duties shall be paid to t'.ic Receiver Genual of St.imp Duties, and by him into the Esciietpier, and carried to the CoufJiciated Fond.

Application of Duties.

Afiei felling apart

3, 077, 4631. 181. (tty average yearly Produce of Duties repealed, Y the Remoijidei shall he deemed

Invent ary, or ffiatl knowingly omit any Part of any such Estate and MVfts therein, every Person so neglecting, or refusing or omitting, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding double the Value of the Stamp Duty payable according to the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, upon the Amount of fetch Estate and Eftefts of which any Inventory ought to have been exhibited in the Manner herein directed, or upon the Sum so omitted therein, nor less than one hundred Pounds for each such Neglect, Refusal, or Omission; to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any Penalty may by this Act be recovered and applied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in any Case where it shall appear to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, upon Oath or Affirmation, to be made before any one or more of the said Commissioners, (which Oath or Affirmation he or they is or are hereby authorized to administer), or otherwise to their Satisfactton, that any Instrument, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, except Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes, Drafts, Orders, or Receipts, required by Law to be ingrossed, printed, or written on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, hath been ingrossed, printed, or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not duly damped with a Stamp of the Value by this Act required, either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity or unavoidable Circumstances, and without any wilful Delay or Intention in any Party or Parties thereto, to evade the Duties by this Act imposed, or to defraud his Majesty thereof, and such Instrument, Matter, and Thing shall be brought to the said Commissioners to be stamped within twelve Months after the making or Execution thereof, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties to remit the Penalty payable on stamping such Instrument, Matter, or Thing, or any Part thereof, as they shall deem expedient; and every Person concerned in ingrofiing, printing, or writing any such Instrument, Matter, or Thing, or in making or executing the fame, shall be, and he or she is hereby freed, discharged, and indemnified from all further Penalties or Forfeitures, than such Penalties or Forfeitures, or such Parts thereof, as shall not be remitted by Order of the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Duties: Provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construtd to extend, to prevent the said Commissioners from stamping any Receipts allowed to be damped, after the lame shall have been written and signed, under such and the like Circumstances, Restrictions, and Regulations, as such Receipts may now be damped: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to make all such Payments and Allowances as are by any Act or Acts now in force, in relation to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or any of those heretofore directed to be made, paid, and allowed by the said Commissioners, and are not by this Act, or the Schedule hereto annexed, varied, altered, or expressly repealed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the federal Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to he taken out by Solicitors, Atiomies, and others prac- fifing in certain Courts of Jufiisein Great Britain, as directs that, in respect of each and every of Tenement of the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum or upwards, mentioned in any Surrender, Admittance, or Copy of Court Ro}l of any Honour or Manor, and each and every Custom Right or Tenant Right Tenement, not being of (of the Value before mentioned), in any Surrender, Admittance, or Instrument of Admittance, whereupon a several Fine shall be due and payable to the Lord or Lady of any Honour or Manor, or a several Fee shall be demanded or received by any Steward or Deputy Steward of such Honour or Manor, a didinft and several Stamp Duty shall be charged according to the Amount of all the Duties imposed thereon by the said Act, or any former Act or Acts in force on or immediately before the passing of the said Act 5 and also so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty upon any Steward or other Officer of any of Court, or of any Customary or Tenant Right Court, for demanding, taking, or receiving any such Fine or Fee as aforesaid, without, at the same Time, demanding and receiving the Stamp Duty in respect of each several and distinct Tenement as aforesaid; and also so much of another Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to tfje Stamp Duties, and for extending the Rater and Duties of Stamps now payable on Vellum, Parclmenf, and Paper, to all other Materials, as relates to the Stamp Duties charged in respect of any Surrender, Admittance, Copy of Court Roll, or Instrument of Admittance of or to any of Tenement, or any Customary or Tenant Right Estate, and as imposes any Penalties upon any Steward or Officer of any of Court, or Customary or Tenant Right Court, in relation to such Duties, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties bj this Act imposed shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raffing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being firtl deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the former Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, were directed to be paid; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and that, at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the said tenth Day of Odder One thousand eight hundred and four, that is to say, on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day July, and the tenth Day of 0&ober> in every Year, there shall be let apart at the said Receipt, out of the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act granted, a Sum of seven hundred sixty-nine thousand three hundred sixty-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and Sixpence, being one-fourth Part of the Sum of three millions seventy-seven thousand four hundred sixty-three Pounds and eighteen Shillings, the average yearly Produce of two Years, ending the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, of the Duties which are by this Act repealed; and that, after setting apart such quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act granted, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Aftt passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament j and, during the Space of ten Years next ensuing, there

& U

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 98.

shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Surplus Monies ariung from the said Rates or Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, except where otherwise expressly directed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Way3, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws in force on or before the tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and four, foe securing and improving his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and from and after the passing of this Act, all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, heretofore imposed or granted by any Act or Acts relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or this Act, shall go and De applied to the Use of liis Maittty, his Heirs and Successors, any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in every Case in which any Part of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, was by any such Act or Acts given to any Informer, to give such Part of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, or any Proportion thereof, as the said Commissioners shall deem expedient, to any Person who may inform for or discover any Offence, in respect of which any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be discovered, or assist in the Recovery thereof.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*.

England.

Scotland.

ARTICLES or Contract whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as a Clerk in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in pursuance of the Laws now in force in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster - — 1

Articles or Contract whereby any Person shall become bound to fern as a Clerk, in order to his Admission as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or in the Counties Palatine of Chester, LancajUry or Durham or in any Court of Record in England, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to forty Shillings or upwards, not being in any of his Majesty's Courts at Wejbnnfler -

Assignment of such Articles or Contract, or new Articles or Contract for the Residue of a Term, occasioned by the Death of any former Master -

Admittance of or Instrument for admitting any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Proctor, or other Officer in any Court whatsoever in England —

Special Exemptions.

Annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value o( £ 10 per Annum in Salaries, Fees, or other Perquisites.

Person actually and legally sworn, admitted, and inrolled to be an Attorney in the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Exchequer, Counties Palatine of Chester, I, ancaster % Durham, or Great Sessions in Wales, not chargeable with any Stamp Duty on his Admittance as Solicitor in any Court or Courts of Equity.

Person actually and legally (worn, admitted, and inrolled to be a Soficttor in any Court of Equity not chargeable with any Stamp Duty on his Admittance as Solicitor in any other Court of Equity.

Person actually and legally sworn, admitted, and inrolled as Solicitor in any of his Majesty's Court of Equity at Westminster y not chargeable with any Stamp Duty on his Admittance as Attorney of the Court of King's or Common Pleas at Westminster.

Certificate to be taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, previous to his commencing or defending any Suit or Prosecution, of his Admission, Inrolment, or Register in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty, or in any of his Majesty's Courts in Scotland the Great Sessions in Walet, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court in Great Britain holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or snore; who shall reside in any of the Inns of Court, or in the Cities of London

£. s. d.

no -

d.

55 --

1 10 — 20---

nr

18*

additional Revenue under this Act.

Fines, &c. may

be recovered as under former Act*, except othervifedi lifted io, )l>u applied to his Majesty's Use, &c.

Informer may bf tewaided.

182

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

o« §14.]

[Or Letters of Attorney

*» 1

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Continued.

Name and Defet iytfon of the InArument; Article, or Thing, on vrhich ilie Duty attache*.

or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Post, or within the City and Shire of Edinburgh) if he has not been admitted three Yearn — yearly —

If he has been admitted three Years or more — yearly -

Certificate to be in like Manner taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, who shall refidt in any other Part of Great Britain out of the Limits above mentioned, if he has not been admitted three Years

If he has been admitted three Years or more — yearly -

Special Exemptions.

Every Officer or Clerk of any of the said Courts who is now, or at any Time shall be charged with the Payment of Land Tax in respect of his »- Office or Appointment in such Court for or by reason of his being employed in the Conduct, Care, or Management of any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding therein relating to or concerning the Business of his Office or Appointment only; and wherein such Officer or Clerk shall not be also retained or employed by the Party or Parties to such Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding, or by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, for or in Expectation of any Fcfc or Reward over and above the Fee or Reward therefore due and payable to such Officer or Clerk in respect of his Office or Appointment in such Court.

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftsman in any Court of Equity, Conveyancer, and every other Person who, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, and redding in the City of London or Westmsnjler % or within the Limits of the Twopenny Post, or City or Shire of Edinburgh-^yearly -

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftftnan in any Court of Equity, Conveyancer, and every other Person who, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, and rending in any Part of Great Britain other than the City of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Post, or City or Shire of Edinburgh — yearly -

Special Exemptions,

Serjeants at Law.

Barristers.

Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents, or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates.

Persons solely employed to ingross or copy any Deed, Instrument, or other Proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves and for their own Account respectively.

Publick Officers drawing or preparing official Inftnimenta applicable to their respective Offices and in the Course of their Duty.

Persons preparing or drawing Agreements under Hand only, or Wills*.

Warrant, Mandate, Authority, Minute, or Memorandum given to any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Prodtor, Agent, or Procurator in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or defend any Suit or Prosecution in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any of the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports, or in any of his Majesty's Courts in Scotland, the Great Set-(ions in Wales, or in any Courts in the Counties Palatine, or in any other Court holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage shall amount to forty Shillings or more -

Special Exemptions.

Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, to sue or defend, or any Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of Record in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding to be had, commenced, prosecuted, or defended in any inferior Court, wherein the Debt or Damage claimed or demanded shall not amount to forty Shillings.*'

England.

£ ' d.

5---

10---

Scotland.

5---

10-----

3----- ! 3---

6----- ! 6-----

10 -

6---

IO---

6---

- 5

5 —

Warrant*

C. 98. 183

SCHEDULE (A.y — CoMtimieJ.

Name and Descriptkm of the Inllruvnent, Article, or Thing, on erhich rbe Duty aitache*.

England.

Warrant, Authority, or any other Document* for or in respect of any Pro ceedings commenced, carried on, prosecuted or defended in any of the Courts aforesaid, upon any Indictment whatsoever, or upon any Information, Suit, Writ, or Process in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Instance of his Majesty's Attorney General, his Majesty's Advocate of Scotland, or any other Officer or Officers legally authorized to prosecute in his Majesty's Name, or to sue for his Majesty's Interest; but these Exemptions not to extend to or include Informations in the Nature of Quo Warrants filed by his Majesty* 8 Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench; nor to Informations in any Courts of Equity at the relation of private Persons; nor to Informations wherein any rerson or Persons other than his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be entitled to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Part thereof.

Writ, Mandate, or other Process whatsoever that shall issue out of or pass the Seals of any of the Courts at Wejbunjler, Courts of the Great Sessions in Wales Courts in the Counties Palatine, or any other Court whatsoever, holding Pleas where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value -

Special Exemption.

Original Writ on which a Writ of Capias ifiues.

Bail Special or Bail Common to be filed in any Court of Law whatsoever Bail Bond -

Vide Bail Bond or Recognizance in Courts of Admiralty.

Assignment of Bail Bond -

Recognizance, whether entered of"Record in any Court or Office or not

Special Exemption '

Recognizance taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace.

Appearance made in any Action wherein no Bail shall be filed or pnt in Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other Pleadings whatsoever in any Court of any Law -

Copy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other Pleadings whatsoever, in Court of Law -

And for every Sheet or Piece of Paper of which any such Declaration, Plea, Replication, or other Pleadings, or any Copy thereof shall consist, copied and computed as heretofore, over and above the first Sheet so copied and computed -

Record of Niii Prius -

Postea -

Judgement, any whatsoever, which shall be signed by the Matter of any Office, or his Deputy or Sccondaiy, or by any Prothonotary or his Secondary, Deputy, or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts at Westminster, who have Power, or usually doth or shall (ign Judgements -

Inquisition taken by or before arty Sheriff of a County or his Deputy —

Writ of Error -

Writ of Certiorari -

Entry of Action in the Mayor's and Sheriffs Courts of London, and in Courts of all Corporations, and other Courts whatsoever holding Pleas, out of which no Writ, Process, or Mandate shall issue, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to forty Shillings or above -

Affidavit to be made use of in any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, or in any Court of Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, or in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Cfjefter, Lane after, or Durham -

Office Copy of any such Affidavit, as lad above mentioned -

Vide also Affidavit to he used in Ecelefiqstical Courts or Admiralty Courts. Affidavit not to be used in any Court of Law or Equity -

Special Exemptions.

Affidavits taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before the Commissioners or Officers of any publick Board of Revenue, or before Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by any Act of Parliament, and authorized to take Affidavits*

£ ' d-

- 26

- 2 6

--4

--4

--4

- 10 — — 10 —

- 10 —

- 10 —

- 26

Scotland.

BUI,

- 26

Bill, Answer, Pica, Replication or any other Pkading whatsoever in the Coarts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy Court* and County Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity - 5 —

Office Copy of any Bill, Answer* Plea* Replication, or other Pleadings whatsoever,

in any such Court of Equity - 4

And for every Folio, calculated at ninety Words, of which any such Copy as last above motioned shall consist, aver and above the first Folio k> calculated, a further Doty of" — — I 1 — — 4

Interrogatories in the Courts of Chancery* Exchequer, Duchy Court, and County

Palatine Courts, or other Courts of Equity - 5 —

Depositions taken by Commifikm in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy

Court, or County Phbhine Courts, or other Courts of Equity - — — 5 —

Special* Exemption.

Paper Drafts of Depositions ia any Court of Equity taken by virtue of any Commiftoa before they are mgrossed.

Deposition taken (not by Commission) in the Court of Chancery, or any other Court of Equity -

Office-Copy of any Interrogatories, or of Depositions taken, whether by Commission

or not, in any such Court of Equity - 4

And for every Folio, calculated at ninety Words each, of whick any such Copy of Bui, Anftver, Rea, Replication, or other Pleadings whatsoever, or Interrogatories or Depositions, shall consist, over and above the first Folio fa calculated, a further Duty of -

Rule made in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster —

Order made or given in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster Summons of any Judge of any of the Courts at Westminster —

Order made or given by any Judge of any of the Courts at Westminster

Special Exemptions.

Summons of any Judge for any Particulars of Plaintiff's Demand, or for any Stay of Proceedings on Payment of Debt and Costs, or for further Time to plead*.reply, or rejoin, or on the Application of any Prisoner or Insolvent Debtor.

Order made or given by any Judge on any such Summons as lad above mentioned.

Office Copy of any Rule made or Order given in any of the Courts of Law or Equity

at Westminster, or by any Judge of any of the Courts at Westminster — — a 6

Office Copy of any Record or Proceeding (not being a Rule made, or Order made

or given), in any of the Courts of Law or Equity at Westminster — — — a —

And for each and every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, of which such Copy shall consist, over and above the first such Skin*

Sheet, or Piece, copied and computed as aforesaid, a further Duty of —

Decree made by or in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at Wejbrnnjler, of Great Sessions in Wales, or Court of the County Palatine or Duchy of Lancaster, or Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, or Durham — — — 16

Dismission made by or in the Court of Chancery or Exchequer at Westminster, of Great Sessions in Wales, or Court of the County Palatine or Duchy of Lancaster,

or Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester or Durham — — — 1 .6

And for each and every Skin of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such Decree or Dismission shall consist, over and above, the first such Skin, Sheet, or Piece, a further Duty of - 16

Libel in any Ecclesiastical Court - 5 —

Allegation in any Ecclesiastical Court - 5 —

Deposition in any Ecclesiastical Court - 5 —

Copy of Libel, Allegation, or Deposition in any Ecclesiastical Court — — — 5 —

And for qyery. Sheet, copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such Copy shall consist, over above the first Sheet so copied and computed, a further Duty of - 4 —

Monition or Citation made by or ifluedoutaf any Ecclesiastical Court — — — 5 —

Office Copy of any such Monition or Citation made by or issued out of any Ecclesi-I

astical CouJ % - 5 —

7

Answer

Answer in any Ecclesiastical Court

Sentence in any Ecclesiastical Court -

Final Decree in any Ecclesiastical Court -

Copy of any Sentence or final Decree* or Answer in any Ecclesiastical Court

And for every Sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such Copy shall consist, oyer and above the first Sljeet so copied and computed* a further Duty of -

Commission issuing out of any Ecclesiastical Court -

Inventory exhihited in any Ecclesiastical Court -

Copy of any Inventory exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court —

And for every Sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such Copy shall con ft ft, over and above toe first Sheet so copied and computed, a further Duty of -

Certificate or Testimonial of having taken or received the Holy Sacrament Licence for Marriage -

Ca tificate of Marriage -

Special Exemption.

Certificate of the Marriage of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier.

Dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, where neither of the Livings is above ten Pounds Value in the King's Books -

Where either k above ten Pounds -

Any other Dispensation from the Lord Archbishop of CamUrhury or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being -

Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being -

Matriculation in either of the two Universities in England —

Register or Entry of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities in England other than the Degree of Batchelor of Arts -

Certificate or Testimonial of any Degree taken in either of the two Universities in England other than the Degree of Batchelor of Arts -

Register or Entry of the Degree of Batchelor of Arts taken in either of the two Universities in England -

Certificate or Testimonial of the Degree of Batchelor of Arts taken in either of the two Universities in England -

P^efentation or Donation of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, which shall be of the yearly Value of ten Pounds, or above, in the King's Books -

Presentation or Donation of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, under the Yearly Value of ten Pounds in the King's*Books -

Collation which shall be made by any Archbishop or other Bishop of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, which shall be of the yearly Value of ten Pounds, or above, in the King's Books.

Collation which shall be made by any Archbishop or other Bishop of or to any Bene* fice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical Promotion whatsoever, under the yearly Value of ten Pounds in the King's Books —

Institution or Licence which shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever, in England

Special Exemptions.

Licence appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual Amount of the Stipend shall be inserted, that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court whatever, in England.

Licence for Non-residence of Clergymen granted under the Act 43 Geo. 3.

c. 84.

Copy of or JLxtract from any Will — ' —

And for every Copy Sheet, calculated at ninety Wofdaeaob, of which any such Copy of or Extract from any Will, shall consist, over and above the first Copy Sheet so calculated, a further Duty of —

Geo. III. Bb

d.

4

5 5 5

4

5

10

5

20

5°

30

30

10 -

20 — — 10 — — 20 — — 10 -

£ ' s.

IO

- I

At lifted

SCHEDULE (A.) — Continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Ailiclc, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. Eoghmd. Scotland.

Attested Copy of a Probate of any Wilt, or Letters of Administration — And for every ten common Law Sheets, (calculated at ninety Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Copy shall consist over and above twenty such common Law Sheets, a further Duty of — — Appeal from any Court of Admiralty, Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court £.

of Canterbury or York - 15 10 -

Libel or Allegation in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports — — — 5 —

Inventory in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque "Ports — > — ^,

Deposition in the Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports — — Copy of any Libel, Allegation, Deposition, or Inventory, in the Courts of Admiralty — 5 — - 4-

or Cinque Ports - And for every Sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such Copy shall consist: , over and above the first; Sheet so copied and computed, — 5 — — 4 -

a further Duty of — — — Bail-Bond or Recognizance taken in the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports hold- — 4 — — 3 —

ing Admiralty Jurisdiction — — — Vide Bail Bonds in general. 1 — — — 19 —

Affidavit in any Ecclesiastical Court, or Courts of Admiralty or Cinque Ports — Vide Affidavit in general* Vide atfo Affidavit to be used in Courts of Law Copy of any Affidavit in any Ecclesiastical Court, or Courts of Admiralty or Cinque 5 - 4 —

-Ports - And for every Sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such Copy shall consist, over and above the first Sheet so copied and computed, - 5 -

a further Duty of - 3 - — 10 —

Warrant by, or issued out of any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports — T ^5

Citation or Monition in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports - — ij — — 4 —

Answer in any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports — — Interlocutory Decree having the Force and Effect of a Definitive Sehtence, in any — 5 —

Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports - Copy of any such Warrant, Citation, Monition, Answer, or Interlocutory Decree, in 1 — -5 —

any Court of Admiralty or the Cinque Ports — — - And for every Sheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any such Copy shall consist, over and above the first Sheet so copied and computed. — 5 — — 4 —

a further Duty of - Sentence in the Courts of Admiralty, or the Cinque Ports exercising Admiralty Ju- — 4 -

risdiction - Attachment made out of any of the Courts of Admiralty, or Cinque Ports exercising 110 — 1

Admiralty Jurisdiction - Relaxation of any Attachment made out of any of the Courts of Admiralty, or 110 — 1 -

-Cinque Ports- exercising Admiralty Jurisdiction — — Wnt of Appeal - Letters of Mart or Marque and Reprisal — — — Deed or other Instrument of Conveyance, Surrender, Leak, Release, Grant, Appointment. Confirmation, Assignment, Transfer, Covenant, or any other Deed or any Obligatory Instrument whatever, (not other wise charged in this Schedule), which may or shall be inrolled or registered, or not, upon any Number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Deed or Instrument, as above-mentioned, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto shall consist - — — And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words-to each Sheet, ) of which any such Deed, or other Instrument aforesaid, together with every Schedule, Instrument, or other Matter, not being a Receipt for Money, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist, over and above the first fifteen such common 110 — a* 1 —

1 10 — 19 —

Law Sheets, a further Duty of — — — Special Exemptions* Commissions granted to Officer* of Yeotnaary Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry. — 19 — Ixafe

A.D. 1804.

4+0 GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.' — Continued.

Name and Di fcripiion of the Intfiument; Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Lease of waste or uncultivated Land to any poor or labouring Man for any Term not exceeding three Lives or ninety-nine Years, when the Fine shall not exceed, five Shillings, and the reserved Rent one Guinea per Annum.

Policy of Assurance or Insurance, and any Writing commonly so called, for insuring any Events or Contingencies relative to 3 Life or Lives.

Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, or attested to be a true Copy, of any such Deed or other Instrument last above-mentioned, including every such Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter, or any Part thereof, made or to be made for the Security or Use of any Person or Persons being a Party or Parties to the same Deed or other Instrument, and not having the Custody of the original Deed, or other Instrument, or of any Counterpart or Duplicate thereof, or where such Copy shall be made in lieu of such original Deed, or other Instrument, upon any Number of Words not amounting to twenty common Law Sheets, fcalculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which such Copy shall coniift — ' -

And for every entire Quantity of ten common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each SI eet.) of which any such Copy shall consist, (over and above the first ten such Common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of Copy, purporting to be a true Copy, of any such Deed or other Instrument, including every such Schedule, Rece'pt, Instrument, or other Matter, or any Part thereof, for the Security or Use of any Person or Persons other than any or either of the Parties to the same Deed or other Instrument not having the Ci stody of such Original Deed or other Instrument, or any Duplicate or Part thereof, or where such Copy shall not be made in lieu of any such Original Deed or other Instrument, upon any Number of Words not amounting to twenty common La v Shetts, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet), of which any such Copy shall consist -

And for every entire Quantity of ten common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Si c«t, ) of which any such Copy shall consist, over and above the lirft ten such common Law Sheets, a further Duty of Certificate of Comrr. fTioners used upon the Sale or Alienation of Fee-Farm or other Rents of Woods, Forests, or Lands belonging to the Crown, where the Confederation Money shall exceed/* 10 -

Special Exemption.

Certificates of such Commissioners, where the Consideration Money shall not exceed/*. 10

Surrender of of Land*or Tenement, or Lands or Tenements in England, under t^t Value of twenty Shillings per Annum —

Spe 'nl Exemptions.

Original Surrender to the Use of a Will.

Court-Roil or Court-Book wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled.

Surrender of any of Land or Tenement or Lands or Tenements in England, above the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum —

Special Exemptions.

Original Surrender to the Use of a Will.

Court-Roll or Book wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or inrolled.

Admittance to any of Land or Tenement, or Lands or Tenements in England, under the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum.

Admittance to any of Land or Tenement, or Lands or Tenements in England, above the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum -

Copy of any Surrender of and Admittance to any Custom-Right or Tenant-Right Estate, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of twenty Shillings, and not being of, which shall pass by Surrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not pass by Deed in England -

Copy of any Surrender of or Admittance to Custom-Right or Tenant-Right Estate; exceeding the dear yearly Value of twenty Shillings, and jipt being of,

England.

d.

C. 98.

Scotland.

£- '

- IO —

- IO —

- IO —

- to

- I

I —

I IO —

- 5 —

19 —

- IS —

S l5

5 —

which

187

[* See I IS-]

[$>(? Vo ft. ns to I ft-it able Bonds in Scotland.]

Name ansi Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

England.

Scotland.

which shall pass bjrSurrender and Admittance, or by Admittance only, and which shall not {pass by Deed, in England -

Grant or Lealc by Copy of Court-Roll of any Honour or Manor in England\ of any Land or Tenement under the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum —

Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll of any Honour or Manor in England, of any Land or Tenement above the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum —

Copy of the Court-Roll of any Honour or Manor in England, in relation to any Land or Tenement under the Value of twenty Shillings per Annum —

Copy of the Court-Roll df any Honour or Manor in England, in relation to any Land or Tenement above the Value of twenty Shillings Annum —

Deed or other Instrument by way of Mortgage, or Instrument, or Covenant to surrender, or Copy of Court-Roll, or Conditional Surrender by way of Mortgage, for the Security of any Sum of Money lent on any Property whatsoever, whether Real or Personal, and of whatever Tenure or Description, not exceeding £100 -

exceeding £ 100, and not exceeding ^300 -

exceeding ^300, and not exceeding £500 -

exceeding £500, and not exceeding *ioco -

exceeding £ 1000, and not exceeding ^2000 -

exceeding £2000, and not exceeding £5000 -

exceeding Z3000, and not exceeding £4000 -

exceeding 24000, and not exceeding £5000 -

exceeding £5000, and not exceeding £10, 000 -

exceeding £ 10, 000, and not exceeding £ 15, 000 -

exceeding 2i5»oo3> an<^ not exceeding £20, 000 -

exceeding 22o, coo -

The said several and respective Duties on such last mentioned Deeds or other Indruments {other than and except any Indrument, Covenant, or Copy relating to of Lands or Tenements) to be payable and paid for and in rdpe& of any Number of Words therein, not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any Ifuch Deed or other Indrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Indrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist.

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Daw Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such last mentioned Deed or other Instrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall consist

iover and above the fird fifteen such common Law Sheets), a further )uty of -

Bond, commonly called Mortgage Bond, or Bond given as a Collateral Security, for or in respect of any Mortgage -

Deed or other Indrument, or Transfer or Assignment of any Mortgage for the Security of any Sum of Money lent on any Property whatsoever, where the Mortgagor or his Real or Personal Representatives or Assigns are not made Parties to the Transfer or Assignment, for any Number of Words therein, not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Deed or other Indrument as last mentioned shall confid And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Deed or other Indrument lad above-mentioned, together with every Schedule, Indrument, or other Matter not being a Receipt for Money, put or indorsed thereon, or annexed thereto, shall confid (over and above the fird fifteen such common Law Sheets), a further Duty of -

Writ of Covenant for levying any Fine -

Writ of Entry for differing a Common Recovery -

Exemplification of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court whatsoever Award under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in England, and whether the same shall or shall not be inrolled of Record in or made a Rule of any Court, upon any Number of Words therein, not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Award shall confid -

£ '

- if —

- 5 —

- 15 —

- 5 —

- »5 —

1 10 —

2 -

3 --

4 -

5 --

6 --

8 — Z

10---

12 -

'5---

£ d.

- 15 —

1 10 —

2 -

3 -

1 10 —

And

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheet*, (calculated at seventy-two Word* to each Sheet), of which any such Award, together with any Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist, (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets), a further Duty of -

Charter-Party, Memorandum for Charter or any other Instrument, Note, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, between the Captain, Master, or Owner of any Ship or Vessel and any Merchant, Trader, or other Person, in respect to the Freight or Conveyance of any Money, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Effc6U, laden or to be laden on board any such Ship or Vessel, upon any Number of Words therein, not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which the same shall consist —

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet), of which any such Charter-Party, Memorandum for Charter, or any other Instrument, Note, Letter, or other Minument or Writing, last above-mentioned, together with any Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed therein, or annexed thereto, shall consist, (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets) a further Duty of -

Lease of Lands or Tenements for a Term not exceeding twenty-one Years, when the full improved annual Value thereof, and Rent reserved thereby, shall not be more than ten Pounds, or Lease for a Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, where the Fine or Consideration shall not exceed twenty Pounds, and the Feferved Rent shall not exceed forty Shillings, upon any Number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Lease shall consist -

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Lease, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist, (over and above the first fifteen

common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of -

Agreement made in England under Hand only, where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of £*20 or upwards, whether the same shall be only the Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, upon any Number of Words, not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Agreement shall consist -

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Agreement, together with ever)- Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall consist, (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of -

£ ' d'

£ d'

1 10 —

19 —

- 19 —

- 16 —

- l6 —

[See as to A^reements in Scotland.]

Special Exemptions.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Insurances to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance or London Assurance, or the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and London A flu ranees of Houses and Goods from Fire*

Memorandum or Agreement for any Lease at Rack Rent of any Messuage under the yearly Value of five Pounds.

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Ma-nufacturer, or menial Servant.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Side of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

Memorandum or Agreement made between Master and Mariners of any Coasting Vessel for Wages.

Letter or Letters, containing an Agreement in respect of any Merchandize, or Evidence of such an Agreement which shall pass by the Post between Merchants and other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce, and re-siding and actually being, at the Time of fending such Letters, at the Distance of fifty Miles from each other.

Vide Dad, Indenture,

' Memorial

190

C. 98;

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18804.'

Memorial for the Register of Deeds or other Instruments in the Register Office of Remitter Counties in England -

Copy of or Extract from any Register kept in any Register Office of any Register County in England -

Memorial for registering any Original Deed or other Instrument, by which any Annuity shall be granted -

Bond, of any Kind whatsoever (not otherwise charged in this Schedule, or wholly exempted from Duty), upon any Number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Bond shall con lift -

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Bond, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon, or annextd thereto, shall consist, (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of -

Exemptions from all Stamp Duties

Assurance Corporation Bonds.

Bond by Treasurers or Trusttes of Friendly Societies to the Clerks of the Peace.

Administration Bond of the Widow, Children, Father, Mother, Brother, or Siller of any common Seaman, Soldier, or Marine, who shall be flail) or die in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or SucctfPus. Administration Bond of any Person where the Estate adnmiiftered to shall not exceed the Value of £20.

Bondgiven, taken, or entered into, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made for or in respect of the Duties and Revenues ot Customs or Excise, or of any Matter or Thing relating to those Duties or Revenues —

Special Exemptions fr^m dll Stamp Duties.

Bonds given by Fish Takers or Curers; or by the Master or Owner of any Boat, Ship, or Vessel employed in the British Fisheries, or in the Exportation or Conveyance of Fish; or for Salt to be used or employed in curing or preserving Fish; cr to prevent the Exportation of Woob Woolsels, Morthngg, Shortlings, Yarn, or Worsted made of Wool, or any Manufacture thereof; or for the Exportation of Tobacco from the King's Warrhouse; or Bond, commonly called or known by the Name of C aft Bonds; or Bond to prevent the Exportation nf Fuders Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco Pipe Clay, entered into pursuani to any Act or Acts of Parliament.

Bond given as Security for any Sum of Monty not exceeding £ico -

exceeding £100, and not exceeding £300 -

exceeding /, 30c), and not exceeding £500 -

exceeding £ jeo, and not exceeding £1 ^00 -

exce eding £ 100c, and not exceed ng £2000 -

exceeding £2000, and not exceed ng £3000 -

exceeding £3000, and not exceeding £40^0 — — __

exceeding £4000, and not exceeding £5000 -

exceeding £5000, and not exceeding £io, oco -

exceeding £ io, oco, and not exceeding £15, 000 -

exceeding £15, 000, and not exceeding £20, 060 -

exceeding £20, 000 -

Indenture of Appreuticeship where the Sum or Value given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to such Apprentice, shall not exceed£10 exceeding £ 1 o, and not exceeding £20 -

exceeding £20, and not exceeding £50 -

exceeding £50, and not exceeding £ioo -

exceeding £100, and not exceeding £300 -

exceeding £300 -

Special Exemption.

Indenture for binding poor Parish Children Apprentices, or other Children, 'by any public^ Charity. 3

£ 2.

- 10 —

- 5 —

- 15 —

- 15 —

£. /. d.

- 19 —

- x4 —

- i4 —

1 —

1 10

2 —

3 —

4 —

5 -

6 —

7 -9 — 12 —

l5 —

20 —

- 5

1 10

2 10

S "

12 —

20 —

*9

9

19

*9

*9

'9

i)

8 19 11 19 14 19 19 19

9

9

*9

11 19 — 19 19 —

Assign-

Name and Description of the Infttument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

England.

Scotland.

AGignment of Indenture of Apprenticeship (except of poor Parish Children, or other Children by any publick Charity) -

Passport -

Bill or Note of Lading for any Goods or Merchandize to be exported —

Pro tell -

Notarial Ad, any, whatsoever -

Debenture or Certificate for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any Part of any Customs or Duties, for or in respect of the Shipping, reshipping, or exporting, any Goods or Merchandize which shall be exported, or be shipped to be exported, from Great Britain for any Parts beyond the Seas —

Procuration -

JLetter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney upon any Number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney shall confill

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Lettct, Warrant, or Power of Attorney shall coniilt, (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of -

Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney, given by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or Soldier serving as a Marine, for the Receipt of Prize Money — Statute-Staple -

Statute-Merchant -

Transfer of Bank or South Sea Stock -

Special Exemptions

Transfer of Stock in Government Funds.

Vide Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation.

Transfer of Stock or Share in any Company, Society, or Corporation whatever, (not being Bank or South Sea Stock, or East Indict Stock, or Stoclt in Government Funds, ) where the Amount of the Stock or Share to be transferred shall not exceed £ 1 co -

where the Amount shall exceed £ 100, and not exceed £200 —

where the Amount shall exceed ^200, and not exceed £$00 —

where the Amount shall txceed ^'300, and not exceed £400 —

where the Amount shall exceed /. 400, and not exceed £500 —

where the Amount shall exceed ^500, and not exceed *1000 —

where the Amount shall exceed £1000, and not exceed £2000 —

where the Amount shall exeted £2000, and not exceed Z3000 —

where the Amount shall exceed ^3000, and not exceed ^4000 —

where the Amount shall exceed *4000, and not exceed *5000 —

where the Amount shall exceed *5000, and not exceed £ 10, 000 —

where the Amount shall exceed f, 10, oco — — __

Pciicy of Assurance or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for infilling Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Property from Lois by Fire -

Vide Annual Duty on Fire Insurances, Schedule (B.).

Policy of Assurance or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for insuring any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances may be lawfuHy made for any Voyage to or from any Part or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guemfeyf Jersey, Alderney, or Sark9 or the Isle of Man % or from or to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the I (lands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or the Isle of Man, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Fremium, actually and bondfide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings per Centum, that is to say, where the Sum to be insured shall amount to ^100 -

And progressively for every £ 100 so infurtd -

And where the Sum insured shall not amount to £ 100 -

And where the Sum insured shall exceed £ 100, or any progressive Sums of £100 each by any fractional Part of one hundred Pounds, for such fractional Part -

d.

*5. — 3 — 3 — 5 — 5 —

- 4 —

X —

- 79

£. /. d.

- 14 —

- 3 —

- 3 —

- 3 —

- 3 —

4

l9

- ig —

- 9 —

- 19 —

- i9 —

1 10

2 —

2 10

3 — 3 10

5 — 7 10 10 — 12 10

J5 — 17 10 20 —

1

1

2

2

3

4

7

9

12

9

19

9

J9

9

T9

9

*9

9

14 19 17919 19

- 1 3 - 1 3

- I 3

- i 3

- 1

Aiid

And where the Premium, or Consideratioti in the Nature of a Premium, a&uaV and bond Jide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings per Centum, (that is to say, )

Where the Sum to be insured shall amount to £ IOO —

And progressively for every £ 100 so iniured -

And where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to £ 100 —

And where the Sum so to be insured shall exceed £ 100, or any progressive Sum3 of £ 100 each, by any fractional Part of £ 100, for such fra&ional Part -

Folicy of Assurance or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for insuring any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest whereon Insurances may be lawfully made, where the Premium, or Confident tion in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond Jide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of tw enty Shillings per Centum, (that is to say, ) v where thy Sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred Pounds And progressively for every £ 100 so insured -

And where the Sum insured shall not amount to £ 100 —

And where the Sum insured shall exceed £ 100, or any progressive Sums of £ 100 each, by any fra&ional Part of £100, for such fra&ional Part — And where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond Jide paid, given, or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of twenty Shillings per Centum, (that is to, say, )

Where the Sum to be insured shall amount to £ 100 -

And progressively for every /, 'ioo so insured -

And where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to £ 100 -

And where the Sum to be insured shall exceed £ 100, or any progressive Sums of £ 100 each, by any fractional Part of £ 100, for such fractional Part -

Commission or Deputation given, granted, or issued by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, for the Time being -

Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of any Admission into any Corporation or Company, fothe Court-Book, Roll, or Record of any such Corporation or Company — Admittance of or Instrument for admitting any Fellow of the College of Phyncians, in England -

Admission into any of the four Inns of Court, or other Inn of Court or Chancery — Register or Entry of any Degree in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery —

Warrant or Order Beneficial under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor8, for the Navy, Army, or Ordnance -

Warrant or Order Beneficial, (other than as lad above-mentioned, ) under the Sign Manual of his Majesty, his Heirs or SuCcessors -

Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding £ 100, which shall pass the Great Seal or Privy Seal -

Special Exemption.

Any such Grant which shall pass the Privy Seal directed to the Great Seal, to pay the Duty on passing the Great Seal only.

Grant of any Office or Employment which shall exceed the Value of £50 per Annum, and shall not exceed* 100ptr Annum -

Grant of any Office or Employment which shall exceed the Value of ^.100 per Annum, calculated on the Amount of the Salary, Fees, and Perquisite3 appertaining to such Office or Employment -

"Grant under the Great Seal of Great Britain or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate —

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate Exemplification of any such Grant or Letters Patent, as last above mentioned —

Special Exemptions.

Commissions of Rebellion in Process.

Briefs or Letters Patent for collecting charitable Benevolences.

£* d.

- 2

- 2

- 2

- a 6

- 2,

- 2

- 2

- 26

- 5

- 5

- 5

- 5

1 10

1 —

20 — 20 — 50 —

- 2 6

- 26

- 2 6

- 26

- 2 6

- 2 6

- 2 6

- 2 6

- J —

- 5 —

I9 —

- 19 —

- 12

I 10 16 —

- 12 6 X 5 — 12-----

20 -

20

20

20

16-----

16 -

16 — — 16-----

Specification

Specification in respect of a Patent for any Discovery or Invention whatever Grant of Lands in Fee or Lease for Years, or Grant of other Profit, that shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Seal of the Exchequer, the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster or the Privy Seal —

Special Exemptions.

Any such Grant, whic^ shall pass the Privy Seal, directed to the Great Seal, to pay the Duty on pailing the Great Seal only.

Grant, Conveyance, or Assurance, of any Fee Farm or other Rents of the Duchy of Lancaster, where the Conuderation Money shall not exceed

£10.

Licence granted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrate or Magittrartes, for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, yearly

Special Exemptions.

For Licences granted to Persons duly licensed by the Chancellors or Vice-Chancellors of the two Universities in England, or by either of them, for felling Wine.

For Licences granted to any Person who shall be a Matter, Warden, Freeman, or one of the Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London, admitted tt> his Freedom by Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship only.

For Licences granted to any Person to keep either of the three Wine Taverns within the Borough of St. Allan's in the County of Hertford, licensed by the Mayor and Burgesses thereof, according to the Tenor of certain Letters Patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for and towards the Maintenance of a Free School there*

Licence for uttering or vending by Retail, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Pott, any Hats commonly called or known by the Name of Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, or any Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said«£uh(lances, or any of them, or mixed with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hats shall be called or distinguished, yearly -

Licence for uttering or vending by Retail, any Hats commonly called or known by the Name of Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, or any Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or mixed with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hats shall be called or distinguished, in any other Place than as latt above mentioned, yearly -

Licence to be taken out by the Owner, Proprietor, Maker, and Compounder of, and by every Person uttering, vending, or exposing to Sale, or keeping ready for Sale, any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, TiuAures, Powders, or other Preparations or Compositions whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief, of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials, or other In-dofures with any Contents, subject to the Duties by this Act granted on certain Medicines, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Pott, or within the City of Edinburgh, each Licence, yearly For each such Licence in any other City or Borough, or in any Town Corporate, or in the Towns of Manchester, Birmingham, or Sheffield, yearly — For each such Licence in any other Part of Great Britain, yearly —

Licence for using and exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Limits of the Two-penny Pott,

Licence for using and exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker in any Part of Great Britain without the Limits latt above mentioned, yearly -

Special Exemptions.

Persons who shall lend Money upon Pawn or Pledge at or under the Rate of £5 per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or

Geo. III. C c

£ J.

S---

20 —

4

/. d.

I9 —

16-----

2 2 —

- 5 —

2 --

- IO -

" 5 —

10---

21 —

- s —

- 10

- 5

greater

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

194 C. 98.

Name and Descriplici> of the Instrument, Article, or I'hing, on which the Duty attaches.

I See i H.2

greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

Licence to any Person or Persons who shall, publickly or privately, within the Cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty Miles of either of the said Cities, set up, exercise, or keep, by himself or herself, or any other Person or Persons, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any Tickets in any Lottery which is or mall be authorized by any Act of Parliament made or to be made, or who shall, by writing, printing, or otherwise, publish the setting up or using any such Office, yearly -

Licence to any Person or Persons who shall, publickly or privately, in any Part of Great Britain, not being within the Cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty Miles of either of the said Cities, open, set up, exercise, or keep, by himself or herself, or any other Person or Persons, any Office for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any Tickets in any Lottery which is or shall be authorized by any Act of Parliament made or to be made, or who shall, ^by writ ing, printing, or otherwise, publish the setting up or using any such Office; in case such Person or Persons mail not have taken out or paid the Duty of £$o for a Licence for the said Purposes in some other Part of the United Kingdom,

Licence to any Person or Persons, for the like Purposes, in any Part of Great Britain, not being within the Cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty Miles of either of the said Cities, who shall have taken out and paid the Duty of £50, for a Licence for the said Purposes in some other Part of the United Kingdom,

Licence to be'taken out by every Postmaster or other Person in Great Britain, who shall let to Hire any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of travelling Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, or who (being a Person usually letting Horses to Hire) shall let to Hire for a Day or any less Period of Time than twenty-eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for drawing any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Poll, or otherwise, J>y whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, yearly — Licence to be taken out by every Person who shall keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calaffi, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair, or other Carriage with two or more Wheels, by what Name soever the same now is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, for each such Carriage, which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one Time not more than four inside Passengers, (Children in Lap excepted, )

To be taken out in like Manner by every Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or ei ployed for carrying at one Time more than four, but not more than fix inside Passengers, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for each such Carriage,

To be taken out in like Manner by every Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purposes aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one Time more than fix, but not more than eight inside raffen gers, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for each such Carriage, yearly —

To be taken out in like Manner by every Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one Time more than eight, but not more than ten inside Paffen gers, (Children in Lap excepted,; for each such Carriage, yearly —

To be taken out in like Manner by every Person who shall keep any such Carriage for the Purpose aforesaid, and which shall be kept or employed for carrying at one Time more than ten inside Passengen, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for each such Carnage, yearly -

Newspaper, or Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, of Half a Sheet or less, Double Demy, or of one Sheet Single Demy, (the Half Sheet Double Demy, or Whole Sheet Single Demy, not exceeding thirty-two Inches in Length, and twenty-two Inches in Breadth, ) for every such Paper —

England.

Scotland.

£. s.

50---

50 —

50-----

10

50---

10

- 5 —

- 5 -

- 5 —

- 6

- 8

- 5 —

- 6 —

- 7 —

9 -

- 9 —

--3i

For

Ordered by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

For every Half Sheet of which such Newspaper as before mentioned shall consist, over and above one Half Sheet Double Demy, or one Whole Sheet Single Demy, of the respective Sizes or Dimensions above mentioned —

Special Exemptions.

Proclamations,

Orders of Council,

Forms of Prayer,

Forms of Thanksgiving,

Acts of State,

Acts of Parliament.

Printed Votes or other Matters ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament.

Single Advertisement printed by itself.

Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods') c, dmi A*A

- 1 Such Bills or Accounts containing no

other Matters than what have been usually comprized therein.

£. /. d,

- 3i

imported and exported,

Accounts of the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

Vide Advertisement, Schedule (B).

Ordered to be printed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Pamphlets or Books or Papers commonly so called, contained in Half a Sheet or any less Piece of Paper, printed in Great Britain, each Copy -

Pamphlets or Books or Papers commonly so called, (being larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one Whole Sheet, ) printed in Great Britain^ each Copy —

Special Exemptions,

Acts of Parliament.

Proclamations,

Orders of Council,

Forms of Prayer, and Thanksgiving,

Acts of State.

Printed Votes or other Mattem by Order of either House of Parliament. Books commonly used in the Schools of Great Britain

Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety.

Vide larger Pamphlets, Schedule (B).

Almanack or Calendar for any Time not exceeding one Year —

Almanack or Calendar for several Years,

For each and every Year for which such Almanack or Calendar shall be made, published, or intended —

Almanack or Calendar perpetual —

Special Exemptions

Calendar or perpetual Almanack contained in any Bible or Common Prayer Book.

1 —

Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar for any Time not exceeding a Year -

Book or Pamphlet serving the Purpose of an Almanack or Calendar for several Years,

For each and every Year for which such Almanack or Calendar shall be made, published, or intended -

Book or ramphet serving the Purpose of a perpetual Almanack or Calendar —

Special Exemptions

Bibles and Common Prayer Books containing a Calendar or perpetual Almanack.

Promissory Note or other Note, for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand (which may within three Years after the Date thereof, but not at a later Period, be re-issued from Time to Time after Payment at any Place) where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed one Pound and one Shilling — _ _ —

[See §20, 21.J

C C 2

Promissory Note oq Demand, continued.

Where the Sum shall exceed one Pound and one Shilling, and not exceed two Pounds and two Shillings -

Where the Sum shall exceed two Pounds and two Shillings, and not exceed fire Pounds and five Shillings -

Where the Sum shall exceed five Pounds and Eve Shillings and not exceed twenty Pounds -

Promissory or other Note for the Payment, by or on account of the Bank of Scotland or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, to the Bearer on Demand, of the Sum of/* 100 (which may within three Years after the Date thereof, but not at a later Period, be re-issued, from Time to Time, after Payment at any Place) -

Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promissory or other Note, for the Payment of Money to the Bearer on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings -

Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or PromifToij or other Note, payable otherwise than to the Bearer on Demand, where the Sum expressed therein or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not exceed five Pounds and five Shillings -

Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promissory or other Note for the Payment of Money, where the Sum shall exceed five Pounds and five Shillings, and not exceed /* 30 -

where the Sum shall exceed/*30, and not exceed£$o —

where the Sum shall exceed £50, and not exceed/1100 —

where the Sum shall exceed £ 100, and not exceed £ 200 —

where the Sum shall exceed /*2oo, and not exceed £ 500 —

where the Sum shall exceed /*5oo, and not exceed £ toooo where the Sum shall exceed £ 1000 -

Foreign Bill of Exchange which shall be drawn in Setts accord in v to the Custom of Merchanta, where the Sum expressed in such Bui, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed £100 for each and every Bill in each Sett so drawn in Setts, where such Sum shall exceed £ 100 apd not exceed £ 200, for each and every Bill in each Sett -

so drawn in Setts* where such Sum shall exceed/*200, and not exceed /*5oo, for each and every Bill in each Sett -

so drawn in Setts, where such Sura shall exceed £500, and not exceed £ 1000, for each and every Bill in each Sett -

io arawn in Setts, where such Sum shall exceed /*ioooo, for each and every Bill in each Sett -

Conditional Exemption.

Bills of Exchange, Promissory and other Notes and Bills, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, exempted, 0.1 condition of the said Governor and Company paying, yearly, £32, 000.

Special Exemptions.

Drafts and Orders for the Payment of Money to Bearer on Demand upon any Banker, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker, and residing or transacting the Business of a Banker within ten Miles of the Place at which such Draft or Order shall be drawn or givcm, and which Place shall be expressed in or upon such Draft or Order.

Bill, Remittance Bill, Certificate, and all other Bills of what Nature or Description soever, drawn by Commissioned Officers, Mailers or Surgeons in the Navy, for Wages or ray, or by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or by the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty's Navy, oy by the Commissioners for taking care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, upon and payable by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the Payment of Money amounting to £ 2, and not amounting to £ 10 -

amounting to £ 10, and not amounting to £2q -

amounting to?20, and not amounting to/*50 -

amounting to / 30, and not amounting to £ 100 -

6

d. I 6 9

- 8

- 1 6

- 2 —

- 3 z

- 5 —

- 7 6

- 10 —

1

2

3

4

5

4. d.

- 6

- 9* 1 —

- 5 —

--8

1 6

a —

3 —

4 —

5 — 7 6

10 —

1 —

2 —

3 —

4 —

5

--4

--8

- 4

- 8

1 —

Receipt,

Got e

197

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) —

Name and Description uf the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Receipt, Discharge, &c. continued.

amounting to £ 100, and not amounting to £200 -

amounting to £200, and not amounting to £500 -

amounting to £ joo and upwards -

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or Writing whatever, giving to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money which shall contain or express, or in any Manner signify or denote, any general Acknowledgement of any Debt, Claim, Account, or Demand, or all or any Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in Discharge or Satisfaction of all or any such Debts, Claims, Accounts, or Demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the same shall be given -

Special Exemptions.

Receipt or Discharge to be given by the Treasurer of the Navy for any Money imprested to or received by him for the Service of the Navy.

Receipt or Discharge of any Agent for Money imprested by or to him on account of the Pay of the Army or Ordnance.

Receipt or Discharge to be given by any Officer, Seaman, or Soldier, or their Representative respectively, for or on account of any Wages, Pay, or Pension due to them for the Army, Navy, or Ordnance Offices respectively.

Receipt or Discharge to be given for the Consideration of the Purchase of any Share in any publick Stock or Fund, or in the Stocks of the Corporations of the Bank of England, East India Company, or South Sea Company, or for the Dividends paid or payable on such Shares of the said Stocks.

Receipt or Discharge given for Money deposited in the Banks of England or Scotland, or in the House of any Banker or Bankers.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, written on the Back of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note, duly stamped according to the Directions of this Act, or on the Back of any Foreign Bill of Exchange payable in Great Britain.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, by Deed duly and legally stamped.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acquittance, given upon any Bill or Note of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Letters acknowledging the safe Arrival of any Bills, Notes, or other Securities for Money.

Receipt or Discharge indorsed on or contained in the Body of any Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other Instrument, acknowledging the Payment or Re-payment of any Part of any Principal Sum, or any Intcrell thereupon, lent, paid, or secured in, by, or upon such Deed, Bond, Mortgage, or other Instrument duly and legally stamped.

Receipt or Discharge given, or required to be given, for any Money payable by Law to any Merchant for Drawbacks or Bounties upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandize from this Kingdom.

Certificates of Over Entry of any Duties of Customs.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acknowledgement of Payment, indorsed on any Order, Bill, Remittance Bill, or Certificate, made or drawn by Commissioners of the Navy, or Commissioned Officers, Mailers, and Surgeons in the Navy, for Wages or Pay.

Receipt, Discharge, or Acknowledgement of Payment, indorsed on any Bill or Bills drawn in pursuance to or in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities of any Act or Acts of Parliament, by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or by the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty's Navy, or by the Commissioners for taking care of Sick and Wounded Seamen, or by the Commissioners for managing the Transport Service, upon and payable by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy.

England Scotland.

£ - d. £. Z 2

- 5 — 1

5 —

Probate

1

f See pnfl. ns tn Srntlhnd under Title Testament.J

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Probate of Will or Letters of Administration for any Estate above the Value of £20, and under the Value of £100 —

of the Value of £ roo, and under the Value of £100 —

of the Value of £200, and under the Value of £200 ___

of the Value of £300, and under the Value 0/^450 __

of the Value of £450, anc^ under the Value of £600 : __

of the Value of £600, and under the Value of £800

of the Value of £$oo, and under the Value of £ 1000 —

of the Value of £1000, and under the Value of £1500 __

of the Value of£?5oo, and under the Value of £2000 —

of the Value of £2000, and under the Value of £3500 —

of the Value of £3500, and under the Value of £$000 —

of the Value of £5000, and under the Value of £7500 —

of the Value of£7500, and under the Value of £10, 000 —

of the Value of 2* 10, 000, and under the Value of £12, 500 —

of the Value of£i 2, 500, and under the Value of £15, 000 —

of the Value of//15, 000, and under the Value of £1 7, 500 —

of the Value ofjC 17, 500, and under the Value of£20, 000 —

of the Value of£20, oooo, and under the Value of £25, 000 —

of the Value of£25, oco, and under the Value of £30, 000 —

of the Value of £30, 000, and under the Value of , £35, 000 —

of the Value of £35, 000, and under the Value of£40, 000 —

of the Value of£4o, oooo, and under the Value of£45, oooo — of the Value of £45, 000, and under the Value of£co, oooo —

of the Value of £50, 000, and under the Value of £60, 000 —

of the Value of £60, 000, and under the Value of£*7o, oco — of the Value of £70, 000, and under the Value of £80, 000 —

of the Value of£8o, oooo, and under the Value of £00, 000 —

of the Value of £90, 000, and under the Value of£i 00, 000 —

of the Value of£100, 000, and under the Value of£i 25, 000 —

of the Value of£i 25, 000, and under the Value of £150, 000 —

of the Value of£i 50, 000, and under the Value of £175, 000 —

of the Value of £175, 000, and under the Value of £200, 000 —

of the Value of £ 200, 000, and under the Value of £250, 000 —

of the Value of £250, 000, and under the Value of£300, 000 —

of the Value of £300, 000, and under the Value of/350, 000 —

of the Value of/3 50, 000, and under the Value of £400, 000 —

of the Value 0^400, 000, and under the Value of£5oo, oooo — of the Value of<£5oo, oooo, or upwards -

Special Exemptions,

Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be (lain or die in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

England.

Scotland.

£ '

£. t. d.

IO --

2

- 5 8.11

*5

22

3°

40

5

60

75

90

no

135

160

185

210

260

210

360

410

460

55°

650

750

850

950

1200

1400

1600

2000

2500

3000

3500

4000

5000

000

6000 —

*[Seca//b§ is,] Legacy, specifick or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of £20 or more, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument of any Person out of his or her Personal Estate, and also upon the clear Residue, and upon every Part of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of every such Person, whether testate or intestate, and who shall have left, or shall leave, any Personal Estate of the clear Value of £100 or upwards, which shall remain, after deducing Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges, and specifick and pecuniary Legacies (if any), whether the Title to such Residue, or to any Part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any Testamentary Disposition, or upon In-testacy; where any such Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue of any such Personal Estate shall be given, or shall pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister, for every one hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or any Part of Residue, and so after the same Rate for any greater or iefs Sum, payable and to be paid on the Receipt or Discharge for such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue -

On the Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy, or any such Residue or Part of Residue of any such Personal Estate as above-mentioned, which

8

2 io —

2 io —

shall

199

C. 98.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Continued*

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on uhich the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

shall be so given, or shall so pass as aforesaid, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sitter of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the Deceased; for every one hundred Pounds of the Value of such Legacy or Residue, or Part £. s. d. £. s. d.

thereof, and so after the same Rate for any greater or less Sum — On the Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy, or any such Residue or Part of Reudue of any such Personal Estate as above mentioned, which shall be so given, or shall so pass as aforesaid, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sitter of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased; for every one hundred Pounds of the Value of such Legacy or Residue, or Part thereof, and so after the same Rate for any greater or less 4 4

On the Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy, or any such Residue or Part of Residue of any such Personal Estate as above mentioned, which shall be so given or shall so pass as aforesaid, to or for the Benefit of any Person, in any other Degree of Collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than as above described, or any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased; for every 5 5

one hundred Pounds of the Value of such Legacy or Residue, or Part

thereof, and so after the same Rate for any greater or less Sum — Exemptions. Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue of any Personal Estate, which shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased. Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue of any Personal Estate, which shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family. Certificate to be taken out by every Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or 8

other Engine, for the taking or Destruction of Game, yearly — — Special Exemption* The Royal Family. Certificate issued to or taken out by any Person under any Deputation or Appointment of Game Keeper (being a menial Servant), yearly — — — Special Exemptions. Persons appointed Game Keepers by any of the Royal Family within the Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, or other Royalties to them respectively belonging. Admittance, Instrument of, or any Minute, Memorandum, or Entry of Admittance, of any Member of the College of Physicians in Scotland, or of any Advocate, Clerk to the Signet, Solicitor, Procurator, Agent, or other Officer in any Court sa- 3 3 —

il — 1 1 —

whatsoever, or of any Notary Public in Scotland — — — Special Exemption. Annual Officer in any Royal Burgh, or of Regality, Corporation, or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of £\o per Annum, in Salary, Fees, or Perquisites. Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, issuing from or out of the Court of Session 16

or Court of Exchequer in Scotland — — — Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, issuing from or out of any Court in Scotland (not being the Court of Session or of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer), — 4 —

where the Matter in Dispute shall exceed the Amount or Value of five Pounds Deposition or Depositions of a Witness or Witnesses taken in any Cause or Suit before the Court of Session or Commission of Teinds, or Court of Admiralty in Scotland, or Commissary Court of Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause, before any — a —

inferior Court in Scotland - 2r

Deposition or Affidavit produced in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland — Special Exemptions. Depositions taken in any Cause or Suit before any of the Said Courts in Scotland, which is infilled in at the Instance of the publick Prosecutor for the publick Interest, or where the publick Revenue is concerned. Deposition#

200 c. 9S

SCHEDULE (A.) — Continued.

Name and Description of the InstruraenC, Auicle, or Thing, on which the Du y attaches. England. Scotland.

Depositions taken in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court aforesaid, where the Sum or Subject concluded for is under the Valucof £5 Sterling, exclusive of Cods. £n /. d. £ s* d*

Surrender or Resignation, principal or original Instrumerit of, of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tythes, Mills, Fishings, and other heretable Rights, to be made to any Subielt Superior thereof, or to any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates of others, who have Power to receive such Surrenders in Scotland -

Charter of Resignation, or of Confirmation, or of Novodamus, or upon Apprising or Adjudication made or granted by such Subject Superiors, or others as aforesaid Precept of Clare Condat, or principal or original Retour of any Service of Heirs of or in Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject Superior as aforesaid — Saifine, principal or original Indrument of, taken or following upon any Mortgage, Wadset, heretable Bond, Alienation, or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare Constat, Retour, Apprizing or Adjudication of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject Superior as aforesaid -

Surrender, principal or original Indrument of, or of Resignation, or Service, or Cognition of Heirs, or Charter or Saifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, holding Burgage or of Burgage Tenure -

Agreement made in Scotland, where the Matter shall be of the Value of £20 or upwards, whether the same shall be only the Evidence of a Contrail or Obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument, provided such Agreement shall not contain a Clause of Registration; upon any Number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Agrecmfent shall confid -

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Agreement or other Obligatory indrument, together with every Schedule, Receipt* Instru-snent, or other Matter, put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall confifi, (over and above the fird fifteen of such common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of -

Special Exemptions

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the Heads of Insurances to be made by the Corporations of the Royal Exchange A durance or London Afiuranoe, or the Corporations of the Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire, and London Assurance of Houses and Goods from Fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for any Lease at Rack Rent of any Messuage under the yearly Value of five Pounds.

Memorandum or Agreement for the Hire of any Labourer, Artificer, Manufacturer, or menial Servant.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the Sale of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

Memorandum or Agreement made between Mailer and Mariners of any coalling Vessel for Wages.

Letter or Letters containing an Agreement in respect of any Merchandize or Evidence of such an Agreement, which shall pass by the Pod between Merchants and other Peiions carrying on Trade or Commerce, and re-siding, and actually being at the Time of fending such Letters, at the Didance of fifty Miles from each other.

Disposition or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights in Scotland, upon any Number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated' at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Disposition or Conveyance mall confid -

And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated ac seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Disposition or Conveyance of Land or Heretable Rights, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Indrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall confid, (over and above the first fifteen such common Law Sheets, ) the further Sum of — — — -r-

19-

- 19 —

Heretable

201

SCHEDULE (A.) — Continued.

Name and Dtfaipiion of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England, Scotland.

-Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights for the Security of £*d' £. x. d.

any Sum of Money lent, not exceeding £100 — — For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed *100, — 19 —

and shall not exceed ^300^ - For the like Security where the Sun of Money lent shall exceed ^300, — i 1 19 —

and shall not exceed £$oo - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £500, — 2 19 —

and shall not exceed £ 1000 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed^ioooo, — 3 i9 —

and shall not exceed £2200 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £icoo. — 49 —

and shall not exceed ^3000 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed ^3000, — 5 19 —

and shall not exceed ^4000 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed ^4000, — 6 19 —

and shall not exceed ^'5000 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed ^5000, — 79 —

and shall not exceed £ 10, 000 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £ 10, 000, — 9J9 —

and shall not exceed £ 15, 000 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £ 15, 000, — 11 19 —

and shall not exceed £20, 000 - For the like Security where the Sum of Money lent shall exceed £ 20, 000 The said several and respective Duties on Heretable Bonds or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights to be payable and paid for and in respect of any Number of Words therein, not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, J of which any such Heretable Bond or Conveyance, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto shall consist. And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Heretable £ond or Conveyance of Land or Heretable Rights, together with every Schedule, Receipt, Instrument, or other Matter put or indorCed thereon or annexed thereto, shall conliit, (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of - Assignation of any Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights, upon any Number of Words not amounting to thirty common Law Sheets, (calculated — 14 19 —

19 19 —

- 19 —

at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Assignation shall consist And for every entire Quantity of fifteen common Law Sheets, (calculated at seventy-two Words to each Sheet, ) of which any such Assignation, together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put or indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall conli(l, (over and above the first fifteen common Law Sheets, ) a further Duty of — — — Bond, given solely as a Collateral Security for any Heretable Bond or Conveyance 19 —

- 9 —

of Lands or Heretable Rights - Copy attested, or Extract of or from any Deed, Instrument, or Writing, given out from any publick Register, or from the Books or Record of any Court in — 19 —

Scotland - Special Exemptions. Extra£U of the Decrees of Court, other than such formal Decrees of Registration as are usually annexed to the Extracts of Writings. Copies of Extracts or Protests upon Bills or Promissory Notes under forty Shillings Sterling. — 16

Award or Decree Arbitral made in Scotland, whether registered or not — — Writ or Instrument, with any Institution or Licence, that shall be passed or made by — 19 —

any Prclbytery or other Spiritual Power in Scotland — Testament Testamentor, or Tcltament Dative, or Eik thereto, to be expected in any Commissary Court in Scotland, for any Estate above the Value of £20 J — mm —

and under the Value of £ 100 — — — IO —

of, the Value of£100 and under the Value of £200 — — 2 -

Geo. III. D d Testament

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Tdlament Testamentor, &c. continued,

of the Value of £200 and under the Value of ^300 -r —

of the Value of £500 and under the Value of £450 —

of the Value of 2*45° and under the Value of 2°oo —

of the Value of £600 and under the Value of ^800 —

of the Value of £Soo and under the Value of £ j 000 —

of the Value of £1000 and under the Value of £1500 of the Value of £ 1500 and under the Value of £2000 —

of the Value of £2000 and under the Value of /,35oo —

of the Value of 2*3500 and under the Value of 2*5000 —

of the Value of £5000 and under the Value of 2*75°° —

of the Value of £y500 and under the Value of £iotoco —

of the Value of 2'io>oooo and under the Value of £ 12, 500 —

of the Value of £12, 500 and under the Value of £15, 000 —

of the Value of ^'15, 000 and under the Value of/.17, 500 —

of the Value of /'17, 500 and under the Value of £20, 000 —

of the Value of £ 20, 000 and under the Value of £25, 000 —

of the Value of £ 25, 000 and under the Value of £50, 000 —

of the Value of 2*30, 000 and under the Value of 2* 3j>00° —

of the Value of £35*000 and under the Value of 2*40, 000 —

of the Value of 2, 40, 000 and under the Value of /.'-5, 000 —

of the Value of £4.5, 000 and under the Value of / 50, 000 —

of the Value of £50, 000 and under the Value of /. 60, 000 —

of the Value of £6o, oco and under the Value of £y0, 000 —

of the Value of 2*70, 000 and under the Value of £'o0, 000 —

of the Value of £tio, oooo and under the Value of 2*90, 000 —

of the Value of £go, coo and under the Value of 2'100, 000 —

of the Value of £100, 000 and under the Value of £125, 000 of the Value of £'125, 000 and under the Value of £'150, 000 of the Value of £ 150, 000 and under the Value of £155, 000 of the Value of £iy5, oooo and under the Value of 2*200*000 of the Value of £200, 000 and under the Value of £ 250, 000 of the Value of £'250, 000 and under the Value of /'300, 00c) of the Value of £'300, 000 and under the Value of ^350, 000*of the Value of 2^35°»000 a°d under the Value of £'400, 000 of the Value of ^400, 000 and under the Value of 2 500, 000 of or above the Value of 25oo, oco -

England.

Scotland.

£'s--

II-----

15-----

22-----

30-----

40-----

50-----

60-----

75---

90---

no-----

135---

160 -

185---

210 -

260---

3IQ -

260---

4! O -

460 -

55° -

650-----

950-----

1200 — — 1400 — — 1600 -

2000 -

2500-----

3000 -

>5°°-----

4000 — — -000-----

JOOOO -

Special Exemption.

Testament Testamentor, or Testament Dative, or Eik thereto, of any common Seaman, Marine or Soldier, who shall be (lain or die in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

SCHEDULE (B.) STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Insurance upon every Sum of £ 100, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Warehousfcs, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly - Special Exemptions* Publick Hospital- Insurance made in Great Britain, for insuring any Houses or Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, within any Foreign Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. £ a. — 26 £. d. — *6

Advertisement

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 98.

SCHEDULE (B.) —

Name and Dele nation ol' the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

1

Ordered to he printed by his Majesty, his Heir6*or Successors.

Advertisement contained in the London Gazette, or any other Paper printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made publick, weekly or oftener, or yearly, monthly, or at any other Interval of Time exceeding one Week, or which shall be contained in or published with any Pamphlet whatsoever, so printed and dispersed and made publick -

Special Exemptions.

Single Advertisement printed and dispersed separately.

Daily Accounts or Bills of Goods 1 0, -r, .., a.

imported and exported - / Suchu B, 1]for Accounts contaimng no

Accounts of the Weekly Bills of ( 0 Matters. th"wh" have been

Mortality — — j usually comprized therein,

Pamphlets or Books, or Papers, commonly so called, (being larger than one whole Sheet, and not exceeding fix Sheets Octavo, or on a lelTer Page, or not exceeding twelve Sheets in Quarto, or twenty Sheets in Folio, ) printed in Great Britain, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper which shall be contained in one Copy thereof -

Special Exemptions.

Acts of Parliament.

Proclamations,

Orders of Council,

Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving, I

Acts of State, J

Printed Votes or other Matters by Order of either House of Parliament, Books commonly used in the Schools of Great Britain.

Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety.

Playing Cards, for every Pack which shall be made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain — — — " —

Dice, for every Pair which shall be made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain Hats made wholly of Felt, Woel, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or with any other Substance or Sub fiances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or distinguished, net exceeding the Price or Value of four Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace, ) which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person or Persons taking out a Licence for uttering or vending Hats by Retail, each Hat —

Made of any such Substance or Substance* as last above-mentioned, exceeding the Price or Value of four Shillings, and not above the Price or Value of seven Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace, ) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold, each Hat Made of any such Substance or Sub fiances as last above-mentioned above the Price or Value of seven Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of twelve Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace, ) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold, each Hat Made of any such Substance or Substances as last above-mentioned, exceeding the Price or Value of twelve Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of eighteen Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace, ) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold, each Hat

Made of any such Substance or Substances as last above-mentioned, exceeding the Price or Value of eighteen Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace, ) which shall be so uttered, vended, or fold, each Hat Plate of Gold which shall be made or wrought in Great Britain, and which shall or ought to be touched, aiTayed, and marked in Great Britain; for every Ounce thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity

Gold Watch Cases.

Special Exemption

D d a

England.

- s —

- 26

- 3

--6

i —

- 16 —

Scotland.

d.

- 3 —

- 26

- 3

- 6

3 —

16 —

Plat f

203

204

SCHEDULE (B.) — Continued.

Name and Description ul the Instrument, Article, or Tiling, mi which the Duty attaches. England. ScotUmi.

Plate of Silver which shall be made or wrought in Great Britain, aud4 which shall or ought to be touched, assayed, and marked in Great Britain, for every Ounce thereof, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity — — £ — 1 3 £. s. J. — *3

Special Exemptions.

Watch Cases — — -]

Chains -

Necklace Beads -

Lockets -

Philligree Work — — lf> Of Silver of any Weight whatsoever.

Shirt Buckles or Broaches Stamped Medals -

Spouts to China, Stone, or Earthen Ware Teapots — J

Tippings, Swages, or Mounts, not weighing, ten Penny Weights of Silver each, and not being Necks or Collars for Calhns, Cruets, or Glasses, appertaining to any Sorts of Stands or Frames; Wares of Silver not weigh ing five Penny Weights of Silver each, but this Exemption not to include Necks, Collars, and Tops for Callora, Cruets, or Glasses, appertaining to any Sort of Stands or Frames; Buttons to be affixed to or set on any Wearing Apparel; solid Silver Buttons and solid Studs, not having a bezclled Edge soldered on; wrought Seals; Blank Seals; Bottle Tickets; Shoe Clasps; Patch Boxes 5 Salt Spoons; Salt Ladles; Tea Spoons; Tea Strainers; Caddy Ladles; Buckles and Pieces of Garnish, Cabinets, or Knife Cafe3, or Tea Chests, or Bridles, or Stands or Frames.

Medicines, for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinchire3, Powders* or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder or Complaintincident to or in anywise affecting the Human Body; which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall not exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, and not exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and Sixpence -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and Sixpence, and not exceed the Price or Value of four Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of four Shillings, and shall not ex- ( ceed the Price or Value of ten Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of ten Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of twenty Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of twenty Shillings, and shall net exceed the Price or Value of thirty Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of thirty Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of fifty Shillings -

Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial, or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of fifty Shillings. — — 1

- 3

- 6

1 —

2 —

3 —

--ii

- 3

- 6

- 1

2 —

- 3 —

- 10 —

SCHEDULE of Drugs, Herbs* Pdls* Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, Preparations, and Compositionu

Adam's Solvent.

Addison's reanimating European Balsam. ./Ethereal Anodyne Spirit.

Ague and Fever Drops (by Wilson.) Amboyna Lotion.

ALL Foreign Medicines* except Drugs.

Amboyna Mouth Powder.

Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Pills. Salve.

Andalusia Water.

Anderson'a

Schedule of Dr«g3, &c. — Continued,

Anderson's Scots Pills.

Angibaud's Lozenges of Blois,

Anodyne Necklace.

Antipertuffis.

Appleby's Tea.

Arabian Balsam*

Arnold's Drops.

- Pills.

Arquebusade Water.

Aromatick Spirit of Vinegar*

- Condensed.

Asiatic Bilious Pills.

- Tonic Tindlure.

Austin's Chalybeate Pills.

Balm of Mecca*

Balsam of Iceland Liverwort*

Barclay's Antibilious Pills.

- Aflhmatic Candy.

Barlowe's Specific Medicine.

Barron's Cachou de Rose Lozenges. Barton's Alterative Pomade.

- Vital Wine.

Bateman's Drops.

- Golden Spirit of Scurvy Grass.

- plain Spirits of D.

Bay ley's British Tooth Powder.-Bealely's Family Plaifler,

Beaume de Vie.

BeikePs Tincture.

Bell's reflorative Pillsw Bonnet's Worm Powders*

Benzoin, Essence of.

Berry's Bilious Pills.

Betton's British Oil.

Birt's Martial Balsam.

Blair's Cephalic Fluid.

Boerhaave's Antiscorbutic Wine. Boldcrfon's Worm Cakes.

Bollman's Specific.

Bolton's Aflhmatic Tincture.

Bollock's Cordial.

- Grand Elixir.

Bott's Com Salve.

--Tooth Powder.

Bourne's Ethereal Essence.

Box's Magnesia Lozenges*

Brazil Salts.

Brodum'8 Botanic Pills.

- Botanical Syrup.

Nervous Cordial.

Browne's British Pills.

- Rheumatic Powders.

- Tindkire of Yellow Bark, -.

Bryant's Essence of Coltsfoot.

Camphor, ^Ethereal Essence of.

Cathcart's Edinburgh Ointment,

- Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain's Ointment;

- Pills.

Chapman's Cerate.

- Chilblain Water.

Ching's Worm Lozenges. Chinner's Pills.

Church's Anodyne Essence. ----- Chilblain Ointment.

- Cough Drops. - Eye Salve.

- Peroral Pills.

- Volatile Tincture.

Clerval's Syrup.

Clinton's Oil for Dcafnefsv

- Snuff.

Clyde's Balsam.

Collier's Assistant Pills.

- Ointment.

- Remedy for Fiflula and Piles.

Complin's Specific.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwell's Fruit Lozenges.

- Opodeldoc.

- Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Costello's Cerate.

- Collyrium.

Cottier's Rtfolvent and Healing Plaifler. Cox's Tincture.

Coxwell's Castor Oil Medicine. Culpepper's Herb Cordial.

Cundell'8 Balsam of Honey,

Curtis's Syrup.

Daffy's Elixir.

Dalby's Carminative.

Dalmahoy's Sal Poignant. / Tafleleis Salts.

Dawson's Lozenges. Deering's Drops. Delefcot's Myrtle Opiate. De Velno's Pills.

Syrup.

Dicey and Co's Bathing Spirits.

- Daffy's Elixir.

Dickenson's Cephalic Drops.

- Red Drops for Convulsions,

Drops for Fits.

Dixon's Antibilious Pills.

Donavan's American Vegetable Syrup. DoranllorfPs Opodeldoc.

Dutch Drops.

Earl's Remedy for the Hooping Cough, Edward's Ague Tincture.

Nipple Ointment.

Elixir of Longevity, or Sivcdish Preservative. Ellis's Aperient Pills,

Falck'8 Cerate.

Universal Pills.

Findon'i Drops.

Ford's Balsam of Horchound* Fordyce's cooling opening Pills. Fothergill'8 Pe6loral Pills. Rellorative.

Frau nee's Elixir.

Freake's Tincture of Bark, Freeman's Bathing Spirits. - Eye Water.

Friend

SCHEDULE (B.) —

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. Schedule of Drugs, &c. — Continued.

Friend to Man.

Frith's Antibilious Elixir.

Fry's Worm Pills.

Fryers Balsam.

Gamble's Aromatic Snuff.

Garaveni's Styptic.

Gardener's Ointment.

- Pills.

German Corn Plaister or Salve.

Gilbert's Roseate Lotion.

Glasse'3 Magnesia.

Godbold's Balsam.

Godfrey's Cordial.

- Rose Lozenges.

Gowland's Lotion.

Grand Specilic or infallible Antidote to Consumptions. Grant's Drops.

- Lisbon Tonic Pill3.

Green's Honey Lozenges.

- Oil, or Infallible Oil.

- Tooth Ache Pills.

Greencugh's Tin&urc.

- Tolu Lozenges.

Grey's Lozenges.

- Tooth Powder.

Griffin's Aflhmatic Tincture.

Grubb's Fryar's Drops.

Guest's Lotion.

- Pills.

- Powder.

- Tooth Powder.

- Welcome Guest.

Haarlam's Drops.

Hadley's Convulsive Powders.

Hallam's Anima of Quaffia.

- Antibilious rills.

- Quaffia Ditto.

Hamilton's Aflhmatic Effluvia.

- Cinnamon Drops.

- Corn Salve.

- Vegetable Balsamic Tin&urc.

Hannay's Wash.

Harvey's Anti-Venereal Pills.

- Grand Restorative Drops.

Hatfield's Tincture.

Hayman's Maredant's Drops.

Hayward's Stomachic Lozenges.

- Anti-acid, Ditto.

- Samaritan Water.

Hemet's Essence of Pearl.

- Pearl Dentifrice.

Heming's Pine Bud Lozenges.

Henry's Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar.

Magnesia.

Hewitt's Analambanic Pills.

Hickman's Pills.

Hill's Balsam of Honey.

- Bardana Drops.

- Canada Balsam.

- Essence of Water Dock.

- Gout Essence.

- Tincture of Centaury.

6

Hill's Tincture of Sage.

- Valerian.

Hodson's Aromatic Nervine Tea.

- Imperial Oil.

- Persian Restorative.

- Syrup.

Holdsworth's Lozenges.

Hooper's Female Pills.

Howell's Powders for Epilepsy.

Hunter's Elixir.

- Pills.

- Restorative.

Jackson's Corn Salve.

- Ointment.

- Tincture.

Jacobson's Cough Drops.

James's Analeptic Pills.

- Fever Powder.

- Medicine for the Dropsy.

Jebh's, Sir Richard, Elixir.

- Pills.

Jesuits' Drops.

Imperial Anodyne Opodeldoc.

Infallible Restorative.

Inglish's Scots Pills.

Johnston's Essence of Horehound.

Johntenocco's Tooth Powder.

Jones's Rheumatic Tindlurc.

Irvine's Fiuit Lozenges.

Juniper's Essence of Penny Royal.

- Peppermint.

Kennedy's Corn Salve or Plaister.

Keyfer's Pills.

Knight's Pills.

Lamert's Baifam.

Lancaster Black Drop.

Leake's Cerate.

- Chilblain Water.

- Pills.

- Purifying Drops.

Leathe's Lotion.

Le Cour's Imperial Oil.

Lee's Lozenges.

Lewis's Specific Pills.

- Tincture of Angustura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel.

Lockyer's Pills.

Lord's Corn Salve or Plaister.

Lorraine's Consumptive Pills.

Lourie's Eye Water.

Lowther's Drops.

- Nervous Powders.

Lozenges Aniseed.

- Benzoin.

- Camomile.

- Ginger.

- Horehound.

- Ipecacuanha.

- Patirofa.

- Peppermint.

- Poppy-

- Rose.

Lozenges

b,

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — Continued.

Lozenges Rofeated Liquorice.

- Specific.

- Spermaceti.

- Tolu.

Lucas's Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte's British Pills.

Lygnum's Antiscorbutic Drops*

- Lotion.

- Pills.

Magnesia Tablets.

Man's Cough Medicine.

Mapoon's Sanative Salve.

Marshall's Cerate.

- Wort Dissolvent.

Matthew's or Matthews's Alterative Medicine.

- Chymical Tincture.

- Remedies for curing Fiftula and Piles without cutting or Pain.

- Samaritan Rectorative.

Mayerlbich's Balsamic Pills.

- Mixture.

- Rellorative Powders*

Medley's Aromatic Herb Snuff.

Metallic Traclors.

Military Drops.

Millman's Itch Ointment.

Monfey's Rheumatic Powders.

Nailer's Corn Ointment.

Newton's Rellorative Tooth Powder.

Norman's Syrup.

Norris's Chalybeate Pills.

- Drops.

- Tonic Essence.

Norton's Maredant's Drop?.

Oliverian Ointment for the Piles.

Ormskirk Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dogi Palmer's Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Pafchall's Teething Remedy.

Pe&oral Essence of Coltsfoot.

Perkins's Metallic Tradors.

Perrin's Balsam of Lungwort.

Peter's Pills.

- Tinflure.

Pidding's Balsam of Liquorioe.

Pike's Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

- RLoyal.

Powell's Camphor Liniment.

- Eye Salve.

Price's Brcraftr Salve.

Prickett's Styptic.

Pullen's Antiscorbutic Pills.

- Purging Pills.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Radcliffe's Purging Elixir.

- Rheumatic Tincture*.

Refined British Oil.

Relfe's Nipple Ointment

Richardson's British Corn Salve Of Plaifler.

Riga Balsam.

Robbcrd's Cough Drops.

Robert's Worm Sugar Plums.

Roche's Embrocation.

Roe's English Coffee for Nervous Disorders.

Roger's Antibilious Elixir.

- Antiscorbutic Pills.

Rook's Balsam.

Rose Tablets.

Rufpini's Styptic.

- Tincture.

- Tincture for the Tooth Ache.

- Tooth Powder.

Ryan's Essence of Coltsfoot.

Rymer's Cordiac and Nervous Tincture.

- Detergent Pill.

- Essence of Garlick.

- Pe&oral Medicine.

- Tonic Pills.

Schnid's Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult's Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot's Gout Pills.

Senate's Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel.

Sharpe's Hepatic Pills.

Sibley's Lunar Tincture.

- Solar D°.

Simson's Infallible Ethereal Tincture.

Singleton's Golden Ointment.

Sloane's, Sir Hans, Pilb.

Smart's Tincture of Cafcarilla Bark.

Smellome's Eye Salve.

Smith's Antibilious Pills.

- Antihc&ic Balsam.

- Cooling-opening Pills.

- Drops.

- Purifying Pills.

- Rellorative Medicated-Wine.

Smyth's Drops.

- Rellorative.

Solander's Sanative Tea.

Solcy's Essence of Squills.

Solomon's Abftergeiit.

- Anti Impetigines.

- Balm of Gilead.

Speediman's Stomach Pills.

Specific Convulsion Drops.

- for the Yellow Fever.

- Remedy (by Weffcls.)

- Tincture.

Spence's Dentifrice.

Spillbury'8 Antiscorbutic Drops.

- Compound Essence.

SpinlufPs Aromatic Bilious Cordial.

Squire's Elixir.

Squirrel's Drops#

- Tonic Pills.

- Powders.

Steer's Camomile Drops.

- Camphorated Eye Water#

- Convuliion Oil.

Nitre Drops.

- Opodeldoc.

- Paregoric Lozenges#

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — Continued.

Walford's Pancreatic Powders.

Walker's Jesuits Drops.

- Specific Remedy.

- Stomachic Wine.

Walkey'i Tooth Powder.

Waller's Ointment.

Walsh's Coltsfoot Lozenges.

- Ginger Seeds.

- Pills

Ward's DrPpfy Pills.

- Essence for the Head Ache.

- Liquid Sweat.

; ----- Paite.

- Powders.

- Red Pills.

- Sack Drops.

- Sweating Powder.

- White Drops.

Ware's Aflhmatic Drops.

Warren's Analeptic Powders.

- British Tooth Powder.

Water's Artificial Miueral.

Webller's Diet Drink.

Welsh's Female Pills.

Wheatley's Ointment.

- Fluid.

Whitehead's Essence of Mu (lard.

- of Horehound.

- Pills.

Williams' Aperient Pills.

- Essence of Benzoin or Pulmonick Drops.

- Spa Elixir, or Restoratiye Dropc.

Willis's Aflhmatic Pills.

Winch's Cough Drops.

Wray's Ague Pills.

Zimmcrmair'3 Stimulating Fluid.

Or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same heretofore have been, now are, or shall hereafter be called, known, or distinguished, and also all Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Tindlures, Potions, Cordials, Electuaries, Plaiflers, Unguents, Salves, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, Medicated Herbs and Waters, chemical and officinal Preparations whatsoever, of the same or the like Properties, Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies with the Articles before mentioned, named, enumerated* or specified in this Schedule, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein the Person making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing to Sale the fame, hath, or claims to have, any occult Secret or Art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath or claims to have any exclusive Right or Title to the making or preparing the lame, or which have at any Time heretofore been, now are, or shall hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or which have at any Time heretofore been, now are, or shall hereafter be, by any publick Notice or Advertisement, or by any written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Labels or Words written, printed, or affixed to or delivered with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, or Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out pr necommended to the Publick by the Makers, Vendors, or Proprietors thereof, as Nostrums or Proprietary Medicines or as Specifics, or as beneficial to the Prevention* Cure, or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment, Disorder, or Complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the Human Body.

Special Exemptions.

All Drugs named or contained in the Book of Rates subscribed with the Name of Sir Harbottle Grimflone Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, macU in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and in another Book of Rates, intituled, An additional Book of Rates of Goods and Merchandises usually imported, and not particularly rated in the Book of Rates referred to in the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the

twelfth

Steer's Purging Elixir.

Sterne's Balsamic ALther.

- Stomachic Tablets.

- Tindlure and Gout Drops.

Storey's Worm Cakes.

Stoughton's Bitters.

- Elixir.

Stringes's Essence of Myrrh.

- Myrrh Dentrifrice.

*----- — Paregoric Lozenges.

Swedish Preservative, or Elixir of Longevity. Swinfen's Anti-Acid.

- Electuary.

- Ointment.

- Worm Sugar Cakes.

Swiss Balsam.

Talleless Ague Drops.

- Fever Drops.

Thomas's Tolu Essence.

Thompson's Ague Tincture.

Tickell's iEther.

Tincture for the Teeth and Gums.

Tooley's Cordial.

Tooth Ache Fluid.

Tooth Powder, Aftaftc.

- Paraguay,

- Royal.

Trotter's AJiattc Tooth Powder. Trowbridge's Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae, or Chilblain Water. Turlington's Balsam.

Vandour's Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten's Gout Cordial.

Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite's Worm Nuts.

Schedule of t)mgs, &c. — Continued.

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, with Rules, Orders, and Regulations, fgned by the Rtght Honourable Spencer Compton, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, and mentioned and referred to by an Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First; nor to any medicinal Drug or Drugs whatsoever, which shall be so uttered or vended entire with&nt any Mixture or Composition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatsoever, by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist, or Druggist, who hath served a regular Apprenticeship, or by any Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any Commission or Appointment, who shall have been duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office, or by any ether Person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this Act; sir to any Mixtures, Compositions, or Preparations whatsoever, mixed or compounded with or prepared from medicinal Drugs, medicated or chemical Preparations or Compositions, or other Ingrediebts bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues, or Efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such Surgeon, Apothecary, Chemist, or Druggist as aforesaid, or by any such Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any such Commission or Appointment as aforesaid, the different Denominations, Properties, Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Compositions, and Preparations as aforesaidT are known, admitted, and approved of in the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Disorder, Malady, Ailment, or Complaint, incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, and wherein the Person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering, or vending the fame, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult Secret or Art for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the fame, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclusive Right or Tide to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, of to the vending of the fame; and which Mixtures, Compositions, or Preparations, have not been, are not, nor shall hereafter be, prepared, uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any Time heretofore have been, now arc, or shall hereafter be, by any publick Notice, Advertisement, or by any written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Labels or Words written or printed, and affixed to or delivered with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Publick by the Owners, Proprietors, Makers, Compounders, original or first Vendors thereof, as Nostrums or proprietary Medicines, or 89 Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure, or Refief of any such Distemper, Mahtdy, Ailment, or Complaint as aforesaid.

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in England. Scotland.

f. s. d.

Great Britain, for every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall be hired to G I{

Horse, Mare, or Gelding, hired for a less Period of Time than twenty-eight fuc* ceflive Days, for drawing on any publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post, or otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or may be hereafter called or known, (if the Diilance at the Time of hiring such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall be ascertained, ) for every Mile such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall be hired to travel - G 1$

'Horse, Mare, or Gelding, so hired as last above mentioned, in any Case where the Didance shall not, at the Time of such Hiring, be ascertained, for each Day for which such Horse, Marc, or Gelding shall be so hired — — — 19 — i 9

Special Exemptions. Horses, Mares, or Geldings, used in Hackney Coaches licensed pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, where the Horses, Mares, or Geldings drawing such Hackney Coaches shall be employed to go no greater Diilance than ten Miles from the City of London or IVijlmwJler, or the Suburbs thereof. Carriage, whether a Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise,

Diligence, or othar Carriage with two or more Wheels, by what Name soever any such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, which shall bej employed as a publick Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying PalTcngers for Hire to or from different Places in Great Britain, and which shall be licensed for carrying not more than four inside Pafllngers, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel — — t 2

Geo. III. E e - Whick

210 C. 98

SCHEDULE (B

Name and Defciipiion of the Instrument, Article* or Thing* on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Which shall be licensed for carrying more than four, but not more than fix inside Passengers, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel - Which shall be licensed for carrying more than fix, but not more than eient< inside Passengers, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel - Which shall be licensed for carrying more than eight, but not more than ten inside Passengers, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel - Which shall be licensed for carrying more than ten inside Passengers, (Children in Lap excepted, ) for every Mile any such Carriage shall travel — £. s. s> £ ij

3* 3*

4

5 S

Special Exemption. Hackney Coaches licensed by the Commissioners for licensing such Coaches. Horse, Mare, or Gelding, entered to dart or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing whatsoever, over and above all other Duties chargeable by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament — — — 2 2 — 2 2 —

Schedule (C.)

ALLOWANCES AND DRAWBACK.

ALLOWANCES.

To every Person who, at one and the same Time, shall produce at the Head Office for Stamps in London, to be stamped, or shall buy of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, Vellum, Parchment* or Paper, charged with any Stamp Duty, to the Amount in the Whole of £30 or upwards, one Pound ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under £y*.

To Card Makers, on Payment of the Duty on Cards, Monthly, at the Time of settling their Accounts £1. iox. for every £ioo, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Stationers who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts, to the Amount at one and the same Time of £io, in consideration of their making no Charge to the Publick for the Paper stamped for Receipts, but actually and bond side felling the same for the Price of the Stamp only, seven Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred rounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in proportion for any greater or lefa Sum, not under the Sum £\o\ this Allowance being over and above the usual Allowance on the present Payment of Stamp Duties to the Amount of *30 and upwards.

To Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors of Newspapers, who shall not have raised the Price of their Newspapers above the Price at which the same were respectively sold at and immediately before the Time of passing the (37 G* AA of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein mentioned; and for better* securing the Duties on Certificates to betaken out by Solicitors, jlttomies, and others praQifingin certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and who shall at one and the same Time produce at the Head Office of Stamps, to be damped, or shall buy of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, Paper damped with the Duty chargeable on Newspapers, the Duties whereof shall amount to ten Pounds or upwards, in consideration of prompt or present Payment of such Duty, sixteen Pounds and eighteen Shillings for every one hundred Pounds on such Payment, and fa in proportion for any greater or less Sum not being under £10. But if any such Printer, Publisher, or Proprietdr shall have raised, or shall raise, the Price of his Newspaper above the Price at which the same was so sold at and immediately before the Time of passing the said A<fl of the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, then and in such Case no more or greater Allowance shall be made, in consideration of such prompt or present Payment than at the Rate of four Pounds for every one hundred Pounds, and foin proportion for any greater or less Sum not underlie.

To the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge respectively, the annual Sum of £$00 each.

To Persons who shall purchase at the Head Office for Stamps in London Stamps for Hat Linings to the Amount, at one and the same Time, oi£\o or upwards, ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps so purebaied, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under £10.

For receiving the Duty for and in respect of Fire Insurancess paying the same and making out the Accounts according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds so received, paid, and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, carrying on the Business of Sea Insurances within the City of London, who shall have given or caused to be given, (to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, ) Security by Bond for the Payment of the Duties on Sea Pc!: cie3, at the

Times

21 I

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 98, 99.

Times and in the Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners, and who shall duly pay the said Duties in the Time and Manner prescribed, one Pound ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties so paid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

For receiving the Duty for and in respect of Gold Plate or Silver Plate made or wrought in Great Britain, paying the fame, and making out the Accounts according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, two Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds so received, paid* and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Persons who shall at one and the same Time purchase Stamped Labels for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to £5 or upwards, five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under£5.

To Persons who shall at one and the same Time purchase Stamped Labels for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to £50 or upwards, ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lets Sum not under ^50.

To Persons who shall at one and the same Time purchase Stamped Labels for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to ^100 or upwards, twelve Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under £100.

To Clerks in any Court of Law or Equity, intrusted by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Sin Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies, and other Persons pra fifing in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to Warrants. Mandates, and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record as therein men- 25 G. 3. c. 80. ticneds to enter and file of Record certaM Memorandums or Minutes; for their Trouble in that Behalf two Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on such Memorandums or Minutes so cutcred or filed of Record as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Clerks of the Peace or their Deputies respectively, for and in consideration of their making out and delivering to the proper Officer of the Stamp Duties, according to the Directions of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (c. 46.) a List of Persons licensed to fell Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, at and after the Rate of one Farthing, for the Name of every such Person inserted in such Lift.

To Clerks of the Peace or their Deputies, or the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk respectively, for and in consideration % of their making out, according to the Directions of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (r. 50.) a List of Persons taking out Game Certificates, at and after the Rate of one Halfpenny for the Name of every such Person inserted in every such Lift.

To the Clerk of the Course, Book-keeper, or other Person authorized to enter any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, to ilart or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money, or other Thing, in consideration of his Trouble in receiving, accounting for, and duly paying the Duty imposed on such Horse, Marc, or Gelding, five Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties so received, accounted for, and paid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

DRAWBACK.

For or in respect of Gold Plate and Silver Plate wrought or manufactured in Great Britain, which shall be duly exported by way of Merchandize to Ireland or any Foreign Parts, the whole Duties which shall have beeu paid for the same.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years of his present Majesty.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for raising the Sum of eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities: And whereas an Act passed in the 37 G. 3. c. to* 4 forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain ^2 G.3, c. 8.

' Exchequer Bills, whereby certain Annuities were created, at and afttr the Rate of five Pounds per Centum ^19, per Annum, and were made Part of the Capital or joint Stock of Annuities created by the said hrll recited Act: And whereas it was by the said first recited Act enacted, that, after two Years from the End of thfc present War and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, at any Period of six Months,

ending on the fifth Day of April, or on the tenth Day of October in any Year, it should and might be lawful for any Contributor, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, to make Application to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to have the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other Annuities, as therein*after is mentioned, at his, her, or their Election; and that after six Months previous Notice of such his,

her, or their Intention, the said Annuities should be redeemed and paid oft', or converted into such Annuities accordingly: And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled did, on the eighth Day*of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, resolve that the Sum of eighteen Millions be raised*by Annuities; and did also resolve that every Contributor to the said Sum of eighteen Millions should, for every one hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal Sum of one hundred and twelve Pounds ten Shillings in Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the tenth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to be irredeemable, unless with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, until the Expiration of three Years from the Period at which the existing Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, should be redeemed and paid off, or the

E c 2*Interest

2t»

Perf< ns poflifltd ot Srt>ck in the 5 per Cent. Annuities granted by the recited Acts ui signilying to the Bank, before Crt. ber 5, 1804, their Desire of taking the Bene* fit oi this Art, Hull he entitled to tr.e Dividend due the loth October, and alf»to 1 ect ive certain Stack to the Amount of tool. Sterling, according to an Option of the Tteafuiy to be declared before Sept, ao, 1804.

39&*dG. J.

t. xlvii.

Duties payable on Tobacco or Snuff may be rfeertained

C. 99, too. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

f Interest payable thereon reduced; that every Proprietor of the said Annuities should, at his Desire, on three«Months Notice, be entitled at any Period of Time, not less than two Years after the End of the present War and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, to have the said Annuities redeemed, either by the Payment of one hundred Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of such Annuities, of one hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and Eight-pence Capital in the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, at the Option of such Proprietor: And whereas it is therefore expedient that Provision should be made to enable the said Parties to take the Benefit of the Terms contained in the said Resolutions in relation to such Annuities be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate possessed of any Capital Stock in the Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted by the said recited Acts of the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years aforesaid, who shall, by themselves or any Agents duly authorized, figr.ify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, their Desire to take the Benefit of the Terms contained in this Act, shall remain entitled to receive the Dividend which will become due on such Capital Stock on the tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four; and shall further, from and after the said tenth Day of October, be entitled to receive so much Capital Stock in the respective Annuities herein after mentioned, as shall be equal in Value to one hundred Pounds Sterling, estimated at the Option of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury (such Option to be declared on or before the twentieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four), in either of the two following Modes; that is to say, either such Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate shall be entitled to hold such Capital Stock as aforesaid as consolidated with and making Part of the Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, created by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving thereon one Half Year's Dividend on the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, and, in Addition thereto, so much Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as shall be equal to the Difference between the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling and the Value of one hundred Pounds Capital Stock in the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Value of such several Annuities to be ascertained at the Time and in the Manner herein after mentioned; or for every one hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock in the Annuities granted by the said recited Acts of the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years aforesaid, and in lieu thereof such Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate shall be entitled to so much Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum* as shall be equal to one hundred Pounds; and that the Value of every one hundred Pounds of such Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum* or in Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum* granted by an Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, shall be computed and taken on the Average Price of such Annuities respectively on the last ten Days on which any Transfer of Stock shall be made preceding the tenth Day of October aforesaid on which any Transfer shall have been made in either of the said last mentioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of England* after making Dc did ion of the Amount of the Dividend due or accruing thereon 5 such Average to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

The five per Cent. Annuities granted under this Act shall be added to the Joint Stock of five per Cents. §2. — 44 The three per Cent. Reduced Annuities so granted shall be added to the Joint Stock of three per Cents. Re- duced, §3. — Land Annuities shall be paid Half yearly, viz. five/<rr Cents. on 5th January and 5th July* 44 and three per Cents. Reduced, 5th April and 5th October, §4. — Payable out of the Consolidated Fund, subject to Redemption. — $ 5. (See §11.) — Bank shall appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, §6. — Accountant General shall insped the Receipt and Payments of the Cashier, §7. — Stocks shall be transferrable, §8. — - But the three ter Cent. Reduced given under this Act shall not be transferrable before April $* 1805. §914 Annuities shall be deemed Personal Estate, §10. — Bank shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act till Redemption of said Annuities, § n. — Treasury may reward the Bank for their Services in Execution of this Act, §12* — General Issue* Treble Costs, f 13."

CAP. C.

An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of his present Majesty, intitulecf, An Act for making Wet Docks* BafotUy Cuts* and other Works* for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping* Commerce* and Revenue within the Port of London; and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks.

[z8th July 1804 ]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks* Bcfons* Cuts* and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerccy and Revenue within the Port of London: And whereas it is expedient the said Act should be amended, and that further Regulations should be made in relation to the Docks, Quays, Warehouses, and Wharfs in the said Act mentioned, and to Goods and Merchandize discharged and laden in the said Docks: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I-ords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as directs and requires that the Duties payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, iu tefpedl of any Tobacco or Snuff, shall be ascertained at the Quays or Wharfs as therein mentioned, and not elsewhere, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the Completion of the Warehouse to

3 be

C. 100

213

be provided for Tobacco and Snuff under the Directions of this Actfc, such lad mentioned Duties may and shall be ascertained under the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively for the Time being, cither within the Walls of the Warehouses provided for depositing and lodging such Tobacco or Snuff as aforesaid, or upon such of the Quays or Wharfs in the said Docks, and not elsewhere, and under such Orders, Directions, and Rellri&ions as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time in that Behalf direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Gates and Doors of the said Docks, and all the Gates and Doors of such of the said Warehouses, Quays, and Wharfs, as shall be provided or appointed for the warehousing of or for the landing and ascertaining the Duties on Tobacco, Wine, Rice, Brandy, Geneva, or other Spirits; and also all the Gates and Doors of all such of the said Warehouses, Quays, or Wharfs as shall have any Goods or Merchandize deposited therein or thereon, subject or liable to any Dutie3 of Cu Horns or Excise respectively, shall be under the joint Locks of the said London Dock Company, and of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise, both or either of them, as the Case may require, or of their respective Officers, and shall be locked and opened only in the joint Presence of one or more of the Officers of the said Company, and of the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively employed for that Purpose, and shall never, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be opened but in the joint Presence of such Officers; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend the locking up and opening of the said Crates and Doors respectively, shall and they are hereby required to lock up and open the fame, or cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence at the Hours herein after mentioned for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from the twenty-first Day of March to the twenty-first Day of Sep-temher, both inclusive in every Year, the Gates of the said Docks, and the Gates of such of the said Quays or Wharfs as shall be provided for the landing or lading of any such Goods or Merchandize as aforesaid, according to the Directions of tlvis Act, shall be opened for Business at the Hour of fix in the Morning, and continue open until the Hour of fix in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of fix in the Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of fix in the Morning; and from the twenty-second Day of September to the first Day of November, both mclusive, and from the tenth Day of February to the twentieth Day of March, both inclusive, in every' Year, the said Gates shall be opened at the Hour of seven of the Clock in the Morning, and so continue until the Hour of five in the Afternoon, and so continue shut until the Hour of Seven in the Morning \ and from the second Day of November to the ninth Day of February, both inclusive, in everyr Year, the said Gates shall be opened at the Hour of eight of the Clock in the Morning, and so continue until the Hour of four in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of four in the Afternoon, and so continue shut until the Hour of eight in the Morning; and during the Period of such Gates being shut as aforesaid, no Person shall be allowed to come in or to go out of the said Docks, except through one Wicket or small Gate (not exceeding the Breadth of three Feet, and the Height of fix Feet six Inches) which shall be provided for that Purpose, and such Wicket Gate shall be wholly ihut at such Hours as shall be ascertained by a Table to be calculated, settled, and approved according to the Provisions of this Act, but so as that the same shall in no Case be opened before Daylight in the Morning, or kept open after Dark in the Evening: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to permit any Ships to come into or go out of the said Docks at any other Time than during the Hours so appointed as aforesaid for the Gates of the said Docks beipg kept open for the PurpoLs of Business, nor to permit any Ship or Vessel to pass, or be removed from the Balons of the said Docks into the River before Daylight in the Morning or after it shall be dark in the Afternoon.

IV. And, for preventing any Disputes as to the precise Period of opening and Hunting of the said Wicket*or small Gate as aforesaid, be it enacted, That the Directors of the said Company shall, before the opening of the said Docks for the Reception of Ships and Goods, cause to be made out a Table of the precise Hours and Times in each Month, or in each Week of each Month, at which such Wicket or small Gate shall be opened for the coming in and going out of any Persons into or out of the said Docks, together with such Regulations in relation thereto as may seem expedient, and shall submit such Table and Regulations to the Inspection, Approval, San&ion, and Correction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, in order to the securing the due and exact Observance of the Provisions of this Act in that Rtfpedl; and it shall be lawful for the said Directors from Time to Time, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to annul any such Table or Regulation, and to make any new Tables or Regulations in lieu thereof, subject to such Approbation and Sandlion as aforesaid; and the said Directors shall cause Copies of such Tables and Regulations to be hung up in conspicuous Parts of the said Docks for the Information of all Persons therein and resorting thereto; and the said Company and their Successors Hull at all Times be responsible for any Nc»lect or Default of their Officers and Servants in the Execution of such Regulations.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Holidays whatsoever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Works of the said Company, either by any Officer or Officers of or Ixlonging to his Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, except Sundays, Christmas Days, and Good Fridays, and any Days which shall be appointed by his Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fail or Thanfgiving, but that all Business of the said Company and relating to his Majesty*6 Revenue, and all Persons using the fiud Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Works, shall be carried on upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon any other Days in the Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods or Merchandize, which shall be brought into the said Dock on board of any Ship or Vessel, shall not be duly entered with the Customs and Excise respectively, within seven Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the said Goods or Merchandize shall have been reported at the Custom House, then and; n every such Case it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of the Company as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Directors thereof, on the next ensuing Day, not being

a Sunday,

within the

Warehouses,

See.

Gates of Docks and Warehouses, Quays, and W ha'is for storing Tobacco, Wine, Rice, and Spirits, shall be under the joint Locks of the Company and the Customs and Excise.

Gates of Docks, &c. shall be open only at the follon-ingTimes, vii. from l1st March to 21st Sent, from 6 at Morning till 6 at Evening; from 2id iept. to 1st Nov. and from 10th Feb. to 20th March from 7 till 5$ the rest of the Winter from 8 till 4.

Wicket Gate.

Ships.

Table of Hou«s for opening and (hutting WL'tet Gate shall be provided by the Company and approved by the Treasury.

No Holidays t« be allowed except Sunday, Chr\jimat Day, Good Friday, General Fajis, and Thank/-givings.

Company may land Goods in cale of 7 Days Neglect of Entry at the Custom House, &c.

Duties shall be p.ixl within thirty Day*.

No Fees shall be taken by the Company's Officers, or by th* Kcvenue Officers.

Penalty, refunding, and iiom tool, to 20l. fine.

But Revenue Officers may take lawful Fees on Goods exported.

Recited Act (Set' §59.) repealed as to Periods of P; i ment «f Duties.

Time* appointed for the Payment 4>f such Duties.

Mode of Cum-

pensation to Owners of Wharfs, &c. uodrr § liq. of recited Act extended to Wine Coopers and Vintner ?*<ers.

C. 100. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by his Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Faff or Thanksgiving, to cause such Goods or Merchandize to be forthwith landed and warehoused in the Presence and under trie joint Locks of the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, who are hereby authorized and directed to take a true and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species thereof; and in case ihe Duties on such Goods and Merchandize shall not be paid and discharged within thirty Day3 next after such Report as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Cuiloms, or the proper Officer of Excise, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, to answer and satisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of any Rates, Charges, or Expences, which may be due to the said Company, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods or Merchandize: Provided always, that if a Price cannot be obtained for such Goods or Merchandize equal to the full Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise thereon respectively, and the Charges of the Sale thereof, then and in such Cases all such Goods and Merchandize shall be effectually destroyed, or otherwise be foldaud disposed of in such Manner and for such Purposes, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Tec, Perquisite, or Reward, of any Denomination whatsoever, shall be taken, accepted, or received by any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall or may be cm. ployed in the Service of the said London Dock Company (other than the Salary or Wages that shall or may be paid or allowed to such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants respectively, by the said Company), nor shall any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward whatsoever be taken, accepted, or received by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Custom3, who shall or may attend, act, or be employed in the Discharge of any Duty, Office, or Employment of his Majesty's Customs, within the said Docks, Quays, Warehouses, or other the Premises of or belonging to the said Company, for any Service, Act, or Duty which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any Goods or Merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein; and that every Person taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward contrary to this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay back the Amount of the Fee. Perquisite, or Reward so taken, accepted, or received, and in addition thereto, any Sum not exceeding one hundred Pounds nor less than twenty Pounds, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated or applied by any Law or Laws relating to Customs or Excise respectively; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive or prohibit any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue from taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Per-quititc, or Reward, which by Law he now is or shall be entitled to, for or in respect of any Goods or Merchandize, which shall or may be exported from the said Docks, Quays, Warehouses in the said recited Act mentioned, and other Premises, whether the same Goods or Merchandize shall or shall not have been previously imported into and laden therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires the said Tonnage and Dock Duties in the said Act mentioned payable in respect of any Ship or Vessel to be paid before the Entry of such Ships or Vessels at the Custom House, and also so much of the said recited Act as appoints and directs any other Time or Times than are in this Act specified for the Payment of the Rates and Duties on Merchandize mentioned in the said Act, than the Time or Times in this Act mentioned in that Behalf, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Tonnage and Dock and other Rates or Duties, by the said recited Act granted and payable to the said Company, in respect of any Ships, or of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, shall in every Case be payable and paid as follows 5 (that is to say), the said Tonnage and Dock Duties shall be payable and paid within one Calendar Month next after the Ship or Vessel shall enter the Dock, or before leaving the same (whichever shall first happen); and the said Rates and Duties on Merchandize shall be payable and paid within one Calendar Month next after the Cargo of the respective Ship or Vessel importing the same shall have been completely discharged or unloaded, or in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be removed from the Quays or Warehouses of the said Company before the Expiration of one Calendar Month, then the said Rates and Duties shall be payable and paid in respect of the fame, previous to such Removal thereof; and in case Default shall be made in Payment of the said Rates or Duties or any of them for the Space of two Calendar Months next after the Expiration of such one Calendar Month as lall aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Directors to fell or cause to be sold all or any Part of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and out of the Monies thence arising to retain and pay all the Rates and Duties, which shall be payable to the said Company in respect of such Ship, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and all Charges and Expences of making such Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, and such of the said Goody, Wares, and Merchandize as shall remain unfold, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto.

XI. ' And whereas by the said recited Act Provision is made for making Compensation to the Owners and 1 Occupiers of legal Quays, Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks, and other Tenements and Hereditaments,

and to Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Owners of Lighters and Craft, and Free Carmen of the City of

London, or other Person or Persons interested in or employed upon the Business thereof respectively: And whereas Injury, Loss, or Damage may accrue to Wine Coopers and other Coopers and Vintner Porters, by 1 means of certain Provisions of the said Act and this present Act, be it therefore further enacted, That the Provision made in and by the said recited Act, for making Compensation to the several Description6 of Persons before mentioned, in respect of the Injury, Loss, or Damage they may futfer or fuffaiu by the Works therein

2 mentioned.

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 100.

2l5

mentioned, shall, and the Tame is hereby declared and enacted to extend to such Wine Coopers and other Coopers and Vintner Porters, who shall or may prove that they have suffered or sustained any Injury, Loss, or Damage, in the fair and legal Employment as Wine Coopers or other Coopers or Vintner Porters, by means of the same Works or the Provisions of this present Act, or by Means of any Rules or Regulations to be made by the find Directors of the said Company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of any Tobacco which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any Warehouse, provided or to be provided within the said Dock, for the Purpose of warehousing of Tobacco, there shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs, a Rent or Sum of four Shillings for each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of Tobacco, which shall be deposited or lodged in any such Warc-house; that is to say, two Shillings by the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, for each and every such Hogs-head, Cask, Chest, or Case of Tobacco, immediately at and upon depositing the same in any such Warehouse, and the further Sum of two Shillings by the Proprietor or Exporter before the same shall be taken from or delivered out of any such Warehouse, either for Home Consumption or Exportation; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the said Rent or either of the said Sums of two Shillings respectively at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then and in such Case such Tobacco shall and may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or fold, in like Manner as any other Goods or Merchandize may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or sold under the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be conftmed to extend, to charge the said Sum of four Shillings for or in respect of any Tobacco which shall have been removed from any other Warehouse under the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise; and all such Sums of Money so paid as aforesaid shall be paid into the Exchequer as Part of the Consolidated Duties of Customs,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to charge or receive any greater Sum of Monty for the Wharfage of any Tobacco or Snuff which may be deposited or lodged in or delivered out of the said Warehouse than is now charged and paid for Wharfage of the like Goods when landed at or shipped from any other legal Wharf or Quay; any Thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas it is by the said Act directed, that, during a certain Period, all Ships laden with.To-

hacco, and arriving in the Port of London for Discharge, shall unlade the Whole of their Cargoes within the said Docks; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to go on board and remain in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever within the Limits of the Port of London, and to search for any Tobacco or Snuff that shall be laden on board, or imported therein, or which shall be shipped or put on board any such Ship or Vessel to be exported, and to take Account of all such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, and to seize all such Tobacco and Snun there found, as by the Laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, Cases, and other Packages containing the fame, and also such Ship or Vessel, if the same shall be forfeited for or on account of such Tobacco or Snuff 5 and if any Person or Persons shall assault, most ft, obstruct, oppose, or hinder any such Officer or Officers of Excise from going on board or remaining in any such Ship or Vessel, or examining or searching the fame, or in seizing any such Tobacco or Snuff, or Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pound?, to be recovered an^applied as any like Penalty may be recovered and applied by any Law or Laws relating to the Duties or Excise: Provided always, that nothing therein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower any Excise Officer to go or remain on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Docks belonging to the West India Dock Company, during the Time that the Gates of the said Docks are required to be locked, by an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. (Sec 42 g

XV. 4 And whereas the obtaining of Permits for the Removal of Samples of Tobacco taken under the Directions of an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repeating the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting nenv Duties in lieu thereof, is attended with Trouble and ^convenience 5' be it therefore further enacted, That when and so soon as any Sample of Tobacco imported into the Port of London shall be drawn or taken, the same shall be tfell and effectually secured with Packthread and a Parchment Label affixed thereon, in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise, on which Label shall be written, by the Person or Persons applying for or drawing such Sample, the Plantation Mark, together with the Manifest, Number, Weight, and Tare of the Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Gale, from or out of which the same shall be taken, and also the Landing Mark and Number thereof, and the Day and Year on which the same was drawn or taken; and each such Label shall be signed by the Officers of Cunoms and Excise, who shall attend the drawing or taking and the making up of such Sample, and that no Sample or Samples of Tobacco so drawn or taken and made up, and to which any such Label as aforesaid shall be affixed, shall be liable to Forfeiture for being removed without Permit; any Thing in this or any other Act or Actsto the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always nevertheless, that the Package containing any such Sample or Samples of Tobacco, shall be marked on the Outside in large legible Characters with the Words, Samples of Tobacco: And provided also, that no such Sample or Samples of Tobacco shall be removed, unless at such Times as herein after mentioned, (that is to say, ) from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March in each Year, between the Hours of seven in the Morning and five in the Evening, and from the twenty fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, between the Hours of five in the Morning and seven in the Evening, except the same is or are removing or carrying by a known common Stage Coach, Waggon, or other Stage Carriage which usually travels out of those Hours, or by Vfztex by a Ship, Vessel, or Boat usually navigated in the fair Course of Trade out of those Hours.

Warehouse Rent, after the R.tie of 4s per Ho^lhcad, &c. shall he p.id for Tobacco warehoused.

Exception.

Application.

Wharfage of Tobacco or Snuif shall be paid as heretofore.

Officers may ge on board To-baccu Ships within the Port of London, and feiae Tobacco if forfeited, Sec*

Penalty on oblti u^ing Office*» 200L

Except in Vessel» in West India Docks while the Gates, are (hut.

3. c. cxiii. §8.)

Regulations to be observed on taking and removing Samples of Tobacco. (Sr* 29 C. 3*.

r.68. $ 36.)

216 C. ioo. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Penalty for removing Labels from Samples,

I col.

Commissioners of Customs may remove any Tobacco \o the Dock Warehouses.

London Dock Company shall be liable for Damage to Goods warehoused.

Powers of Tobacco Acts extended to this Act.

Goods other than Tobacco and Snuff landed on the Tobacco Wharf subject to Forfeiture.

Povisions of former Laws of Customs and Excise extended to this Act.

Harbour Matters and Dock Matters to observe the Directions of 19 G.^c. 48.

Agreements between Directors and Secretaries of the Customs and Excile in relation to Warehouses .confirmed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take any such Label as aforesaid from or off the particular Sample of Tobacco to which the same was originally affixed, and shall affix the same to any other Tobacco whatever, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all such Tobacco to which any such Label so taken off or from the original Sample shall be affixed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied by any Law or Laws relating to Customs or Excise respectively; any Tiling in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon after the passing of this Act as they shall deem it expedient, to direct any Tobacco or Snuff lodged in any Warehouse to be removed to the Warehouses provided and appointed for Tobacco and Snuff in the said Dock: Provided always, that the same shall be done free of Expence to the Owners or Proprietors of such Tobacco or Snuff.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods or Merchandize that shall be deposited or placed in any Warehouse under the Provision9 of this Act shall, during the Continuance of such Goods or Merchandize in any such Warehouse, sustain any Damage or Injury by reason of any Defect in such Warehouse, or for any Want of due Care in, or for any other Default of the said Company, or their Servants or Agents, for which the Proprietors or Owner or Consignee of such Goods or Merchandize would by Law be entitled to recover and receive any Compensation for such Damage or Injury, no such Compensation shall, after the passing of this Act, be recoverable against the Commissioners of Customs, or any Officer of the*Revenue, but such Compensation shall be recoverable against and from the Directors of the said London Dock Company, in like Manner in every Respect as every Compensation can or may by Law be recoverable in like Cases by any Proprietor, Owner, or Consignee of any Goods or Merchandize for any Damage or Injury thereto.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such or so much of the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever contained in any Act relating to any Tobacco or Snuff imported in(o or exported from Great Britain, as applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and not hereby repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for or rendered unnecessary, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Tobacco and Snuff brought into and landed or warehoustd in or laden from the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, or Warehouses, and shall operate and be in force in respect thereto as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claul'es, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and rc-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods or Merchandize, other than Tobacco or Snuff, shall at any Time be landed at or upon the Wharf or Quay within the said Dock, which had been or may from Time to Time be appropriated for the landing of Tobacco and Snuff, unless with Licence iif that Behalf granted by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise respectively, all such Goods and Merchandize which shall be to landed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be ftized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, whether relating to the taking of Bond or Security, or otherwise, provided or enacted by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, in force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, whether in relation to the Importation or Exportation, Warehousing, or Landing of any Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise as aforesaid, or for the better ascertaining or securing those Duties, not being expressly revoked, altered, orcontrouled by this Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Plarbour Master or Harbour Matters for the Time being of the Port of London, and the Dock Master and Dock Matters for the Time being of the said Dock Company, shall, in executing the Powers by Law vetted in them respectively, always observe, comply with, and use their bell Endeavours to enforce the Regulations and Directions contained in the Act of Parliament of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing Matters of Ships removing their Vessels which shall have come from or shall be bound to Foreign Parts, out of the Stream, except to the lawful Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers, inwards or outwards, so far as the same Regulations and Directions shall not obstruct, molest, or interfere with the free Use and Enjoyment of the said Dock and the Bason and other Works which shall belong thereto respectively.

XXIII. And whereas it has been and may become necessary, that the Directors of the said Companies, on Behalf of the said Company, and the Secretary to the Commissioners of Customs, and the Secretary of the Commissioners of Excise, on Behalf of his Majesty respectively, should enter into Contrafts and Agreements in relation to the providing Warehouses for Tobacco, or other Articles to be warehoused in the said Docks;

and it is expedient that all such Contrafts so made, should be made valid and effectual and binding on the Persons making the same, and also on the Successors of such Persons respectively be it therefore enacted, That all such Contrafts heretofore made, or that may hereafter be made by any of the Directors of the said Company, or by the present Secretary to the Commissioners of Customs, or by the present Secretary to the Commissioners of Excise, or any succeeding Secretary of Customs or of Excise respectively, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, as the Case may require, and of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual, and binding in Law and

Equity

A.D. 1804. 440 GEORGII III. C. 100 — 103. 217

Equity, on the Persons respectively entering into the fame, and also on the Successors of the Directors entering into and making the same, and on the said Company, and also on the respective Secretaries of the said Commissioners respectively for the Time being on Behalf of his Majesty, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and the Covenants and Agreements contained in any such Agreement shall and may be enforced and put in Execution by and against the Successors of such Persons for the Time being, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Agreements, as fully and effectually as if new Covenants and Agreements had been or were from Time to Time made for that Purpose by any such Persons; any Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

Publick Act, §24.u

Cap. ci.

An Act for permitting, until the first Day of Augiffl One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, die Port of Exuma> and the Port of Crooked Island % in the Bahama Islands* in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballad.

[28th July 1804.]

TT THE RE AS it is expedient to give due Encouragement to the making of Salt in all Parts of the Bahama. Islands, in the same Mariner as the making of Salt has been encouraged in Turks Islands, by the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India Islands y and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in the West Indies; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, and until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the said United States of America, coming in Ballad, and not otherwise, to enter the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, Ports in the before mentioned Islands, for the Purpose of being there laden with Salt, and for no other Purpose whatever; and subject to the Duties, Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions in the said Act contained respecting Ships and Vessels coming for the same Purpose to Turks Islands*

2SG.3. c. S*

American Vessels coming in Ballast may enter the Port* of Nassau, Exuma, and Crooked Island, t» be laden with Salt.

CAP. CII.

An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad teflijicandum, in certain Cases.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more cflfeftual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, that further Provisions Should be made for the rlTuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad teflifcandttm, in certain cases Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of his Majesty's Courts Any Judge of of King's Bench or Common Pleas of England and Ireland respectively, or any Baron of his Majesty's Court the Superior of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif in England, or any Baron of his majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland\ or any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, being such Judge or Baron as aforesaid, at his Discretion, to award a Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus, for bringing any Prisoner or Prisoners detained Writs of in any Gaol or Prison before any of the said Courts, or any Sitting of Nift Prhts, or before any other Court Habeas Corpus of Record in the said Parts of the said United Kingdom, to be there examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and f«* bringing to teilify the Truth before such Court*, or any Grand, Petit, or other Jury, in any Cause or Causes, Matter Record

or Matters, Civil or Criminal, whatsoever, which now are or hereafter shall be depending, or to be inquired^ examined into-or determined in any of the said Courts. as Witnesse*.

II. And be it farther enacted, That every Justice of Great Session in Wales, and in the County Palatine of ]n Wales Chestert shall have the like Authority within the Limits of his Jurisdiction. Justices of Great SeiKons shall have like Authority.

Cap. cm.

An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland and for preventing Frauds therein, be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, in lieu and instead of the Charges now required by Law to be made in the Cases herein after mentioned, any of the Officers of Excise taking or keeping an Account of Walh, Pot Ale, and Low Wines of any Distiller, shall, upon any Decrease of Walh made from Corn, charge such Distiller with so much Singlings or Low Wines, being the first Extraction of Walk made from Coro, as one-third Part of the said Walh so decreased shall amount unto; and also with so Geo. III. F f much

Mods of charging Distillers in respe&of Wash, after 29th Sept. 1804.

fSer aqG, 3.

/.)c. 67.*a7j

21 B

TVoportion of

Diimttu of Still to its Altitude.

Penalty for exceeding the Proportion, Forfeiture of Still, and tool. Charges on Dii> i liers in respect of the Content of Stills.

40 t7» J. .67, §8-J

Distillers stall keep no route Wurmt than SulU.

Penalty tool.

Spirits shall not be fenl out by Night without Notice,

Distillers shall not be Spirit Factors.

Sale ofperi/ha b.'f Cuods seized.

C. 103. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

much Doublings or Spirits of the second Extraction, as two-fifth Part* of the said Singlings or Low Wines so charged as aforesaid shall amount unto, and shall charge such Distiller with Duty for inch Quantity of Spirit* accordingly; and that when any Still shall be charged with Pot Ale or Wash made from Corn, such Officer shall in like Manner charge the Distiller with so much Singlings or Low Wines, as one-third Part of the Quantity which such Still shall be capable of containing shall amount unto; and also with so much Doublings or Spirits of the second Extraction, as two-fifth Parts of the said Singlings or Low Wines so charged as aforesaid shall amount unto 5 and shall charge such Distiller with the Duty for such Quantity of Spirits accordingly, .deducing in the said last mentioned Case one-twelfth Part of the Quantity which such Still shall be capable of containing, for Liberty for such Still to work; and the Officers of Excise making Returns of the Quantities of Spirits distilled by any Distiller, and of the Duties thereon, shall make such Retunis accordingly, and the Distil-ler shall pay the Duties so charged and returned, in like Manner a3 is required by Law with respect to the Charges, Returns, and Payment of Duties under any AC or ACs in force before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, no Brazier or other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other manufaCured Metal, shall make, or have in his Possession, nor shall any Distiller or Distillers have, keep, or make use of any Still, the Diameter of which shall exceed the Altitude thereof, in a greater Proportion than three Inches of such Diameter to one Inch of such Altitude, such Diameter to be taken in the widest Part thereof, and such Altitude to be taken in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Mouth of the Body of the Still to the Centre of the Bottom thereof; and if any Brazier or other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other manufaCured Metal, shall, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, make, or have in his Possession, and if any Distiller, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, shall nave, keep, or make use of any Still, the Dimensions of the respective Diameters whereof shall exceed the respective Proportions herein-before mentioned, every such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons making, keeping, or using the fame, or having the same in his, her, or their Possession, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, all and every Distiller and Distillers of Spirits in Ireland shall be charged with and shall pay Excise, in respect of each and every Still belonging to such Distiller or Distillers, for the respective Number oi Charges of Low Wines herein after respectively mentioned, for twenty-five working Days next after the Day on which each and every such Still respectively shall from Time to Time be unlocked or set to work pursuant to Law; (that is to say, ) for each and every Still of three thousand Gallons Content or upwards, for twenty-five Charges of Low Wines for twenty-five working Days; for each and every Still under three thousand Gallons Content, and not less than two thousand five hundred Gallons Content, for twenty-six Charges of Low Wines for twenty-five working Days; for each and every Still under two thousand five hundred Gallons Content, and not less than two thousand Gallons Content, for twenty-seven Charges of Low Wines for twenty-five working Days; for each and every Still under two thousand Gallons Content v and not less than one thousand five hundred Gallons Content, for twenty-eight Charges of Low Wines for twenty-five working Days; for each and every Still under one thousand five hundred Gallons Content, and not less than one thousand Gallons Content, for thirty Charges of Low*Wines for twenty-five working Days; for each and every Still under one thousand Gallons Content, and not less than five hundred Gallons Content, for thirty-four Charges of Low Wines for twenty-five working Days; for each and every Still under five hundred Gallon: . Content, and not less than two hundred Gallons Content, for forty-three Charges of Low Wines for twenty-five working Days; and shall also be charged with and pay Excise for as much more Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, after the Rate required by Law, as he or she shall distil within such twenty-five working Days and every subsequent Day, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall keep or have in his Possession any greater Number of Worms of Stills than the Number of Stills which he or she have been licensed to keep, nor shall use ia diddling of Spirits any greater Number of Worms than one Worm with any one Still, without the Consent of the Commissioners of Excise first obtained in Writing under their Hands for that Purpose; and if any greater Number of Worms of Stills shall be found in the Distillery of or in any other Place belonging to or occupied by any Distiller, than the Numher of Stills which such Distiller shall be ucensed or allowed as aforesaid to keep; every such Worm of a Still so found, and also every Still with which more than one Worm shall be used, or to which there shall be more than one Arm, shall be forfeited and seized; and the Distiller in whose Possession any such Worm or Worms or Still shall be found, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall deliver or carry out any Spirits to any Person or Persons without Notice first given to the Officer of Excise for the Place or District where such Distiller shall live, to the Intent that such Officer may be present to fee and gauge such Spirits, unless between Sunrise and Sun#-set, upon Pain that every Distiller doing contrary hereunto shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, and all such Spirits shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall be licensed to fell or deal in Home-made Spirits or Foreign Spirits on Commission or otherwise; and that no Distiller shall deal in or fell any Spirits by Commission or otherwise, except such Spirits as shall have been distilled in some Distillery of his own, duly entered; and if any such Distiller shall fell or deal in any Home-made or Foreign Spirits by Commission or otherwise, contrary to this Act, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

t Provisions of Irifl, Act, 40 G. 3. c. 67, extended to this Act, §7."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all perishable Goods which shall be seized by any of the Officers of his Majesty's &crqpUc, or otilcr Person or Persons, shall and may be sold at any Time after the Seizure thereof,

with

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 103.

with the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof, by Order of the Chief Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or any one or more of them, or by Order of the Collector or other Chief Officer for the Time being of his Majesty's , Revenue for the District in which such Goods shall be seized, (except the Collector of DubTtn City Excise, and the Collectors of the Port of Dublin and County of Dublin, ) and the Produce arising by and from such Sale shall be accounted for and paid to such Person and Persons respectively as shall be by Law entitled thereto, within one Week after the Time limited by Law for appealing from any Judgement or Proceeding, whereby such Goods shall be condemned or acquitted, shall have elapsed, or, in case of any Appeal, within one Week after the Determination of such Appeal; and the Produce arising by and from such Sale, after deducting the Duty due and payable to his Majesty on such Goods, being paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, shall be in full Satisfaction of the Goods so seized.

IX. And to obviate the Inconveniencies which may arise to the Publick by the Absence of the Collectors of the Revenue in Ireland from their respective Diilridls, > be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Collectors of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland to make Oath of the Truth of their respective Accounts, before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, within the Cities or Counties where such Collectors shall respectively reiide; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas it has been deemed expedient to change the Mode of collecting the Revenue arising from 1 Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, or Ale in Ireland, by imposing a Stamp Duty on such Licences; be it therefore enacted, That all Clauses, Directions, and Provisions, contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act, whereby the Collectors of Excise in Ireland are empowered to receive the Duty on such Licences, or to give any Receipt for the fame, or to receive or retain any Fee, Payment, Allowance, or Sum or Sums of Money on account of such Licence or of the Duty payable thereon, or as directs or requires any such Receipt to be indorsed on any Certificate required by the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, so far as the same relate to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, or Ale, to be of force in Ireland after the twenty-eighth Day of Scp- tember One thousand eight hundred and four.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Stamps required for such Licences under an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be from Time to Time found and provided by the Clerks of the Peace for the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns in Ireland, or by the Persons applying for such Licences; and such Clerks of the Peace shall be entitled to receive, from the Person or Persons applying for such Licences, the Amount of such Stamp Duty in addition to all such other Sum or Sums of Money as they are entitled to receive under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to such Licences, and that the Payment of the said Stamp Duties by the Person or Persons applying for such Licences shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties payable by Law under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, except the Duties payable to the Superintcndant Magistrate of the City of Dublin; and a Licence granted on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, duly stamped, with the Sum required by Law for the Purpose, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may be given by the Clerk of the Peace, as if the Collector had indorsed thereon his Receipt of the Duty payable for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall grant or ifftie any Licence for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, or Ale, by Retail, which shall be written or printed on unstamped Parchment or Paper, or on Parchment or Paper not duly stamped, every such Clerk of the Peace shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the fame* by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; and if upon any such Action or Information a Verdict shall be given and Judgement entered thereon against the Defendant, such Clerk of the Peace shall forfeit his Office, and be for ever disabled from being again appointed thereto.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns in Ireland, shall and they are hereby directed and required, within one Month after the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and so annually within one Month after the twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every subsequent Year, to make out and transmit to the Commissioners of Excise in Dublin, a Lilt containing the Number of all such Licences as shall have been granted by them respectively, previously to the said twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and previous to the twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every subsequent Year, which Lift shall contain a true Account of the Number of all Licences so granted previous to such twenty-ninth Day of Se^ tember, and also the Names of the Persons to whom such Licences were granted respectively, and the Place where the same are granted for, and the Names, Descriptiona, and Places of Abode of the Sureties for each such Person, and the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid thereon respectively; and if any such Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or neglect to make out and transmit such Lifts, or shall make or transmit any false or untrue Lift, he shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to, nor shall ask, demand, or receive any Fee, Payment, or Gratuity whatever, for the providing of the said Stamps, or for the making or transmitting of such Lifts, or for the granting of such Licences, other than such Fees as he is entitled unto under any Ad in force in Ireland before the passing of this Act; and if any such Clerk of the Peace shall alk, demand, or receive any other or further Fee, Payment, or Gratuity for the fame, directly or indirectly, he shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

Ffa'XV.'And

219

Collectors may (wear to (heir Accounts before Justices of Peace.

Colte&ors of Excise shall no longer receive Spirit Licence Duties.

[See Geo. 3. f. 67. $ 17. and C. 68.]

Clerks of Peace shall provide Stumps for Spirit Licences under 44 G. 3. c. 68.

Penalty 00 Clerks of Peace issuing such Licences unfiamped.

Clerks of Peace shall annually make Returns of Licences so issued te Commissioners of ExcKt*

Clerks of Peace shall not demand additional Pees*

44° GEORGII III.

Com pen ration to CoUe&ors of Excise for LoCx offset.

Stamp Duties on Permits under 44 G. 3* c. 68. fluJI be paid by Parties requiring the same.

Import ing Merchants shall not give Certificates (or Re* moval of Wine.

[See 40 (7. 3.

(I.) c. 68. $ 8.]

Officers wounded may be rewarded, under Directions of Treasury.

AH Officers

appointed shall be considered as the proper Officers.

Salt may be landed on Bond, before Payment of Duty.

400.3. (I.)

*.43. §146.

C. 103.

A.D. 1804.

XV. And whereat in consequence of the Alteration in the Mode of collecting the Duty on such Licences- the Collectors of Excise in the several Districts will lose the Fees and Sums of Money heretofore payable to them thereon be it therefore enacted, That during such Time as the several Ferfotis, now holding the Office of Collectors of the Excise in their respective Districts in Ireland, shall continue to hold and enjoy the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to pay to such Collectors respectively, or by an Order under the Hands of such Commissioners to allow such Collectors to dedud and retain, out of any Money in their Hands, such Sum and Sums of Money as shall appear to the said Commissioners-, in consequence of the Returns herein required to be made by the several Clerks of the Peace in Manner aforesaid, to be equal to the Sum or Sums of Money which such Collectors would respectively have been legally entitled' to have received, on the granting of all such Licences within their respective Districts, in case the Duty on such Licences had been continued to be paid to Inch Collectors in Manner directed by any Act or Acts- relative to such Licences in force in Ireland before the passing of this Act

XVI. And whereas by the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, certain Stamp Duties are imposed on Permits relative to Exciseable Goods, and the Certificates thereof required by Law be it therefore enacted, That all such Stamp Duties shall be paid by the Persons requiring and taking such Permits and Certificates respectively, at the Time of their taking or receiving such Permits and Certificates; and that all Permits and Certificates not duly damped shall be actually void, and shall not protect any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize mentioned therein; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and required to provide Permits and Certificates duly damped, and to make such Rules and Regulations for the Payment of the Stamp Duty thereon, by the Person or Persons requiring and receiving the fame, as to such Commissioners shall from Time to Time seem expedient.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fird Day of August one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall not be lawful for any Importing Merchant in any Port in Ireland, to give any Certificate for any Foreign Wine, which such Importing Merchant shall fell to Persons redding within the same Port or Place where such Merchants have imported such Wine, nor shall any such Certificate have any Force or Effect to protect such Wine within such rort or Place, or to prevent the Necessity of a Permit for the Removal of such Wine within such Port or Place, any Thing in an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better regulating the iffiang and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And, for the Encouragement of Officers of the Revenue and others in the Performance of their 1 Duty, ' be it enacted, That in all Cases when any Officer of the Revenue, or any Seaman employed in the Service of the Cudoros or Excise in Ireland, shall be killed, maimed, or wounded in the Execution of his Offiio or Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, or for the Commissioners of Cudoms or Excise respectively, as the Case may require, to make such Provision for such Revenue Officers, and son such Seamen so maimed and wounded, or for the Widows and Families of such as shall be killed, as they shall be authorized and empowered to do by Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Officer of the Cudoms or Excise in Ireland, shall be appointed or directed by the Commissioners of Cudoms or Excise to do, perform, or execute any Business or Duty in Matters rebring to the Cudoms or Excise, the Officer so appointed or directed shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be held and considered to be the proper Officer for the Purposes for which he was. so appointed or directed; and that in any Matter or Suit relating to the Duty performed by the Officer so appointed or directed, all Books and Papers of such Officer so appointed or directed, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken to be, and shall be read and admitted in Evidence as the Books and Papers of the proper Officer.

XX. And whereas it is expedient to permit the Landing of Salt in Ireland for the Purpose of warehousing the fame, in Manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That any Foreign Salt, or any Salt of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be duly and fairly imported into Ireland, in any Quantity not less than fifty Buffiels, upon due Entry thereof, may forthwith, and before Payment of all or any Part of the Duty payable on the Importation thereof, by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, be landed at such Ports or Places in Ireland, as the Commissioners of Cudoms in Ireland may from Time to Time direct and allow, in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Cudoms at such Port, from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, any Thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for better regulating of his Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such Salt so landed for the Purpose of warehousing shall be weighed and carried and put into his Majesty's Warehouse, or into such other Import Warehouse, Storehouse, or Celbr, as shall be for that Purpose provided, and shall be approved by the said Commissioners of Cudoms, or by the Collector and Port Surveyor at the Port, at the Expence of the respective Proprietors or Importers of such Salt, and under such Rules and Regulations as the bid Commissioners of Cudoms shall direct and appoint 5. and that the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers of such Salt, shall give good and sufficient Bond or Security, to be also approved of by the said Commissioners of Cudoms, or by the Collector and Comptroller of the Port, in double the Amount of the Duty payable by Law on the Importation of any such Salt, conditioned feu* the Payment of all such Duty as. shall be payable on all such Salt at the Time of taking the same out of Warehouse, before such Salt shall be taken out of Warehouse, in cab the same shall be so taken out within Twelve Calendar Months, or in case such Salt shall not be so taken out of Warehouse

within

221

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. 103.

within such Twelve Calendar Months, then for the Payment of such Duty at the Expiration of such Twelve Calendar Months, which Duties shall be charged according to the Quantity of such Salt, as the same shall be ascertained by the proper Officer at the Time when such Salt shall be landed and warehoused as aforesaid.

XX T. And be it further enacted, That no such Salt shall be put into or delivered out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, in any less Quantity at one Time than fifty Bushels, and when and so often as the Importer or Importers, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt, shall be defirotis of or have Occasion to put any such Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, he, she, or they shall give twelve Hours previous Notice thereof in Writing to the Storekeeper or other proper Officer, specifying in such Notice the Day, and Hour of the Day, when he, she, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any such Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, and the Quantity of Salt intended to be put into or delivered out of the fame; and such Storekeeper or other Officer is hereby authorized and required to attend, in pursuance of every such Notice, for the Purpose of receiving or delivering and taking Account of the Quantity of such Salt accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so warehousing such Salt shall desire to take the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months after the same shall have betn so warehoused, it shall and may be lawful for him so to do, on paying to the Collector of the Port the full Amount of the Duty payable on the Importation of such Salt, according to the Quantity of such Salt, as the same shall have been ascertained at the Time of its being warehoused; and, upon the Production of the Collector's Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the said Salt, and to deliver the same to the Owner thereof 01 to his Order, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs may from Time to Time order, diredf, and appoint.

XXIII. ' And whereas it is expedient to allow such Salt to be taken from and out of such Warehouse,

Storehouse, or Cellar, at certain Ports in Ireland, to be exported to Newfoundland, for the Purpose herein after

mentioned, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, within twelve Months after the Importation and landing of such Salt, to take, free of Duty, for the Purpose of immediately exporting the fame, in any Ship or Vessel not of less Burthen than forty Ton3, to Newfoundland, for curing Fish to be there caught, any Quantity not less than fifty Bushels at a Time of such Salt, from and out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, at the Ports of Waterford, Ross, Cork, and Limerick, upon the Person or Persons so taking out such Salt firit giving the like Bond or Security, as by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for better regulating the Collection of his Majesty* Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, is required and directed to be taken for or in respect of Salt, the Produce or Manutadure of Great Britain or Ireland, delivered for Exportation; and the giving or entering into such Bond or Security, together with the Exportation of such Salt to Newfoundland as aforesaid, shall vacate the former Bond or Security for Payment of the Duties on the Importation of such Salt, so far as such last mentioned Bond or Security relates to such Duty, for or in respect of the Quantity of such Salt so taken out of such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid: Provided always that such last mentioned Bond shall be and remain in full force and Effect as to all the Salt specified therein, or to which the same shall relate, except the particular Quantity or Quantities thereof so taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons importing Salt in any Vessel arriving in the Harbours of Waterford, Rofsy Cork, or Limerick, after Invoice and Entry of the fame, and within twenty-one Days after the Arrival of such Salt at such Port, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners of the Cuiloms, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Commissioners of the Customs shalldiredt and appoint, to trans-fiiip such Salt or any Part thereof, in the Presence of the Officer or Officers to be appointed for that Purpose, without landing or warehousing the fame, and without Payment of any Duty on the Importation thereof, and to lade the same in the Presence of any such Officer or Officers on board any Ship or Vessel clearing out from the said Ports for the Newfoundland Fishery: Provided always, that the Person or Persons so trans-shipping such Salt shall, before commencing the Trans-shipment thereof, give Bond for the due Exportation thereof to Newfoundland, in like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to Salt which shall have been warehoused and taken out of Warehouse for Exportation to Newfoundland.

XXV. And, for securing the Duty on Wood imported into Ireland be it further enacted, That every Importer or Proprietor of Wood so imported and subject to Duty by the Load of fifty Cubick Feet, or by the Ton, shall give twenty-four Hours Notice to the Surveyor or Land-waiter appointed to attend the Dii-charge of the Ship or Vessel in which such Wood shall be imported, of the Time and Place when and where the Admeasurement of the same is intended to take place, and such Admeasurement shall take place betwten the Hours of ten in the Morning and three in the Afternoon; and such Importer or Proprietor shall cause all such Wood to be so placed as to enable the Officer or Officers of the Cuiloms, and his and their Assistants, with Ease and Convenience, to take the Dimensions of every Piece of Wood so imported, and no such Wood shall be carried or conveyed away by such Importer or Proprietor nor shall be discharged before it shall be so measured and the Dimensions thereof taken by the Officer, and the Duty thereon paid, or secured to be paid, according to Law 5 and if any Importer or rroprietor of such Wood shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or to afford such Assistance to the Officer or Officers as is herein required, or shall carry or convey away any such Wood before the same shall be so measured by the Officer, and the Duty paid or secured as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Importer and Proprietor shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXVI. ' And whereas it is expedient to allow so much of the Duty on the Wines herein after mentioned,

as exceeds the Duty on Portugal Wines and Spanish White Wines, to be secured by Bond in Manner herein-

after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July One thousand eight

3 hundred

Notice shall be given of lodging Sail or taking it out of Warehouse.

Salt may be taken out for Home Consumption on payment of Duty.

Salt may be taken out of Warehouse at certain Ports and rx|x>rted to Newfoundland for curing Fish Dut>free, under Regulations of 40 G 3. (I.)

\ >53-

Salt may be trans shipped for I ke Purpose* from Vessels in certain Ports, without being warehoused, on paying Duty.

Importer of Wood liable to Duty by the Cubick Foot, shall give Notice to the Officers, & c.

Penalty took

Part of the Duty on Spanish Red Wines, under 44 G. 3* €67. [hi

222

Schedule (A.) X < 6. that Jfl] may le ponded.

All Wine whatever dull in future be entered as filled.

44 G. 3. c. 16, [S'? Schedule (A.) Wine.]

Dfftillers may warehouse Spirits without Payment of Duty at certain Ports in Ireland, under the Regu-Jations herein* After mentioned.

Distillers shall give Notice to Officers and Storekeeper of the Time he intends to warehouse any Spirits.

Officer shall attend at Distiller'* Stores during Removal, and shall note Decrejfe in his Stock Book. Penalty on Distiller not delivering such Spirits into Warehjufe*,

10 s, per Gallon andalikeC^uan-lity of Spirits.

C. 103, 104. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful for any Importer, Dealer, or other Person, chargeable with the additional Duty of sixteen Pounds nineteen Shillings and Eight-pence, imposed on Spanish Red Wine or any other Wines of the Dominions of Spain* and the Wines of Naples and Sicily, under and by virtue of an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, therein mentioned, into Ireland; and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland 5 and for the Increase of certain public! Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency, to give Security by Bond to his Majesty with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, to be approved of by the Collector of the District in which such Importer, Dealer, or other Person resides (which Bond such Collector is hereby authorized to take for his Majesty's Use in a sufficient Penalty) for the Payment of the Sum of seven Pounds on every Tun of such Wine, as and in Part of the said additional Duty of sixteen Pounds nineteen Shillings and Eight-pence, conditioned that such Importer, Dealer, or other Person, shall pay the said Sum of seven Pounds per Tun on the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, all Wines imported into Ireland shall be entered and charged with Duty as filled Wines, and not otherwise, without any Allowance thereon for Leakage or otherwise, any Thing in an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jive, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, IVarcs* and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, and also for charging certam Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates* Duties* and Taxes, Bounties, asid Drawbacks, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Penalties shall be payable in British Currency, and be recovered as under former Excise Acts, §28. — Act maybe varied, f 29. — Continuance of the Act, 29th September 1805. §30."

CAP. CIV.

An Act to permit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the

warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the same when taken

out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS the allowing Spirits made or distilled from Corn in Ireland to be warehoused there for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable in Ireland thereon, may tend to promote

the profitable Export thereof be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affirm-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful for every Distiller or Maker of such Spirits in Ireland to warehouse his Spirits for Exportation, without Payment of such Duty of Excise, according to the Provisions of this Act, and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland shall from Time to Time direct or order, in any of his Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the Ports of Dublin* Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry* Belfast, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Tougball, Waterford, Wexford, Sligo, and Westport, or at any other Port in Ireland in which, or in the District in which such Port shall be situated, Stills of not less than five hundred Gallons in Content shall be hereafter licensed by the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Spirits of a Strength less than a Strength equal to one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, by Clarke'8 Hydrometer, shall be so warehoused; and that all such Spirits shall be contained in Caiks of not less than one hundred Gallons Content, and that there be marked on the Head of each Cask, in Letters or Figures cut therein, the Number of Gallons of Spirits in such Ca/ks, and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and a9 often as any Distiller shall intend to warehouse Spirits for Exportation, he shall give Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall be placed over him, and also to the Storekeeper at the Port of Exportation, of such his Intention, in which Notice shall be set forth the Number and Content in Gallons of each Calk which he so intends to warehouse, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he intends to commence the Removal of such Spirits to the Warehouse, which Day shall not be more distant than six Days nor nearer than three Days from the Time of such Notice ? Provided always, that no Removal of any Spirits for such Purpose shall be allowed without Permits, containing all such Particulars as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excise; nor shall any such Removal commence before the Hour of nine in the Morning, or continue longer than until the Hour of three in the Afternoon.

III. And be it further enacted, That the prefer Officer of Excise shall attend at the Stores of every such Distiller at the Time mentioned as aforesaid in such Notice, and such Officer shall continue there until the Whole of the Spirits for which such Notice has been given shall be removed out of the Stock of such Distiller, under Permits for the Purpose, containing all such Particulars as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of Excise; and that immediately after the Removal of such Spirits, such Officer shall take Stock on such Distiller, and shall set forth the Decrease occasioned by the Removal of all such Spirits in the Stock Book; and in case the Whole or any Part of the Spirits, for the Removal of which a Permit shall be granted as aforesaid, shall not be delivered into his Majesty's Stores within the Time prescribed in the Permit or Permits for conveying-the fame, (except in Cases of unavoidable Necessity, proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, ) the Distiller of such Spirits, for the Removal of which out of his Stores a Permit shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall forfejt the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon not so delivered, and shall also forfeit a Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon so deficient in Delivery, and it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise to seize and take out of the Stores of such Distiller a Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon which shall be so*

deficient;

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. 104.

223

deficient 5 and it shall and may he lawful for the said Commissioners to withdraw and annul any Licence before that Time granted to such Distiller, if they shall think fit so to do*

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately on the Arrival of such Spirits, under proper Permits, at Oit war«*°ufinj liis Majesty's Stores, the proper Officer shall gauge and take an Account of every Cask, and the Strength of the flijjujy*

keepr Dislillei a Receipt Tor the same.

Spirits contained therein, and shall enter an Account thereof in a Book to be bjr him kept for the Purpose, and thereupon the Storekeeper shall deliver to the Distiller or Person requiring the (amc, for the Use of such Distil-ler,; Receipt forjueh Spirits, specifying the Number of the different Casks, with their Gauge, and the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits contained in them, with the Month and Day of the Year when such Spirits were floral, and any Marks which may be put on such Casks by such Dillilier, for distinguishing the Spirits to be his Property.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Receipt shall be delivered over within a reasonable Time, by every such Distiller, to the Officer of the Walk where such Distiller shall reside or carry on his Distillery, and such Officer shall immediately return to such Dillilier a Copy thereof, signed by himsel/, and upon the Delivery of such Receipt, and not before, it shall be lawful for such Officer to deduct from the Number of Gallons of Spirits with which such Distiller shall have been charged or chargeable, the Number of Gallons so warehoused, and return the Charge against the Distiller to the Collector, for the remaining Number of Gallons, which shall be a Charge against such Distiller accordingly; and every such Officer shall annex to such Return the Storekeeper's Receipt, as his Voucher for having made such Deduction as aforesaid*

Remainder only with Duty*,

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Spirits which shall be so warehoused shall not be taken or carried sPiriu_war©-out of the Warehouse on any Account whatsoever, otherwise than in Manner and pursuant to the Provisions and Directions herein after mentioned and contained.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so often as any Person warehousing Spirits shall be defiroiis of ship-

{>ing for Exportation any Quantity of such Spirits, such Person shall deliver to the Storekeeper, five Days at east before the Time when he intends to ship such Spirits, a Note in Writing, requiring such Storekeeper to deliver such Calks as such Person may intend to export, specifying the Number of Casks and the Quantity of Spirits intended to be shipped, a9 set forth in the Receipt given to such Person by the Storekeeper, at the Time when such Spirits were admitted into the Warehouse, and mentioning the Time when such Person proposes to ship such Spirits, and the Name or Destination of the Ship or Vessel; and it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the Warehouse from which such Spirits are to be taken, before the Delivery thereof from such Ware-house, to mark every Caik of such Spirits with such Mark as the said Commissioners of Excise shall direct; and if any Spirits so intended for Exportation shall, after having been received in his Majesty's Stores, and before their actual Exportation, be altered in Quality, Quantity, or Strength, except by Decrease occasioned from Leakage, Waste, or Accident, all such Spirits, and the Calks containing the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Spirits shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse Before Spirits for Exportation, the Person or Persons intending to export the same shall, with one or more sufficient Surety or Ihallbedciivered Sureties, give Bond to his Majesty in Double the Value of such Spirits, and of the Excise Duty which would out for Elbe due ana payable thereon if such Spirits were taken out for Home Consumption, that such Spirits shall (the Dangers of the Sea3 or Enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at such Port as shall be specified in such Bond, without Alteration in Quality or Quantity, except what may be occasioned by Leakage, Waste, or Accident, and shall not be landecTin any other Place, nor relanded in Ireland*

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exporter of such Spirits, or some Person in his Behalf, producing to the Storekeeper of the Warehouse, and to the Officer attending the fame, a Certificate from the proper Officer that such Bond and Security hath been given, the Storekeeper of such Warehouse and Officer that Bond has attending the fame, shall deliver such Spirits as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be exported, and such been given, so Storekeeper shall cause the said Spirits to be sent, under the Care of a proper Officer, at the Expence of the Owner, to the Quay where the Ship or Vessel shall be statioued, and shall at the same Time deliver a Permit for the Quantity so sent, in which Permit shall be also mentioned the Date of the Spirits being warehoused, and such other Particulars as the said Commissioners of Excise may from Time to Time order and direct; and all such Spirits shall remain in the Care and Custody of the Shipping Officer on the Quay until shipped or exported $ and all such Spirits shall be shipped in the same Casks in which they were originally warehoused, with the Marks,

Numbers, and Note of the Contents thereon, except in Cases of damaged or leaky Casks, which may be changed with the Leave of the said Commissioners or of the Chief Officer at the Port, and like Marks shall be cut on the Head of each new Calk as had been cut on the leaky or damaged Casks; and all such Spirits shall be shipped only in such Vessels as, by Law, Spirits of Irish Manufacture may now be shipped for Exportation, subject to all Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties, in respect of relanding or unshipping the fame, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland respecting Spirits shipped for Exportation to Great Britain or elsewhere, and as are not contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so warehousing Spirits for Exportation shall desire to take the same or any Quantity thereof, not less than five hundred Gallons, out of his Majesty's Warehouse, for Home Consumption, it shall and may be lawful for him so to do, on paying to the Collector of the Port the full Amount of the Duty payable on such Spirits, for the Quantity which each and every such Cask contained at the Time of its being warehoused, together with a Sum, after the Rate of ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds by the Year on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Expiration of sixty Days after the Day of floring such Spirits, till the Time of taking the same out for Home Consumption; and upon the Production of the Collector'a Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the Casks

2 mentioned

Distiller shall deliver such Receipt to Officer, who shall then deduct the Spirits so warehoused from the DiAisler'f Stock, and charge the

housed shall not be taken out but under this A A. Notice shall be given of Exportation.

Officer Bull mark Ca&s.

Penally on altering Spiriti i Forfeiture.

portation. Bond shall be given 10 export them to the Port specified.

On Production of a Certificate

much Spirits at shall be mentioned therein shall be delivered with a Permit, to the Officer attending (he shipping of the Spirits for Exportation.

Spirits may be taken out foe Home Consumption on. Payment of Duties and Inters A.

Warehoused Spirits may be removed to other Warehouse*.

Warehouses may be visited weekly by Proprietor*.

If Spirits are not expoited within four Months,

(or further Time allowed) they may be sold for Payment of Duty and Intcreit.

Drawback on Exportation of warehoused Spirits nine-pence three jfcrthings Irish per Gallon in lieu of Malt Duty.

On Spirits entet$d for Exportation to Great Britain, which have not been warehoused, no Drawback shall be paid, but on Proof of Payment of the full Duty, without any Allowance: or such Allowance shall be refunded, or shall be deduced out of the Drawback.

Entry of Spirits for Exportation not having been w arehoused shall specify Allowance received.

C. 104, 105. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

mentioned in the Collector's Receipt, and to deliver a Permit for the Conveyance of the same to the Owner thereof, or to such Place as such Owner shall direct or require.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Spirits so warehoused may be removed, at the Desire of the Owner thereof, from his Majesty's Warehouse at any one Port', to the like Warehouse at any other Port as afore-mentioned, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Excise shall order in respect thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietor of any such Spirits so to be lodged in any Warehouse as aforesaid, in the Presence of the Storekeeper or other Officer, who are hereto. required to attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose, not oftener than once a Week, to view, examine, fcftd shew for Sale such Spirits, or any Part thereof, and to examine the State of the Cades, and to prevent Leakage or Damage therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall remain in his Majesty's Warehouses, after having been received therein under the Provisions of this Act, for mo^e than four Calendar Months, or such further Time as the said Commissioners of Excise shall appoint, on special Application made to them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct that such Spirits shall be publickly fold, giving seven Days publick Notice thereof, and the Produce arising from such Sale shall be applied in the first Place to the Discharge of all the Duties thereon, computing such Duties on the Number of Gallons - which each and every Calk contained at the Time of its being warehoused, without any Allowance for Wade or Leakage, together with a Sum after the Rate of ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds by the Year on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Expiration of sixty Days after the storing of such Spirits until the Sale thereof; and the Remainder, after deducing all Expences of warehousing and Sale, shall be paid over to the Owner of such Spirits.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any such Spirits, which shall have been warehoused in Manner aforesaid, no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall be given or paid, other than and except a Drawback of nine-pence three farthings Irish Money upon every Gallon of such Spirits, as and in lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits, unless all Duties of Excise due and payable on the same in Ireland shall be first fully paid and satisfied 5 which Drawback is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, subject to all Rules and Regulations in force respecting Drawbacks.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Spirits made or distilled from Corn in Ireland, which shall not have been warehoused in one of his Majesty's Warehouses under the Provisions of this Act, shall be entered for Exportation to Great Britain, no Drawback shall be paid, or Debenture made out for paying the fame, unless due Proof shall be fird made by due Course of Permits, tracing such identical Spirits from the original Distillery to the Port or Place of Exportation, and by such other Evidence as shall be required, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, that each and every Gallon for which such Drawback shall be claimed, has been distilled in a Still or Stills containing less than five hundred Gallons, and has paid the full Duties due and payable thereon by any Law in force in Ireland, without any Allowance out of or on Payment of such Duties on account of the Size or Contents of the Still or Stills wherein such Spirits may have been distilled; or unless all Allowances which may have been made on account of the Size or Contents of the Still or Stills (if such Spirits shall have been distilled in a Still or Stills of the Content of five hundred Gallons or more), shall be refunded or repaid to or for the Use of his Majesty, in such Manner as such Commissioners may from Time to Time order and direct in that Behalf; and if such Allowance shall not be refunded and repaid on Exportation to Great Britain, such Allowance shall be deemed a Part Payment in advance of the Drawback payable by Law', and the remaining Part only of such Drawback shall be paid on such Export; any Act or Acts in force in Inland\ or any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Spirits which shall not have been warehoused under this Act shall be entered for Exportation to Great Britain, the Person entering such Spirits for Exportation shall date or cause to be dated in the Entry thereof, whether any Allowance has been made out of or on Payment of the Duties payable on such Spirits, on account of the Size or Contents of the Still or Stills wherein such Spirits may have been distilled, or on any other Account, or under any other Pretext whatsoever, and the Amount of such Allowance; and if such Person shall neglect so to do, or shall make any false or untrue Statement with relped to any such Allowance, all Spirits so entered for Exportation shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Revenue, and the Person entering the same for Exportation shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

" Penalties may be recovered and applied as under former Excise Acts, §17. — Continuance of Act, 25th

March 1803. §18.0

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five,

several Acts for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for

preventing Frauds therein.

[28th July 1804.]

u Acts respecting the Revenue of Ireland\ viz. 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 43. 43 G. 3. c. 97. 38 G. 3. (/) c. 24.

" 39 G. 3. (/.) c. 24. 40 G.3. (/.) c. 87. 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 20. 37 G. 3. (/.) c. 52. 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 67.

" 41G.3. (U.K.)c. 47. 40G. 3.(/.)r. 9. 40 G. 3. (/.)* 63* 42 G. 3. r. 83# 37 G. 3. (*) '-4$

4i 3* 3* (f*) 73* 39 3* (f*) c. 4°* 4 3* (^, )* 54* 4* 3* *) c. 4* 37 G*3* (*) c. 33.

u 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 57. 43 G. 3. c. 08. 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 68* 38 G. 3. (/.) c. 52. 39 G. 3. (/.) c. 58.

M 37 G.J, (/) c. 42. 40 G. 3. (/.) c. 77. Recited and further continued till Sept. 29, 1805, (except so far

as

225

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. C. ioj, 106.

44 at repealed by each other or by other A At, and except atto imposing Duties on Spirit Licences, ) §1. — 44 Irish A&a $6G. 3. c. 52. as to Fisheries. 13 iff 14 G. 3. c. 7. respecting Tontines further continued till Sept. 29, 1805. $ 2. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §3."

CAP. CVI.

An Act for appointing, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame; and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money in Ireland.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS it is just and proper that his Majesty and his People should befatisfied, and truly informed,

whether all the Duties, Taxes, and Monies, granted, raised, and appropriated for the publick Service, have been faithfully collected, issued, and expended, for the Purposes for which they were granted; and that if any Defects in the present Method of collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for the fame,

exist in Ireland, they may be-corrected and amended, and a more expeditious, more effectual, and less expensive Method of collecting, iffiiing, expending, and accounting for the fame, should be henceforth established; and it is highly expedient, for the publick Service, that Enquiry should be also made respecting the Expences in the different Offices and Departments of his Majesty's Government in Ireland\ herein after mentioned; and the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received and taken therein $ with a View to the making of such Regulations as shall be judged expedient and proper for the Correction of Abuses wliick may have arisen, and for the Purpose of effecting such Savings as may be made in each; that is to say, the Offices and Departments under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, and Stamps; the Postmasters General; the Board of Works; the General Agent of the Yeomanry Service; the Auditor General, and Auditor of Imprest or Foreign Accounts; the Commissioners for ascertaining the Allowance to be made to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, in respect to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which have ceased to fend any Member to Parliament since the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in Value; and the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland,

appointed under an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned and for authorising the raising of the said Sum by Loan / be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Stanton Rochfort Esquire, James Trail Esquire, William Jackson Esquire, Frederick Geale Esquire, and Robert Alexander Esquire, or any three or more of them, shall be and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for examining into the Method of collecting, issuing, and accounting for the publick Revenue of Ireland\ and for making the Enquiries intended by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Office of the Treasury in Ireland, the Commissioners of Customs, Excise, and Stamps for the Offices of Customs, Excise, and Stamps, the Postmasters General, the Commissioners of the Board of Works, the Auditor General and Auditor of Imprtfts and Foreign Accounts, and the General Agent to the Yeomanry Service, the Commissioners for asceriaining Allowances to be made to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, in respect to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which have ceased to fend any Member to Parliament fiuce the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in Value, and the Directors of Inland Navigation appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, shall, with all convenient Speed, lay the Returns of the Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, and Emoluments usually taken, demanded, or received by any Clerk or Officer, within any of the before mentioned Offices or Departments respectively, or Copies of such Returns, together with Copies of the annual Establishment, and also of the incident Bills for defraying contingent Expences, and of all incident or contingent or extraordinary Expences, or Expences of any Nature or Kind incurred, and the Authorities under which the same have been incurred in the said Offices and Departments respectively, as they stood in the Year ending the fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and in any preceding Year, as they shall judge proper, and also in the Period of the present Year which shall have elapsed up to the Time of such Return, before the said Commissioners; and that the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall and they are hereby required to take into their Consideration all the said Returns, Establishments, and incidental Bills, and shall proceed thereupon according to such Instructions and Directions as they shall from Time to Time receive from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three of than, and they are hereby empowered, authorized, and required, to examine upon Oath (which Oath they or any of them are hereby authorized to administer) the Commissioners and all other Officers of his Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners, Collectors, Receivers, and all other the Officers and Persons concerned or employed in colle&iwg, receiving, or managing the several Branches of the publick Revenue, and all other Persons in Ireland whom they shall think fit to examine touching the Collection, Receipt, Issue, and Manner of accounting for the Duties, Taxes, and Monies granted, raised, and appropriated as aforesaid; the several Officers and Persons in any of the bid several Offices and Departments, and also all other Persons who* hare 44Goo. III. Gg*had

Offices to be examined into and regulated.

40 G. 3. (I.) c. 51.

Commissioner* fur executing this Act.

The Publick Officers mentioned shall lay Returns of Feeit &c. before the Commissionen.

Commissioners shall proceed under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant.

Commissioners empoweicd to take Examinations un Ca li,

and to inquire into Abuses,

Commissioner* /Kail meet in Dublin or elsewhere in Ireland, and may fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Commissioners shall from Time to Time give an Account of their Proceedings to the Lord Lieutenant, to be laid before his Majesty- and Parliament,

with Observa-tiuns and Plans for Improvement.

Commissioners may appoint Clerks and other Officers.

Treasury of Ireland may issue 2000l. to defray the Expences attending this Atf.

Commissioners /Kail take ife» following

C. 106. 44° GEORGII III. AiD» 1804.

had any Dealings or Transactions with the said respective Offices or Departmental or the Reprefeotatives of such Persons respectively, whom the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall think fit to examine* touching the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments taken therein respectively, and touching all other Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, and all and every such Person and Persons is and are hereby required and directed to attend the said Commissioners, or any three of them, at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be appointed, and also to observe and execute such Orders and Directions, as the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall make or give for the Purposes aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into any corrupt or fraudulent Practices or other Misconduct as far as the same relate or relates to the several Purposes intended by this Act to be examined or inquired into, committed by any Person or Persons concerned in the Management of or employed in any of the said several Offices or Departments: And the said Commissioners, or any three of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to meet and fit from Time to Time, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, in such Place or Places within the City of Dublin, or elsewhere in Ireland, as they shall find moll convenient, with or without Adjournment; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, and Records, relating to any of the said respective* Offices or Departments, as they shall judge, necessary for their Information, relating to the Accounts, Matters, and Things aforesaid, or for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time at their Discretion, and as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the Determination of their Examination and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing under the Hands and Seals of them, or any three of them, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to be laid before his Majesty, and also to both Houses of Parliament, together with an exact State of the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments paid or given in collecting, issuing, expending, and accounting for the Publick Money, and the Authority under which they

aYc demanded, paid, or received; and they shall specify what Officers and Clerks belonging to each Office or Department, or are employed in the fame, and what is the Duty, Service, and Attendance required of them, together with an exact State of the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments which the said Officers and Clerks, or their Deputies or Under Clerks, may or ought lawfully to have and take, for or in respect of their several Offices and Places, or in regard of any Services performed as Officers, Clerks, Deputies, or Under Clerks; adding at the same Time such Observations as shall occur to them; and such Plans either for Correction and Improvement or for abolishing or regulating any of the said Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, or for carrying into Execution the general Purposes of this Act, or for saving or arranging the Expenditure of Money by such several and respective Offices and Departments, in the Execution of the Duties and Trusts severally belonging to the same respectively, as may appear to them proper to be adopted for the Time to come; and shall in like Manner report what Defects they may have observed during the Course of their Examination and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, in the present Mode of collecting, receiving, issuing, and accounting for the publick Monies, and such Orders, Rules, and Regulations as in their Judgement shall appear fit and expedient to be estabiished; in order that the Duties, Taxes, and Monies granted, raised, and appropriated for the publick Service, may hereafter be received, issued, expended, and accounted for, in the Manner the most expeditious, most effectual, most beneficial and advantageous to the Publick: And the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers, as they shall think meet; and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises; which Clerks and Officers are hereby respectively required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such their Service other than such Salary or Reward as thq said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall direct and appoint in that Behalf.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be issued, all such Sums of Money not exceeding two thousand Pounds to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners under this Act, or any three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the publick Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, which Sums so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners under this Act, or any three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, and that such Sums shall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded, for the issuing or Payment of the same on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners under this Act, or any three or more of them, shall appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners herein nominated or to be appointed by virtue of

this Act shall, before they begin to carry the same into Execution, take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland for the Time being (which Oath he is hereby authorized and required to administer); ,

and such Oath ihai| be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

6 «I J.B.

227

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII IIJ. C. 106 — 108.

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and truly, according to the best of my Skill and Judge- Oath.

ment, execute the several Powers and Trails veiled in me by an Act made in the forty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act> [ here recite the Title of this AdJ according to the true

Tenor and Purport of the said Act,

So help me GOD.*

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Resignation of any Commis* one or more of the Commissioners herein named or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, during the Conti- fione.ri ay b#

nuance thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to nominate and : eft y

appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and every Person so nominated and appointed (after having taken the Oath of Office herein mentioned) shall be subject to the .feme Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution to all Intents and Purposea whatsoever, as if he had been named in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner to supply any such Vacancy b"l Com-

shall accept of or hold any Civil Office of Profit from or under his Majesty during the Continuance ofal!

this Act. Office.* 7

IX.'And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, upon his, her, or their Examination Persons giving before the said Commissioners, or any three 01 them, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such false Evidence Person so offending and being thereof duly convicted shall be, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby declared P*11* Per" to be fubied and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in force and effect Persons guilty of JU>7* wilful and corrupt Perjury arc subject and liable to.

Continuance of Act, id August 1805."

CAP. CVII.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of.

Parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

[28th July 1804.]

" Recital of Acts 42 G. 3. c. 89. 43 G.3. r. 35. 43 G, 3. c. 6j. 57, 0 661. 6s. id. shall be issued out of Sup-

4< plies for j 804, being the Amount of Compensation settled by Commissioners under recited Act, for Premises purchased by them, §1."

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[30th July 1804.]

WHEREAS several Persons now are, and for a long Time have been confined for Debt in the several Gaols in this Kingdom, who are willing and desirous to make the utmost Satisfaction in their Power to their Creditors: And whereas notwithstanding the great Prejudice and Detriment which occasional Acts of Insolvency may produce to Trade and Credit, it may be convenient in the present State of the Prisons and Gaols of this Kingdom, that some of the Prisoners who are now confined therein, truly surrendering the Whole of their Property to their Creditors, should be liberated, and enabled to pursue their different Professions and Occupations be it therefore enacted, See,

44 [Lills of Gaolers shall contain the Names of Persons in Custody on id January 1804, &c* §1* &c. — Persons being Prisoners on said ill January 1804, and having so continued till the passing of the Ad, for Debts 4< not exceeding 1500L shall be discharged on conforming to the Ad, §4, &c. — By §39, Persons charged in Execution for Damages recovered in any Action for a malicious Prosecution [4< or for any other malicious Injury"] arc excepted from the Benefit of the Ad. The Words in Brackets are in addition to the Exceptions in the Insolvent Ad, 41 G. 3. {U.K.) c. 70. J 41. to which Ad this is in other Respects similar,

44 (mu tat is mutandis) with the Omission of $ 5, 6. 63. and 66. of that Ad; and the Addition of the following Section. The Ad does not extend to Scotland, §64."]

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to discharge the FutureEstate future Etlate or Effects, Real or Personal, of any Person or Persons discharged under this Act, whether such of Pwfont Person or Persons shall or shall not h?.ve been charged in Execution of or from the Payment of any Debts, Damages, Colls, Sum or Sums of Money, due, owing, or deniandable. from any such Person or Persons, or in liable for

respect of which such Person or Persons was or were in Cuiludy; and all and every Person and Persons entitled their Debts, to receive or be paid any such Debt, Damages, Colls, Sum or Sums of Money, shall have all such and the like Remedies in Law and Equity, against such future Estate and Effects, but not again! the Person of the Party, for Payment thereof, as he or they might have had if this Act had not been made; and in any Case in which the Payment or Recovery of such Demands or Sums of Money could, before the passing of this Act, have been enforced only by Commitment, either on the ground of Contempt or otherwise, of the Person liable thereto, the Party interfiled therein shall be and 16 hereby enabled to fuc the Person or Persons who ought to have paid the fame, for what shall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like Manner as if the Sum remaining untatisfied had been Money lent and advanced by, or Money had and received for the Use of, the Person having such Demand, but shall be entitled to recover or have Execution out of or against such future Estate and Effects only, and shall not be entitled to arrest or take in Execution the Party against whom such Demand shall be enforced.

Gg a CAP.

228 C. IO9.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Cap. cix.

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

[30th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled* ji G. 3. c. 30. yin ylft for regulating the Importation and Exportation (f Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign

Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported: And whereas it is expedient that so much of the said recited Adas regulates the Prices at which British Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, or Biscuit, may be exported, except to Ireland, and Com, Grain, Meal, and Flour imported except from Ireland, and also the Duties and Bounties payable thereon, except such Duty or Sum or Money as may be payable in respect of the warehousing of any Com, be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made in relation to the Importation thereof into and Bounties on Exportation thereof out of Great Britain, and that Regulations*should also be made in relation to the Exportation from and Importation into Ireland, of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-Prom November poral, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and

15, 1804, fa after the 1 <; th Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of the said recited Act of the

much of recited thirty-first Year aforesaid, as regulates the Prices at which British Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, the Prices8^ " may be exported, except to Ireland, and at which Foreign Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be imported,

which Corn, except from Ireland, and as fixes the Duties and Bounties payable thereon, shall be and the same is hereby re-

&c. may be pealed, except so far as the same relates to any Duty payable on any Corn or Grain in respect of th* Ware-exported or im- housing thereof, ported to or from Great Britain, &c. repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, the Importation and Exportation of Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit into and from England and Wales, shall be regulated by the aggregate Average Price of Corn, Grain, and Oatmeal, of the Whole of the twelve Maritime Districts in England and Wales; and the Importation and Exportation into and from Scotlandt shall be regulated by the aggregate Average Price of the Whole of the four District* in Scotland; such Average Price to be ascertained Quarterly, Weekly, and Monthly from such Returns, and in such Manner as is directed by the said recited A Afor ascertaining the Average Prices of Cora, Grain, Meal, and Flour; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and four, the several Bounties specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.), and no other, shall be allowed and payable and paid in respect of and upon British Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, find Biscuit, exported from Great Britain; and all such Bounties shall be allowed and payable and paid, and the Exportation of British Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, and Flour prohibited according to the Prices and Regulations of the said Table; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties specified ana set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B»), and no other or different Duties, except as aforesaid, shall be charged and levied upon and payable and paid in respect of all Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, imported into Great Britain; and such Duties shall be charged and payable and paid according to the Prices and Regulations in the said Schedule; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding,

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Exportation or Importation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; and all the Powers, Provisions, Authorities, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act or any subsequent AA contained, and not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to this Act, and be used and applied in carrying the same into Execution, as fully as if the Provisions and Clauses and Schedules of this A A had made Part of the said Acts, and as if the Clauses of the said Acts had been ieverally, as far as the same were applicable, re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Average Pi-ices for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, into and from Great Britain, shall be under the Prices at which the same may be importable into Great Britain, on the Low Duties from Foreign Parts, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to export any such Corn or Grain of British Growth, or any Meal or Flour made thereof, from Great Britain to Ireland j and in like Manner, whenever the Average Prices for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, Grain, and Flour, into and from Ireland, shall be under the Prices at which the same may be importable into Ireland on the Low Duties from Foreign Parts* it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export any such Corn or Grain of Irish Growth, or any Meal or Flour made thereof, from Ireland to Great Britain, provided the same be exported in Britfb or Irish Ships owned and navigated according to Law,

By what Ave- rage Importation and Exportation of Corn shall be regulated in and ftom England, Wales and Scotland.

Bounties on British Corn exported, shall be regulated by Schedule (A.)

Duties on Corn imported into Great Britain, shall be regulated by Schedule (B.)

AA shall not extend to Intercourse of Corn between Great Britain and Ireland. Provisions of former AAs extended to this Act.

Whenever the Average shall be under the Prices at which Com may be importable into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on the Low Duties from Foreign Parts, Exportation shall be allowed between Great Britain and Ireland.

Importation and

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fifteenth Day of November One thousand Exportation of eight hundred and four, the Importation of Foreign Com, Grain, Meal, and Flour into Ireland % and the Ex-

from irdand portation of Irish Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, from Ireland, and the Payment of the Duties

shall be regu- and Bounties thereon, shall be regulated according to the Schedules to this A A annexed marked (C.)and (D.)

toed by respectively, and the Duties therein specified shall be charged and payable and paid, and the Bounties therein

Schedules (C.) specifigd shall be allowed and paid, according to the Prices and Regulations therein contained; any Thing in

any

ny Act or Acts relating to Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, imported into or exported from Ireland\ to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things now in Force in any Act of Parliament, in relation to the Importation into Ireland or Exportation from Ireland of any Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour, not contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall extend, and be condrued to extend, and be applied and enforced for the carrying into Execution the Purposes of this A A, in relation to the Duties and Bounties, and Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, Mealrand Flour, into and from Ireland respectively, and Regulations relating thereto, speciGed in the said Schedules marked (C.) and (D.), as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in and made Part of the Body of this Act.

Provisions, &c. of former A<U relating to Ireland extended to this Act.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR or MEAL, MALT, &c.; and the Prices at which the Exportation is prohibited.

WHEAT. RYE. PEASE and BEANS. BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG; or MALT made of barley, BEER, or BIGG. OATS. WHEAT FLOUR, BISCUIT, fee. WHEAT MEAL. RYE, MEAL, or FLOUR. BARLEY, BEER, 0. BIGG MEAL. OAT- MEAL.

When exported to any Foreign Country, If at or 1 v. d. r. d. Exportable without Bounty till at or under r. d. r. d. r. d.

under > per Quarter J 48 0 - 3* - O -co 2 8 0 - 16 0 -

r. d. r. d. r. d../.» d. per Cwt. per Cwt. per Cwt* per Cwt. per Cwt.

BOUNTY - 5 0 .30 - - 2 6 m - 2 0 1 /. 6d. I/. 3 or.9d. or lod. 1 r. 0 d.

If above - - NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE. 54 0 - - 35 0 - " 35 0* 0 - - 19 0 -

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B.) — Shewing the Prices according to which High or Low DUTIES are to take Place on

IMPORTATION.

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in Noitl America:

If under - - per Quarter

HIGH DUTY - D° -

It at, or above - per Quarter but under - - - D° -

FIRST LOW DUTY

If at, or above - per Quarter j 6 -

second LOW DUTY

'When imported from any other foreign Country:

' If under - - per Quarter

HIGH DUTY -

If at, or above - per Quarter but under - - D° -

J FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per Quarter 55

SECOND LOW DUTY -

WHEAT.

S3

s. d.

24 3

S3

56

35

37

2 6

- o 6

63

63

66

/. d.

24 3

2 6

- 44

RYE, PEASE, and BEANS.

s.

35

o 6

IM PORTATION of WhcaV Meal, and Flour, to be governed as follows s When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plan-tions in North America,

s.d.

High Duty per Cwt. 6 6 First Low Duty - - 1 6 Second D° - - o 2

When imported from any other foreign Country,

1. d.

High Duty - - - 6 6 First Low D° - r 6 Second D° - - - 1

Malt made of Wheat

J Prohibited,

d.

1 6

37 - o 3

42

42

44

x. J.

2? o

1 6

- o 3

Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye; Prease ground, and Beans ground, Prohibited.

BARLEY, 'BEER, or OATS.

BIGG.

s. d. s.

26 O - - l7

x. d. X.

- 22 0 - - 6

26 0 -7

28 0 -.18

- 1 3 - - 1

28 0 - - 18

-.03 - - 0

j* d % X.

31 6 -.21

s. d. X.

- 22 0.- 6

31 6 - - 21

33 0 - - 22

-1 3 - - I

33 0 -.22

*© 3 - - O

IMPORTATION of In-

dian Corn or Maize to be

OATMEAL.

governed by the Price of Barley, as follows:

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America, s. d.

High Duty pr Qr 22 o First Low D° --13 Second D° - - o 3

When imported from any other foreign Country,

s, d.

High Duty pr Qr 22 o First Low D° - - 1 3 Second D° - - o 3

Barley, Indian Com or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground; and Malt made of Barley, Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg - - Prohibited.!

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other Briufh Colonies or Plantation* in Noil!) America:

If under - per Boll of 1401b*.^Avoirdupois, or C 128 lbs. Scotch f Troy -

for every Boll,

HIGH DUTY

If at, or above - per Boll but under - - D°

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per Boll

SECOND LOW DUTY

When imported from any other foreign Country:

If under - - - per Boll

HIGH DUTY.

If at, or above - per Boll but under - - D° -

FIRST LOW DUTY -

if at, or above - per Boll

SECOND LOW DUTY -

20

Malt made ?prohibited of Oats - J

x. d'

16 6

x. d.

- 8 o

16 6

17 4

- 1 o

17 4

o 2

1- -

/. a1

8 €>

20

21

21

- 1 o

-06

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (C.) — Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR, or MEAL, MALT, &c. from IRELAND, and the Prices at which the EXPORTA-TION is prohibited.

WHEAT. RYE. PE \SE, and BEANS. BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG; or MALT made of BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG. OATS. WHEAT ELOUR, BISCUIT, See. WHEAT MEAL. RYE MEAL, or FLOUR. BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG FLOUR. OAT- MEAL.

Wliec exported to any Foreign Country: If at, or unO x. d. ! x. d. x. d. x. d. d.

der, /xrBar- > rel, British j 29 5 - " 20 4 - - 20 4 - - 0 NO p3': _* -

X. d. x. d. x. d. s. 1 x. d. per Cwt. per Cwt. per Cwt. per Cwt. per Cwt.

bounty British If above, per 1 Barrel, Bri-> > tish 3 NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE. 1 w 0 - - I IO - - 1 10*- i 3 -1 3 it. it. 3 d. ox.9d. ox. 10 d. IX. od*'

33 1 - 22 3 - 22 3 - 00 1*s -

SCHEDULE (D.) — Shewing the Price?* according to which the HIGH or LOW DUTIES are to take Place on

IMPORTATION into IRELAND.

When imported from the Province of Quebec or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

If under - - per Barrel British -

high duty - - British If at or above - per Barrel British But under - per D° British -FIRST LOW DUTY - British If at or above - per Barrel British -SECOND LOW DUTY British -

WHEAT.

32

RYE, PEASE, and BEANS.

x.

H

- 1

34 4 -

When imported from Country,

any other Foteign

If under

per Barrel British -

d.

10

22

; 23

6i -

-23

3 -

d.

3

X.

14

x. d-

38 8

3 "

6 -- on 6 -

x. d.

26 8

x. d. 14 IO

26 8 -'28 o 6 - -- 28 o

3! -

x.

d.

BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG.

x. d.

149- f

x. d.

- 12 6

14 9.

16 o -

- o 16 o -

- o

OATS.

x. d. 10 11

d.

OATMEAL.

10 II -

11 7 -

- o II 7 -

- o

d.

o

O II

HIGH DUTY - - British -

If at or above - per Barrel British - 38 8

But under - British - 40 6

FIRST LOW DUTY - British - - - I

If at or above - per Barrel British - 40 6

SECOND LOW DUTY British - - O

IMPORTATION of WHEAT-MEAL, and FLOUR, to be governed a9 follows:

When imported from jQuebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

x. d

High Duty, per Cwt. - 6 6 British,

First Low Duty - I 6 D°

Second Low Duty - - o 2 D*

When imported from any other Foreign Country,

x. d.

High Duty - - - 6 6 British,

First Low Duty - - 1 6 D°

Second Low Duty - - 1 cD°

Malt made of Wheat - Prohibited.

Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye; Pcafe ground, 1 p - and Beans ground*- - - - J rromDlted

x. d. 12 6

180-18 10 -- o 8 18 10 -

f If under, per Cwt. of) Bri-

n 2lbs. Avoirdupois J tish

high duty for every Cwf. 2?. 8 o If at or above per Cwt. British 13 2

But under - per Cwt. British 13 10 first low duty per Cwt. B. 1 o If at or above per Cwt. British 1310

SECOND LOW DUTY - British O 2

d.

6 -

1.

- "4 6 -2 -

- o 2 -

- o

d.

If under - per Cwt. British 16

HIGH DUTY -

If at or above - But under -

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at or above -

SECOND LOW DUTY

British 8 British j6 British 16 British I British 16 British o

d.

o

o

o

9

o

IMPORTATION of INDIAN CORN or MAIZE, to be governed by the Price of BARLEY, as follows:

When imported from Quebec, or the other British Colonies or Plantations in North America,

High Duty - per Barrel First Low Duty - D° Second Low Duty D° -

x. d.

15 o British, o 10 D° o 2 D°

When imported from any other Foreign Country,

d.

High Duty First Low Duty Second Ltfw Duty

x.

15 o British, o 10 D°

O 2 D*

Malt made of Oats Prohibited.

232

C. no.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Cap. cx.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain: and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

I. 5, 000, 000, and ? Out of British Consolidated Fund,

II. 1, 370, 664 4l. 8|*/. { Surplus of Grants for 1803.

III. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt Act, - 44 G. 3. c. 16.

2.000. 000l. — Pensions, iffe. - - c. 17.

8.000. 000l. — Exchequer Bills - c. 45.

1, 500, 000l. — Ditto - c. 46.

14, 500, 000l. — Loan (deducting 4, 500, 000l. for Ireland) --- ^47-

Produce of Lottery (deducting one-third for Ireland) --- c. 93.

2, 500, 000l. — Exchequer Bills - c. 81.

1*370, 664l. 4r. S\d. — Sumlus of Grants. (See anley §2.)

5.000. 000l. — Out of British Consolidated Fund. (See ante, §1.)

IV. The following Sums, viz.

Produce to Irish Exchequer under Loan Act; 44 G-3- Appropriated to Ufca

[3 'ft J 1804.]

J Granted to make good > Supply for Service of J Great Britain, for 1804.

Appropriated to the IHes after expressed. (See §5 — 19. but fee §7, 14. as to Ireland.)

1, 250, 000l. (Irish Currency) Annuities or Debentures 800, 000l. (Irish Currency) Treasury Bills Application, viz.

12, 3 co, 606l. 7J. 6d. for the Naval Services following: ^2, 405, 000 o o Wages of 100, 000 Men,

93* c. 48. r. 97.

after expressed. j (See §7, 14, 20 — 23.)

2.470.000

3.900.000

325.000 1, 020, 670

948, 520 709, 249 220, 166 42, 000

310.000

VT

VI. 2, 500, 000 VII. 800, 000

o

o

o

9

o

9

8

o

o

d. o o

1

3

o

including 22 000Marines J At M J O Then Victualhng -, .*<

o Wear and Tear of Ships ^r on 9

o Ordnance - - - J

9 Ordinary of the Navy (including Half-pay) o Building, rebuilding, and repairing Ships, &V. Extra 8 Hire of Transports -

j Prisonera of War in Health -

o Ditto Sick -

o Increase of Naval Defence, since 15th May, 1804.

For the Service of Great Britain

Irish Currency for Service of Ireland

For ij Lunar Months.

i

For the Year 1804-.

1 Out of all or any of >the Aids or Supplies J aforesaid.

44 To enable his Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.1 £ s. d.

VIII. IQ, t08, 8 SO C 10 For Band Services, viz.

For 129, 039 Effective Men in Great Britain and Ireland '

For Forces in the Plantations, isle, including Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and New South Wales East India Recruiting Parties (five Troops of Dragoons, and 17 Companies of Foot in Great Britain) On account of Recruiting and"} In Great Britain and Contingencies for Land Forces f Foreign Stations.

Officers^'*nd H°spitdj I Great Britain.

For the Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland For Cloathing Militia in Great Britain Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland

For Volunteers in Great Britain and Ireland For Recruiting and Contingencies of Land Forces in Ireland -

For General and Staff Officers, and Medical Board in.Ireland

Full pay to Supernumerary Officers

Principal Officers of several Public Departments, their Deputies, Clerks/ and Contingent Expences, and Exchequer Fees, by Pay-master General in Great Britain and Ireland -

Increased Rates to Innkeepers (See 44 G.*3. c. 38.) Lodging Money in Scotland, Small Beer, and Allowance on March in Ireland.

£ S. d.

19, 108, 859 5 10

4, 276, 624 12 8

*, 174.509 6 6

29, 859 H 9

180, 000 0 0

154, 647 3 10

2, 791, 623 7 6

215.793 H .6

61, 129 7 0

2, 020, 5673 11

98, 635 12 2

61, 037 3 9

33.464 7 0

167, 059 1 3

455.46493

25th

From Deceijiber 1S0J, to

' 24th December 1804, (both inclusive.)

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. ito.

£ / 189, 215 12

5, <56 5 8 6 50, 000 o I, OCO 0 o 245, 048 15 8

27, 801

461, 887

*3.538

On account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of Land'

Forces and Marines -

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land

© Half-pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of British*or ^car I°4* American Forces

On account of Officers late in the Service of the States General

Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, In and Out Pensioners, Frofn 25th Dec. 1803, and Expences of the Hospitals - - - to 25th Dec. 1804.

5 Widows' Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland - - (both inclusive.)

10 Barrack Departments in Ireland - - For the Year 1804.

3 General Hospital Expences, &c. for Ireland, and Military! 25th Dec. 1803, to

Infirmary iu Dublin

°^Volunteer Corps in Great Britain

Foreign Corps in his Majesty's Service Garrison Service in the West Indiet and America Military Augmentation in Great Britain and Ireland Barrack Department in Great Britain

359, 207 18 7 Army Extraordinaries not provided for

500.000 o

570.000 o 582, 202 19

8, 884 l9

200.000 o 2, 183, 930 o

o 5 11 2 o o

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI. c

XVII. [

XVIII.

1.400.000 600, 000

2, 954*141

4I3»7, 9

304, 615

64, 615

5.000. 000

3.000. 000

1.500.000

1.500.000

1.700.000 591, 842

<5>523 8, 798

24th Dec. 1804.

For the Year 1803. For the Year 1804.

1 25th Dec. 1803, to 24th Dec. 1804.

For the Year 1804.

From 25th Dec. 1802, to 24th Dec. 1803.

- Fojr the Year 1804.

o Army Extraordinaries in Great Britain O Ditto in Ireland -

o For Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain for 1804T 2 Ditto _ Ditto not provided for in 1803.

8 Ditto Office of Ordnance in Ireland for 1804.

8 Ditto Ditto not provided for in 1803.

o To Discharge outstanding Exchequer Bills under 43 G. 3. c. 93.

o Ditto under — c. 36.

o Ditto under - c. 147.

o Ditto under — c. 146.

o Ditto (Irish) Treasury Bills due in Ireland in 1804. jof Debt on Civil List on July 5, 1804.

8 7

> To make good Money issued pursuant to Addresses of the House of Common*.

Civil Establishments, viz*

XIX.

£ 8, 050

7. >65

4, 650

2, 3°o

2, 040

28.000

18.000

28.000

d.

o

o

o

o

o

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswich.

Prince Edward'a Island. Cape Breton.

Mi 5 4, 100 580 600 10, 049

d.

o

o

o

o

5

Newfoundland* Bahama Blands. Bermuda*8 Isles. Dominica.

New South Wales*

149, 121 o o

40*847

433

219

5*300

9

19

6

9

2, 7019649 2 248 XI , 439 1865, 336 14 150, 000 412, 000 3»°°o 8, 000 11, 280 32, 600

Geo. III.

From January I, to December 31, 1804.

Sierra Leone, to 31 December 1804.

Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa*

Bills drawn and to be drawn from New South Wales, and to 7 rp, v 0 become due in the Course of ..J Y«r 1804.

French Clergy, &c. ToulonefeanA Corfu an Emigrants, andl

American Loyalists - - > For the Year 1804.

Expence of Convids at Home - -.- j

f Expences at Parliament-Office, for Session 1802-3.

John Clementson in lieu of Apartments.

AOffice31° .CkrkS I" Auctor*]}To xoth O5.Arr.803,

Chairman of Committees of House of Peers in Session 1802-3.

Thames Police Office.

Repairs at Port Patrick.

[ Indexes to Journals of House of Lords.

1 of I*rize Money for Ships taken at Toulon.

O Secret Services ... For the Year 1804.

O Sums awarded to be paid by Commissioners on Article 7 of American Treaty.

q j> British Museum.

2 Royal Military College o Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea

J For the Year 1804,

234

C. 110.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

xx.

XXI.

£ s. d.

16, 623 0 0

2, 500 0 0

10, 000 0 0

*>767 10

8, 589 5 0

1, 609 l9 4$

1, 700 0

50, 000 0 0

>2.345 0 0

741 12 0

3, 010 0 0

30, 00b 0 0

3, 000 0 0

3>»69 2 0

10, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 0

4, 160 6'

1, 100 0 0

00 V*1 18 9

2, 099 19 9

649 4 0

454 0 0

3, 000 0 0

5.387 4 o

1, 060 560 10 0

0 0.

1, 500 0 0

5>531 l7 0

4.87* 1 4

745 6 10

n, 6oo 0 0

7, 500 0 0

3.905 0 0

9, 000 0 0

5, 945 10 0

5.250 0 0

6, 965 0 0

7.3715 oi

914 0 0

57, 066 6 1

Printing Journals, Votes, Bills, Reports, &c. by.Order of the House of Commons in

the Session 44 G. 3.

Printing 57th Vol. of Journals of the House of Commons.

Re-printing Journals, Indexes, Reports, fjfc. of the House of Commons.

Expences of Commissioners for publishing the Publick Records of the Kingdom in the Year 1803.

Superintendance of Aliens under 43 G. 3.. 155.

Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin in -

Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea.

Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the I From 31st May 1803,

Speaker's Works done at Old Chapter-House, Westminster. Repairs of King's Bench Prison.

Erecting a Lazaret at Chetney Hill.

Board of Agriculture for 1804.

Deficiencies of Expences of Convicts at Home Relief to the Inhabitants of Shetland.

Do. - Orkney.

Bridges and Roads in the Highlands of Scotland.

- j to 24th April 1804.

- For the Year 1803.

8

sa

Sfvs

M u.

j*

Presbyterian Ministers of Ulster and Munjler. yix. Poolc for abstracting, fsV. Poor Returns.

Additional Allowances to Clerks in Auditors'7 For Half-a-Year, Office - J to 5th April 1804,

Furniture for Infh Office in George Street.

5 Thames Police Office.

Publifiiing, &1c. Weekly Average Prices of Sugar, to October 1, 1803. Feeson passing Publick Accounts in Auditors' Office.

T. Macdonald, Esq. as first Commissioner under American Treaty. Expences under Navy Abuse Act.

b Expences relative to the Improvement of the Port of London.

For 1804.

Veterinary College

Purchase of Land for Ordnance at IVeedon Beck.

Executors of J. Wright, Losses as an American Loyalilb Stationary for the Court of Exchequer Printing and Stationary for both Houses of Parliament Law Charges -

Officers of both Houses, of Parliament Publick Office in Bow-Street -

Protestant Diflcnting Ministers, £sU.

Messengers of Secretaries of State Contingencies of Ditto

Sheriffs for Convictions of Felons Ministers of the Vaudois Churches Purchase of Lands for Ordnance at Woolwich, l£c.

Military Roads in North Britain For Services, &c. in Ireland, viz. as in 42 G. 3. c. 120, §19. and 43 G,

Omission of 738l. 9l. 3d. being 800l. Irish Currency to the Pay-master of Corn Bounties in Ireland. For other Services, &c. in Ireland, viz.

Irish.

s.

> For the Year 1804.

For 1804.

c. 162, $19. with the

Sterling.

£ d.

23, 076 18 6 —

830 15 6 —

6, 485 19 11 —

18, 840 0 0 —

1, 846 3 1 —

4.615 7 B* -

23.076 18 6 —

966 18 7 —

M93 7 10 —

683 1 6| —

>, 00293 -

£ 25, 000

900

7, 026

20, 41.0 o o

2, 000

5, 000

25, 000

1, 047

1, 401

740

1, 086

d.

o o Civil Buildings, - - For one Year, to 5th January 1805,

o o Printing, &c. 250 Copies of Acts 44 G. 3.

9 10 j Publi (King Proclamations, &c. in Dublin

Gazette, iffc.

Expences of Chief and Under Secretary's Offices, &c.

Treasury Incidents Apprehending publick Offenders Expences of Criminal Prosecutions, an<L other Law Proceedings 2 Pratique in Port of Dublin 5$ Wicklow Gold Mines

o Cloathing Battle-Axe Guards, to June 4, 1804. o Cloathing Heralds, Pursuivants, tfc. for three Years from ijxhJnarch 1804.

o

o

o

> F^>r the Year, to 5th January 1805.

C. no.

XXII. For other Services, &c. in Ireland:

XXIII. For other Services in Ireland* viz.

viz, as under 43 G. 3. c. 162. $ 21.

Sterling. Irish.

£ d. £ s.

18, 580 l8 2 — 20, 129 6

369 4 7i - 400 0

923 1 6 — 1, 000 0

1, 118 12 H - 1, 211 17

1615 7 81 — >750 0

20, 769 4 7f - 22, 500 0

1, 788 ll 61 — L937

4.153 16 11 — 4»500 0

6, 671 1 61 — 7*27 0

475 16 4 — 5*5 9

16, 984 8 si - 18, 399 16

7.384 12 4 — 8, 000 0

2, 130 l8. IlJ*3'5 9

Society for promoting English Protestant' Schools -

o Commissioners of Charitable Donations o Society for discountenancing Vice 11 Female Orphan House o Dublin Penitentiary

Dublin Foundling Hospital Hibernian Marine Society School for Soldiers* Children Lock Hospital Fever Hospital House of Industry Roman Catholic Seminary Dublin Lying-in Hospital

o

8

o

0

3i

1 o 6

For one Year to 5th > January 1805.

XX y*L Dire£Hng Application of Supplies and Rules for receiving Half-Pay, and Application of Overplus XXVI j Sum aPProPr*atc<*° reduced Officers. {At in former A&e.)

235

t

Hhi LOCAL

4^ & i*-vi.

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

Former Acts9G. 2. c. 10. 27 G. 2. c. 26.

*3°- 3*c 97. repealed.

4C 3 c. 83. 24 G.3. ft. t. c. 24.

20 G. 3. c. 87.

2 G. 3. c. 39. 5G. 3. c. 66.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing Acts at are Temporary wiS he known by referring to the following Lift according to the corresponding Letter in the Title

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the next Seffiori] from a Day named in the AR.

(h) For 21 Years, front the Faffing of the Ad,

(c; For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

q. P. Quail Publick Acts, (See Note at the Head of Local and Personal Acts 43 G. 3.)

0Cr The several Act, which continue former Road A3s, facially except so much of them as gave any Exemption from Stamp Duties.

Cap. i.

AN Act for keeping in Repair (a) the Roads leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Seaside at Whitstable, in the County of Kent.

[9th March 1804.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[9th March 1804.]

[London Dock Company authorized to rmfe joo, ooool. instead of the 300, qqq\. authorized by 39 and 40 G. 3. c. xlrii. §22 .by increasing their Capital, or at Intertfl on Security of the Rates.

Cap. iii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Poll upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and other Roads therein mentioned.

[9th March 1804.]

Cap. iv.

An Act to continue (a) and amend an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester.

[9th March 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted

Cap. v.

An Act for continuing (£) the Term and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the second and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen's Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of SaK/bury, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[9th March 1804.]

Cap. vi.

An Act to enable John Boy dell Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of London, and Josiah Boy dell, hi* Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mali, called the Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance.

[23d March 1804.]

WHEREAS John Boydetl Esquire, one of the Aldermen of the City of London, in the early Part of r W his Life conceived a Plan for bringing the Arts of Painting and Engraving to Perfection in this Country, and being flattered by the great Succcfs attending his Prosecution of it, did, in order to the ma- tiring thereof, resolve, in Conjunction with his Nephew and Partner Josiah Boydell, to form a School of

2 4 Painting

C. vis.

A.D. 18b4-

; 44°. GEORGII

m.

Painting and Engraving, not doubting, by its Superiority of Excellence, it would eventually become a 4 National Concern and Honour: And whereas in furtherance of this laudable Design, the said John and jfafak Boydell have, at a very considerable Expence, promoted and encouraged the Arts of Painting and Engraving, and for several Years pad given great Encouragement to the Artitls therein, and thereby ma-r terially contributed to the securing to this Country a Pre-eminence in those Arts over all other Nation*: And whereas the said John and Josiah Boydell in the Course of this Pursuit, beftdes various other large Works, have published in a most splendid Lvlauiwr the Plays of Sbolfpeare, ornamented with Engravings from Pictures by English Artids; and as a Repository for such Pidlurca, and the exhibiting the hrac with their other Works, they have erc&ed a Building in Pall Mall in the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of Westminster, called The Shakfpcare Gallery, at a considerable Expence; and in completing that Establishment, in Addition to their former and other Works, have so extended their Concerns, and increased the Size, Value, and Expence of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, that they are become of too great Magnitude for them to retain: And whereas it may not at this Time he deemed expedient to purchase the same as a National Concern for the Use and Benefit of the Publick, and the said Collection cannot easily be disposed of by the common Mode of Sale, but at a very great Loss; and that, unless some Encouragement under the Session of Parliament, be given to the aforesaid John and Joftah Boydell\ to enable them to dispose of their said Collection to the best Advantage, their Endeavours to servethe Publick will prove highly detrimental and injurious to themselves: In order therefore that the said John and Josiah Boydell may be enabled to dispose of their said Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and also of the said Building called The Shakfpears Gallery, to the bed Advantage; may it please your Majesty (at the humble Petition of the said John and Joftah Boydell, ) that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said John and Joftah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of the said Collection, and the several Pieces composing the fame, together with all and singular their Edateand Intered in the said Building and Premises called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance, without being liable or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament, against any Sale or Sales by way of Lottery, or by Lots, Tickets, Numbers, or Figure*; and that such Sale or Sales so to be made by the said John and Joftah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigne, of the said Collection, Edate, and Premises, and of the several Pieces composing the same Collection, subject only to the Terms, Provisoes, and Restridfcions herein after mentioned, shall be good and valid; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Sum to be raised limited to 69, 3001. and the Number of Tickets 22, 000; Price of each three Guineas, §2. 4< — Notice shall be given in the Gazette, of the Intention to fell; and a Lid of the Articles allotted as Prizes, 4< shall be published in the London Newspapers, §3. — Trustees appointed, in wdiom the Collection, &c. is«vetted,4*5-"

VI. 1 And whereas the said John and Joftah Boydell have laid out and expended the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds and upwards in their Stock of Copper Plates be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons who may become possessed of any of the Paintings or Drawings in the said Collection whereof the said John and Joftah Boydell shall have any Copper Plate at the Time of such Lottery, to engrave, etch, work, or copy the same for Sale, or eause or fuller or permit the same to be engraved, etched, worked, or copied, or to eause or suffer or permit any Drawing to be made of any such Painting for the Purpose of making or having made, or permitting to be made, any Engraving or Etching therefrom, within such respective Periods of Time as they the said John and Joftah Boydell, are by Law now entitled to the Copy Right of, in, and to the same Works respectively, unless with the Consent in Writing of the said John and Joftah Boy dell, their Executors, Admiuillrators, or Assigns, for that Purpose, first had and obtained in the Manner prescribed and directed by the several Acts now in force concerning the same; and that all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in the several Acts made and now in force for securing the Property of Prints to Inventors and Engravers, shall be and remain in full Force as to any Persons offending against such Acts, as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been made; and that the said John and Jofah Boydell, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in any Action, Suit, or Proceeding whatsoever, that may be commenced, indituted, or had for the enforcing any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, against any Person who shall have offended therein, shall be deemed and taken to be the Proprietors of such Painting or Paintings, Drawing or Drawings, Copper Plate or Copper Plates, as aforesaid, for the Purpose of recovering any such Penalties or Forfeitures, or of enforcing any of the Provisions of the said several Acts, or any of them.

41 The Collection, &c. shall be divided into Prizes, to be determined by the Draw ing of the first sixty-twb Tickets in any such State Lottery confiding of 22, 000 Tickets, or upwards, drawn before June 1, 1805, as 4< shall be chosen by said John and Joftah Boydell by 42 Days Notice in the I.ondon Gazette, §7. (See the Schedule.) — Messrs. Boydell may have the Prizes drawn by a separate Lottery with Consent of the Treasury, before 1 September 1805, §8. — Messrs. Boydell may receive the Mouey aiifr.ig from the Exhibition tilf the Prizes arc determined, f 9. — Publick Act, §10."

237

Power to Ml the Collection of Painting*, it c. by way uf Chance.

Person l who may become possessed of any of the Paintings or Drawings, shall not engrave or copy the same for Sale.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1804.

23 S C. vi, vii.

44° GEORGII III.

Prize*.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The COLLECTIONS ESTATE, and PREMISES, comprized in this Act, are allotted and divided into sixty.two Prises; together with PRINTS of the estimated Value of one Guinea for each of the twenty-one thousand nine hundred and thirty-eight unfortunate Tickets $ — as follows:

[For the First Drawn to the Twenty sixth Drawn Ticket certain Pifiures framed

Twenty seventh to forty fourth Drawings framed Do.

Forty fifth.Drawings not framed Do. as specified*

Forty fix th to fifty sixth Prints and Books with Prints Do\

Fiz, BoydeWs Shakffearej Milton, iffc. hound in Russia.]

D^wn^T^dlet^| A complete Set of the large Shakspeare Proof Prints framed and glazed.

for the fifty-eighth 7 A complete set of Boydell9* Publications; contained in 48 Volumes, bound in ClafTc* Drawn Ticket 3 according to their Schools, and containing 4*432 Prints.

For the fifty-ninth I A.

Drawn Ticket fAbkcSct-For the sixtieth 7 A ... q:

Drawn Ticket } A^Set.

The Milton

Drawings

framed.

The Shakspeare Gallery.

For the sixty-first 7 Twenty-eight large Drawings, by Richard Wflail\ R. A. in Colours, for the Poetical Drawn Ticket y Works of Milton^ and from which the Plates were engraved.

Unfertanals

Tickets.

And,

For the sixty-second Drawn Ticket

400, 600l.

O. 3. c. lxix. 4«Q. j.e.csiiA.

The Whole of the large Pictures from Shakfoare, now exhibiting, and from which the large Plates have been taken.

Also the Whole of the Small Pictures from which the Plates have been engraved for the Embellishment of the nine Folio Volumes of Plays.

Also, seven Pictures of the Ages, by Smirke> R, A. Together with all the Estate, Right and Interest, of Messrs. John and Josiah Boy dell\ in these Premises, which were erected by them, and in which they hold an unexpired Term of 64 Years, at a Ground Rent of £12$ per Annum.

The Pictures are all framed, and are fully described in the Shakspeare Gallery Catalogue, and amount in the Whole, to 167; besides which, there are three Supernumerary Pictures, not in the Catalogue, and which have not been engraved.

This Prize will also include the Alto Relievo in Front of the Gallery, by Banks % R. A. and two Baflb Relievos by the Honourable Anne Darner.

What is given in this last Prize, for the sixty-second Drawn Ticket, has cod the Proprietors upwards of

£.30, 000.

For each-and every! A Print or Prints aggregately of the estimated Value of one Guinea, taken and selected of the 21, 938 > by the said William Mor I andt John Soane, and David Davies, or by the furviring and

Undrawn Tickets, j new Trustees, or any two of them, from the Collection of the said John and Josiah Boy dell; confiding of 4, 432 Plates, according to the Prices, and as the same are arranged in their alphabetical Catalogue. Such Prints, or Lots of Prints, when selected, to be set apart, marked, and numbered by them the said Trustees, or any Two of them, from Number 1, to 21, 938, both in-dufive, and held by the said Trustees, to be delivered to the Holders of the said Unfortunate Tickets, according as the Numbers of their Tickets shall progressively stand and be numbered, after taking out from the Whole 22, 000 Numbers, the 62 Numbers that shall and may be drawn for the Capital Prizes; And for the Purpose of ascertaining such new Numbers, and the Delivery to be made of the said Selection of Prints to the Holders of each Unfortunate Number, a numerical Lift shall be made out immediately after the Drawing of the said Prizes, by or under the Direction of the said Trustees, or any two of them, of the Whole of the Unfortunate Numbers, as they will numerically (land, after taking out, from the Whole 22, 000 Numbers, the 62 Numbers drawn as Capital Prizes; so that such new Lift may correspond, in numerical Order, with the Numbers affixed to the Prints, or Lots of Prints, selected for the Unfortunate Tickets as aforesaid.

Cap. vii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, asuifor better regulating the Port of London; and another Act passed in the forty-second Year of the said Reign, to alter and wbcMthe first-igcnuoncdAft.

[23d March 1804.]

Cap.

Vv,

A.D. 1804.44° GEORGII III. viii — xvi.

Cap. viii.

An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets ana other publick Panages and Places, within the Borough of St. Albany in the County of Hertford, \

[23d March 1804.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[23d March 1804.]

{The Company empowered to borrow 70, 000l. additional1]

Cap. x.

An Act for continuing (<?) the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of two Acts, made in the second and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbome in the county of .Derby, to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton Common, to Cong let on in the County of Chester. £Former Tolls repealed and new granted.] [23d March 1804.]

Cap. xi.

An Act to alter and amend two Acts, passed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Prefion, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[3d May 1804.]

{Former Tolls repealed and new granted.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for enlarging (b) the Term, and Powers of two Acts, made in the third and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, foTar as the same relate to the third District of Roads therein mentioned.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Bur ford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from

thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Croft Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Poftin the Parish of Withingion, in the County of Gloucester.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Act9, passed for repairing the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Bamby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post, at the Division of Kelham and Mujlham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post.

[3d May 1804.]

{Sunday Tolls granted.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Parishes of Ramfy and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon [3d May 1804.]

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously hum, cut, throw down, break down, or otherwise injure or destroy any Bank, Mill Hill, Mill Engine, Flood Gate, Tunnel or Sluice, or any other Works already erected, supported, maintained, or used, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making or erecting, or be made, erected, suppoited, maintained, 'or used, or shall obstruct any Perfotl^or Persons employed in making or erecting the fame, by virtue of this Act, for draining and preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the said District, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court, by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall hereby have Power and Authority to cause such Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may, if they think fk, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be tponftrued to obstruct any ancient Roadway heretofore used, or to prevent any Person or Persons from conveying Turfj or otherwise from getting into any Lands adjoining the said Droveway, called Uggmeer Cote Grove-

Cap. xvi.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, (a)

[3d May 1804.]

Cap

239

[See 34 G. 3.

c. 78.

39 & 40 G. 3-

C. xxxvi.J

iG. 3. c. St.

22 G. 3. c. 107.

19 G. 3. c. 9s. 35 G. 3. c. 145.

3O. 3. c. 59.

23 G. 3. c. 105.

2SG.2. c. 47. 27 G. 3. c. 77.

32 G. 2. c. 57. 22 G. 3. c. 94.

Pcn.ihy an ftrt.ying Work*, Fclei»7, bic.

[Former APs iG. 3. c. §0.

12 G. 3. c. $6. 24 G. 3. c. 63. r. pealed atto Roaffsuiuter thi1 AH]

24$ C. xvii--xxii. 440 GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

*G. 1. c. 61.

23 G. 3. c. 109.

7G. 3. c. 9*.

*5 G. 3. c. 10*.

Cap. iviJ.

An Act to continue (3) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of t<vo Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River, ana alfa the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Power of two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitecbvrcb, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle-under-Lyne, and from Hinjlock to Nani wick aforesaid.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the Town of Milton next Sittingbome, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructionss, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, [3d May 1804.]

i G. 3. c. Si.3 G. 3. c. 108.

29 G. 3. o. 20.

Cap. xx.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, of the second and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hejhet by Yewes Bridge to Coder-mouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for continuing (a) the Term, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the twenty* ninth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin in the County of Forfar.

[Additional Tolls granted.] [31/ May 1804.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein.

[3d May 1804/J

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Ma-JSG. 3, (I.)«y, jesty»g Reign, intituled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and

'5*the District of the Metropolis, and ejlablt/oing a Parochial Watch in the said City, it is, amongst other Things,

enacted, That no Person should hawk about Trees, Shrubs, or Plants, for Sale, within the City of Dublin, or five Miles thereof, or fell, or expose to Sale, in any Place within the said City, or five Miles thereof, in any Place not being Part of his or her Dwelling House, any new or old Books, Maps, Prints, Pamphlets, Charts, ' or Drawings, or fell, or expose to Sale in the said City, or within the said Distance thereof, any Glass Bot-

ties, not being Makers or Importers thereof, nor felling Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Ale, or Porter, nor fell,

or expose to Sale, within the said City, or five Miles thereof, old Cloaths in any Stall, Stand, Shed, Booth,

Shop, or other Place, or carry on the Business of a Pawnbroker, within the said Dittrift, or sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail in the City of Dublin, or within five Miles thereof, unless he or she should have a Licence for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal of the Superintendent Magistrate for the Preservation of the Peace within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, in the said Act mentioned, for which Licences such Person should pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Superintendent Magistrate, the respective Duties payable for the fame; and it was also by the said Act further enacted, That all Sum or Sums of Money, arising from all and fingtilar the Fines, Taxes, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed, reserved, and made payable by* 4 Law, or for any Licence or Licences, theretofore or thereafter to be granted as aforesaid, should be, and the same were thereby vetted in the said Superintendent Magistrate, and should be paid to the said Superintendent Magistrate for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned 1 And whereas the Duties payable on the said Licences have, from Time to Time been granted, altered, increased, and continued by divers Acts; and the Duties payable on such Licences did ccafe end determine on the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and it is expedient that like Duties should, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged. 4 raised, levied, collected, and made payable on such Licences according to the Schedule to this Act annexed : May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Duties mentioned and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, (over and above all other Duties of Excise, paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ) shall be charged, raised, levied, collected, and paid.

" Duties in Schedule annexed shall be levied and applied in manner directed by former Irish Acts, viz* " 35 G. 3. c. 36. 36 G, 3. c. 30. 39 G. 3. c. 56. 40 G. 3. c. 62. §2. — Licences shall be in force to 25th

March annually, §3. — Superintendent Magistrate empowered to license god regulate Dairy Carts, &c. as qnder 37 G. 3. (/, ) c. j8, and 39 G. 3. (/, ) c. 56. — §4, &c,J

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. xxii, xxiii.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of Duties to be annually paid for Licences granted by the Superintendent Magi-(Irate of the Dillrid of the Metropolis of Dublin.

Irish Currency. £. j. di

For every Person selling Spirits by Retail within the City of Dublin, or five Miles thereof, for each

and every House in which the same shall be sold, over and above all Duties whatever — 0100

For every Person hawking about Trees, Shrubs, and Plants for Sale, in the City of Dublin, or

within five Miles thereof - 200

For every Person felling, or exposing to Sale, within the said City, or five Miles thereof, in any Stand, Stall, Shed, Booth, or other Place, not being a Part of his or her Dwelling, any new or old Books, Maps, Prints, Pamphlets, Charts, or Drawings — — — i o 0

For every Person felling or exposing to Sale, within the said City, or five Miles thereof, any Glass Bottles, not being the Maker or Importer thereof, and not felling Wines, Spirits, Beer,

or Ale - 2O0i

For every Person who shall sell or expose to Sale, within the said City, or five Miles thereof, old

Cloaths in any Stall, Shed, Booth, Shop, or other Place — — — 2 o o,

For every Person or Persons who shall, jointly or separately, carry on the Business of a Pawnbroker, or who shall have any Benefit, interest, or Gain thereby, as a Partner, or anonymous Partner thereio, within the District of the Metropolis, or five Miles thereof, for each and every House or other Place, in which such Business shall be carried on, over and above all Duties whatever 100 o

94l

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland\

[3d May 1804.2

I, M Recital of Ad of Scots Parliament of 1695, for erecting the Bank of Scotland with a Capital of 4, 200, 0001.

Scots (i. e. ioo, ooool. Sterling), that by British Stat, 14(7.3. c. 32, the said Bank were empowered to in- crrease their Capital by Subkripfions to the Amount of 1, 200, 000b Scots (ioo, ooool. Sterling, ! additional;

and by Stat. 24 G. 3. c. 12. by the like Addition; and by 6tat. 32 G. 3. c. 25. by an Addition of 3, 600, 000l.

Scots (300, 000l. Sterling); and by Stat. 34 G. 3. c. 19. by an Ad&tion of 4, 8oo, ooool. Scots (400, 000b Sterling): "

And whereas the gradual Augmentation of the Capital of the Bank of Scotland has proved of great Benefit

to the Nation, and it will tend to the further Advancement of Agriculture, Commerce, and Manufactures,

' and be otherwise beneficial, that the Capital Stock of the said Bank should be (till further augmented in the Whole to the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling: And whereas the Denomination ' of Scots Money having now fallen into Desuetude, and all Transactions in Business as well in Scotland as in England being now made and kept in Sterling Money, it is therefore proper and expedient that in future the 1 Stock of the Bank of Scotland, and all Sums relating to the Affairs of the said Bank, should be reckoned and dated in Sterling Money of Great Britain: And whereas by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland\

made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, it wa3 declared, that for preventing the Breaking of the said Joint Stock and Company contrary to the Design thereof, and that the Sums of the Subscriptiona and Shares there mentioned might only be conveyed and transmitted by the Owners to others who mould become Partners of the Said Company in their Place in Manner therein mentioned, or by Adjudication, or other legal Conveyance, in Favour of one Person only who in like Manner should succeed to be' a Partner in

his Predecessor's Place, so that the aforesaid Sums of Subscriptions might neither be taken out of the Stock,

nor parcelled amongst more Persons by legal Diligence in any Sort: And whereas it is expedient that the Division of the Stock of the said Company into Shares of one thousand Pounds Scots, or Eighty-three Pounds fix ShilJmgs and eight-pence Sterling, should be discontinued, and that the same should be allowed to be transferred, transmitted, or conveyed to others, or retained by the Bank (but under the Conditions after Specified) in any Sums or Parcels without regard to the above Division: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, .by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual* and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That within three Months after the pifling of this Act, or as soon after as Adrfi.ional may be, the Court of Ordinary Directors of the said Bank shall appoint a Book to be opened and kept at the Capital of Office of the Said Bank of Scotland, for receiving Subscriptions for an Additional Capital or Joint Stock to the 500, 000l. Ster-Extent of five hundred thousand Pounds Sterling Money; in which Book every Person or Persons possessed of n, 8fr any Quantity of the present Capital Stock of the said Bank of Scotland shall be entitled to subscribe for a Quau- u K or' tity oT the said new additional Stock in proportion to what he, she, or they shall be possessed of the old Stock at the Time of subscribing, and no more, or for a smaller Quantity, if such Person or Persons so think proper.

Proprietors may subscribe by Proxy, §2. — Preference to SubscribeTS limited to three Months after opening the Books, §3. — Premium (if any) shall be applied for the Benefit of the Bank, j 4. — Shares not subscribed for by Proprietors may be taken by other Persons, } 5. — General Meeting may call for New Stock to b«

subscribed for, J 6. — Proprietors not entitled to Dividends until Calls paid, §7. — For Recovery of Money due on Calls, §8."

Geo. III. li IX. And

24*

Future Qualification of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors.

Future Qualification of Voters, ate.

Stock, &c. shall hereafter'be JIated. in Sterling.

For discontinu-ing the Mode qi dividing the Stock.

Former A<f^s shall remain in &rce.

Former A 8s 5 G. 3, c. too. zo G. 3. c. 89. repealed.

Former A8i 3 0.3. C. 59. 13C. 3. c. 105, repealed os to Roads under this A 8.

Application of future

Siitplusses of the Orphans' Fund.

C. xxiii — xxvii. 44? GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

IX. And be it further enacted, That after the new additional Stock is completely paid in! no Proprietor shall be elected Governor, unless he be possessed of Stock to the Amount of two thousand Pounds Sterling, nor Deputy Governor, unless he be possessed of one thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, nor Director, unless he he possessed of one thousand Pounds Sterling, of the Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the said new additional Stock shall have been completed in the Manner before directed, no Proprietor shall he entitled to give his Vote in the Election of a Governor, Deputy* Governor, or Directors, or in any Question at any General Meeting, who shall not be possessed of Stock to the Amount of three hundred Pounds Sterling, and who has not actually paid in the said Sum of three hundred Pounds Sterling; and that every Proprietor shall have a Vote for each three hundred Pounds Sterling which he ha9 actually paid in: Provided always, That no Proprietor shall in any Case be entitled to more than twenty Votes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Stock of the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Scotland, and all Sums of Money relating to the Affairs of the said Bank shall be reckoned and dated in Sterling Money of Great Britain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Division of the Stock of the said Company into Shares of one thousand Pounds Scots, or eighty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight* pence Sterling, shall be discontinued, and that the same shall be allowed to be transferred, transmitted, or conveyed to others, or retained by the Bank, (but under the Conditions before specified, ) in any Sums, or Parcels, without Regard to the above Division.

XIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the said several recited Acts shall remain in full force, except in so far as any of them have been altered by any subsequent Acts, or by this present

act.

" Publick Act, §14."

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport in the County of Chester, tp Saxon's Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and in the County of York (j).

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for the better amending and impairing the Road leading from a certain Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhatt, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford (a).

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, into and through the Township of Worjley, to a Place called Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster (£).

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Aas for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hiu, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund, certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts.

[3d May 1804.]

" Recital of former Aas 35 G. 3. c. 126. 38 G. 3. c. lxi. 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xtii. 42 G. 3. c. lxxiii. The Common Council empowered to raise by Annuities, on the Credit of the Orphans' Fund an additional Sum " of ioo, ooool. §1-2. — The Orphans' Fund charged with such Annuities, §3. {As §3. of 42 G. 3. " c. lxxiii.)"

IV. And be it further enacted, That out of the future Surpluses of the said Orphans' Fund, after referring so much Money as will be sufficient to satisfy the Interest payable from Time to Time to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City, as also to satisfy the Annuities and yearly Interest payable from Time to Time in respea of the several other principal Sums raised and borrowed by virtue or under the Authority of the several Acts of Parliament already passed for that Purpose, and now in force, the Annuities payable and to be paid in respect of the said Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds authorized and directed to be raised and borrowed under and by virtue of this Act, shall be paid, from Time to Time, as the same shall grow due, before any Part of such Surplusses shall be applied in Redemption of the Annuities and the Payment of the principal Monies already charged upon the said Fund; and that the Residue of such Surplusses, after such Payments as by this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament already passed and now in force, are directed to be made out of the fame, mall be paid and satisfied, shall from Time to Time, by. Order of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London (which Orders the said Court are hereby authorized and directed to make), or by the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, applied towards the Redemption of all and Angular the Annuities payable in respect of the said Sum of ode hundred thousand Pounds by this Act charged on the said Fund, ia such Order and Course as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think iit.

Upon

A.D. 1804.

44° GEORGII III.

C. xxvii.

243

u Upon Notice of Redemption of the Annuities, and Tender of the Monies, the Annuities shall cease, §5. — M If the Surpluses of the Orphans' Fund should be insufficient for Payment of the Annuities, the Deficiencies u shall be paid out of the Chamber of London, §6. — The Money to be raised under this Act (after Payment of u Expences of the Act) shall be applied to the Purposes of the four recited Acts, and the Surplus, if any, shall u go towards redeeming Annuities granted under this Act, §7. — 'The Corporation of London answerable in €t case of Mifepplication of the Money, §8. — Disbursements of Money raised under this Act, shall be included* is the Chamberlain's annual Accounts, §9."

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall tend to lefien or alfed the Security of any of the present Creditors of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens further or otherwise than is herein expressly dircded and enacted.

XI- ' And whereas the said Fund called The Orphans Fund, was established by and for the Purposes mentioned in an Act, pafifed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, Jtn AS for the Relief of Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London; and the Receipts and Disburse-ments of the said Fund are under the Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City; and by several Acts passed in the twenty-first and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, in the seventh and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, ami the said recited Acts of the thirty-fifth, thirty-ninth and fortieth, and forty-second Years of the same Reign, or by some of them, the said Fund has been continued and augmented, and divers Sums of Money charged thereon for defraying the Expences of several publick WorksAnd whereas a Part of the said Orphans* Fund confills of Vfrc clear Annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds, by the said Act of the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary charged for ever upon all the Estates and Revenues of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, except as therein excepted, and a further Part of the said Orphans' Fund confills of the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of all Coals 01* Culm usually sold by the Chaldron imported into the Port of London, or Members thereof, and of a like Duty of Sixpence for every Ton of such Coals sold by the Tomand so imported; and the said Act directed that the said Imposition of Sixpence should continue from the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred. For the Term of fifty Years; and by the before-mentioned Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second the same was further continued for a Term of thirty-five Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of fifty Years; and from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and fifty, the Estates and Revenues of the said. Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens were by the same last mentioned Act charged towards the said Fund with the Yearly Sum of two thousand Pounds, over and above the said yearly Sum of eight thousand Pounds; and by the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty the said Imposition of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm was continued for a further Term of forty-six Years from the Expiration of the said Term of thirty-five Years 5 and from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven unto the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand cigtit hundred and thirty-ope, the Estates and Revenues of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens were by that Ad charged towards the further Increase of the said Fund, with the full Yearly Sum of one thousand save hundred Pounds, over and above the said several yearly Sums of eight thousand Pounds.and two thousand Pounds: And whereas the Surpluses of the said Orphans' Fund have Deen from Time to Time applied, according to the Directions of the several Acts made and passed concerning the same, and thereby the Capital Debt due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of London, and before the passing of this Act charged on the said Orphans' Fund, was, on the fifth Day of July last, reduced to the Sum of seven hundred and eighty-five thousand three hundred Pounds, and (computing the future Surpluses on an Average of the last six Years, ) the whole might be expected to be paid off and difehareed by the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty, if no further Charge or Incumbrance mould be made thereon: And whereas, if the said Impositiou of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coala or Culm, and the said yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, charged on the Estates and Revenues of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens be further continued to the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Surplus of the said Fund will (it is computed) be fufneient to pay off the said further Charge of one hundred thousand Pounds, as well as the whole of the Debt and Sums of Money before charged thereon, within the Time for which the said Fund would be so continued as last mentioned be it therefore further enacted, That, for and towards rendering the said Fund sufficient and effectual to pay off and discharge, not only the Principal and Interest of the Debt remaining due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of London, but likewise of the Monies charged thereon by this present A &; and also to pay and redeem the Annuities which will be payable in respect of the Monies so hereby charged on the said Fund, and raised or borrowed on the Credit thereof, the said imptffition of Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm, so by the said Act of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King Willumnnd Queen Mary granted during a Term of fifty Years, and by the said Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second further continued for a Term of thirty-five Years; and by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty further continued for a Term of forty-six Years, shall be and the same is hereby continued for a further Term of five Years and three Quarters of a Year from the Expiration of the said Term of forty-six Years; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions, contained in the same three Acts, or either of them, for the collecting, levying, and recovering of the said Imposition, and all the Penalties thereby imposed, and Regulations therein respectively made for preventing Frauds and Covin, shall remain and be in force, and by virtue of this Act shall and may be exercisedf and put in use, in collecting, levying, and recovering the said Imposition, for and during all the Time by this# Act limited and appointed for Payment thereof, as if the same were herein expressly mentioned and repeated and at large re* enacted and all Monies to be received on account of the said Imposition hereby continued,

A# shall not

afftd C» editors, of the

Corporation.

The Duty of 64. per Chaldron or Ton of Coal* imported into the Tort of London (being Part of the Oiphans'Fund, ) further continued from Michaelmas D/«y 1831, to 5th July 1837. f See Statutes 5 <V

6 W. Sf JV£. c. i# 21 (r. X. €. 1).

7«-J..37.

18 G. 3. r. 48. and Acts rented an $ 1. of tins

*44

The Yearly Sum of 1, 5001. already charged on ihe Revenues of the Corporation of London, in Aid of the said Orphans' Fund up to Midsummer 1831, further continued to 5th July 1837.

33 C. 2. c. 55.

azG. 3. c. 97.

8o, ooooL

bG. 3. c. 5*.

23 0.3. c. 105.

a Q. 3, c. 7?. 23 G. 3. c. 98.

Cxxv'ii — xxxiv. 44° GEORGII IIl. A.D. 1804.

shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt the Chamber of the said Cityf London, for and towards the Increase of the said Fund.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, for and towards rendering the said Fund more folly sufficient and effectual for the Purposes before mentioned concerning the same, all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markets, Fairs, and the Duties thereof, and all other the Revenues of and belonging to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London* in Po&eifton or Reversion, shall not only henceforth, onto the said twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, but also from and after that Day up to and until die fifth Day of July which will be in the Year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, Hand, continue, and be changed with the said full yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds, already charged thereon as aforesaid, and no more, over and above the said fcvCrai yearly Sums of eight thousand Pounds and two thousand Pounds wherewith they respectively (land charged; which yearly Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds so made payable for a longer Time, is hereby appropriated and shall be applied to the same Uses to which the said yearly Sums of eight thousand Pounds and two thousftnd Pounds are by the said former Acts and this Act made applicable.

Common Council empowered to purchase Houses, See. at any Time, within three Years, and complete Im- provements (under Acts recited in §1.) at any Time within five Years from the passing of this Act*§ 13*

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to continue (^) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bawlry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Worthy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manebester> so far 33 the same relates to the Road from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinjley, and through Part of the Town of Tinflcy to the Place where the same joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further Sum of Money* for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for continuing (£) the Term and Powers of two Ada, of the third and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Staffordt and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a Place called Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certai 1 Stone which divides the Liberty of Rant on and EllenbalL, in the Road between 'Bridgford and Newport, being the first Dif-trid of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts made in the second and twenty-third Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleohury Mortimer, The Cross Houses, Glavuley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abherley Hill, in the Counties of Salop and Wor-tester, [Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.] [3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Dilates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders Dari of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of Wexford, Maw, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland, in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectually raifng a sufficient Sum of Money for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, and Donegall, the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders, Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saundem Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the Payment of the Debts now due by them respectively, and for other Purposes. (q. P.J [3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Ackkim, in the Daft Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[3d May 1&04.J

[Allotments are given in lieu of all Tithes within the said Township. j

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said Coun; y.

[16th May 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Power and Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and for that Purpose to assess and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the Annual Rent or Value, all Dilates within all and every the Parishes, Townships, Liberties, Precincts,

Hamlet s*

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. xxxiv.

1 Hamlets, extraparochial Places and other Places within the said County of Leicester % for and towards the fame; with Powers for such Justices to collect and enforce the Payment of such Rjatc may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicejlei*, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to assess and tax every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place and other Place within the said County, rateably and in equal Proportions according to the Annual Rent or Value of all Estates within such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra-parochial f lace and other Place respectively, in the Manner herein after mentioned.

according to the Annual Rent or

" Clerks to the Commissioners, See. under Property Act, 43 G. 3. r. 122. shall make Returns on Oath to Michael- mas Sessions of the Amount of the Rental or Value of Estates, §2. — Rates shall be made by the Justices at

the next Epiphany Sessions, §3. — Penalty on Clerks, &c. for Neglect in making Returns, 50l. to 20l. leviable 4' by Uiltrefs and Sale, &c. $ 4, 5.1 — lu Cases where Returns are neglected to be made, Justices may make a " Rate according to-an Ellunate to be procured by them, §6."

VII. And, in order the better to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, from 4' Time to Time to assess and tax rateably* according to the Annual Rent or Value, all Estates within each and every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial PJace, and other Place within the said

County of Leicester; for and towards the County Rate for the said County be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at the End of twenty-one Years from the passing of this Act, and so from Time to Time at the End of eafcry successive twenty-one Years, in all Time lo come if they shall judge fit, at their 'Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions assembled, upon six Calendar Months' previous Notice being given in the London Gazette, an3 in some one Newspaper printed within or usually circulated in the said County, if any such there shall be, to make a new Rate and Assessment upon e3ch and every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and other Place within the said County, for and towards the County Rate for the said County, according to such Estimate or Return of the just and fair Annual Rent or Value of the Estates within such Parish, Township, liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and other Place respectively, as the said Justices shall be able to procure from the like Returns, which are by this Act required to be referred to as aforesaid, or from or by any such other Ways or Means as the said Justices shall deem necessary or expedient for procuring an Estimate or Return of the just and fair Annual Rent or Value of all or any of the Estates within each and every Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, and other Place within the said County, and to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Chief Constables and other Persons within the several Districts and Divisions in the said County, for their Expences and Trouble in making, procuring, and collecting the fame, as to the said Justices shall appear reasonable and proper; and that all such Allowance, Compensation, and other Expences as shall be thereby incurred, shall be paid out of the County Rate for the said County of Leicester.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be done in purfuftnee of this Act, or the Powers hereby given, he, she, or they, shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their next General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County next after any such Cause of Complaint shall arise, upon giving ten Days Notice in Writing, stattng the Cause of Complaint unto the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Complaint shall arise; which Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame* and to give such Appellants or Appellant such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, or other Place in the said County of Leicester, where no Rate is or shall be made and colltfted for the Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, to order anddireft the Sum of Money which shall from Time to Time be iflefledasor for the County Rate, upon such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers (to whom the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division shall give the Notice herein after mentioned for Payment of such Rate) in such and the same Manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied, which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Parish, Tornship, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extraparochial Place, or other Place doth lie, within the Space of ten Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Constable of such Hundred or Di-vifloo, which Demand the said Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such Times as the said Justices ut the Peace shall by their Order in Sessions direct; and in case such one or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so assessed, as or for a County Rate, after Demand made as aforesaid, such Chief Constable shall and is hertby empowered to levy the same by Distrefe and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers so refilling or neglecting to pay the same as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of the Peace For the uud County of Lticjler, rendering the Overplus (if aoy) on Demand, after deducting the Money assessed, and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof;

and

245

Just: f e$ of Peace for (he County in General Quitter Sessions empoweted to make an equal County'Rate Value of Etfates.

A new Afo lament fh ifl he made at the Fnd o! every 21 fuc-cefTive Yean.

General Appeal.

How Ra: t shall he levied where there is no Foot Kate.

j

24$

How Rite shall he levied in Places

when not paid, out of the Poor Rate.

Powers of

12 G. 2. c. 29. continued, except where al-teied by this Act.

Justices of the Peace for the County shall not have Jurisdiction in the Borough of Leicester.

49, 680l.

33 O.i. c. 53.2 G. 3- c. 18.

42 O. 3. C. C'm

si O. 3* c. 113.

33 C. 2. c. 58. 12 G 3. c. 108.

C. xxx iv. — xxxix. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

and if such one or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, she, or they, may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and may be allowed and reimbursed the said Sum of Money by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands, within such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precind, Hamlet, extraparochial Place or other Place, which any two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County shall order and direct, and shall be subject and liable to the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof by Distress and Sale, in Cases of Non-payment, as are hereinbefore given to the Chief Constable.

X. And whereas it will be very inconvenient and oppressive to many Town ships, Liberties, Hamlets, or

Places in the said County of Leicester, that the Sum of Money which shall be assessed as or for the County Rate

under this Act, should be paid out of any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, where such Poor Rate doth

not apply separately and distinctly to the Parish, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or Place be it therefore enacted.

That it mall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace or the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, if they shall think convenient, to order the Sum of Money directed to be aliened as or for the County Rate on any such Parish, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or Place, to be paid by and levied on the Churchwardens, Overseers, or Petty Couilables of or for any such Parish, Township, Liberty, Hamlet, or Place, in such Manner as the same is herein directed to be paid and levied in Cases' where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; any Thing hercinscontained, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it farther enacted and declared, That all the Powers and Authorities in and by an Act, pasted in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easily assesstng, colIeSing and levying the County Rates; and all other existing Laws relating to County Rates, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect (except where altered by this Act) with respect to the said County of Leicester; and that all such Powers and Authorities shall be used and exercised in the Execution of this Act.

tl Expences of this Act to be paid out of the County Rate, $ it, — Limitation of Actions. Twenty-one Days u Notice. Tender six Months. Venue in the County. General Issue. Treble Costs, §13."

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Jurisdiction to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, over any Parishes or Places within the Borough of Leicester, which before the passing of this Act were subject to the Rates in the Nature of County Rates, imposed and assessed by the Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Leicester, but that the Jurisdiction of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, and of the said Justices of the Peace for the said Borough of Leicester respectively, shall remain unprejudiced and unaffeded by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

" Publick Act, §15." '

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise Money*to discharge their Debts, and to complete the feud Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation.

[16th May 1804.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to continue (c) and render more effectual two Acts, pasted in the thirty-third Year of his late Majesty, and the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, orone-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleauing, and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for creding a new Publick Market therein.

[16th May 1804.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging (£) the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs % in the County of Middlesex; and also, of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road* in the said County; and also for making, maintaining* watching, lighting, and wategng a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks.

[16th May 1804.]

[£70, 000 additional allowed to be ratjed on the Terms of 42 G. 3. c. ci. §11. — Additional Tolls granted, — The Cannon Street Road Acts (See the AS 42 G. 3*) are continued for the Term of this Act> and amended.3

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, pasted for repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near Llyfwen9 in the County of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Garthbrcngy Common, in the said County.

[16th May 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and stew granted.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to continue [b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts passed for repairing the Roads from the town of Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the County of Hereford\ so far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford

[.Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.'} [16th May 1804.]

Caf,

A.D. 1804. 44*° GEORGII III. xl. — xlvii. 247

Cap. xl.

An Act for amending and keeping in Jtepaif the Ropd from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Swan Inn, in the Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford\ to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick. (b)

[ 16th May 1804.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for vesting in John Henry Maw Esquire, in Fee Simple, certain Estates comprized in an Act of 41 O. 3. <^cL Parliament, of the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, sin rid for veiling the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees to be foldt and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; and for, by the present Act, settling a Fee Simple Ellate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater Value, to the Uses of the Will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first-mcutioned Estates. (q. P.)

[16th May 1804.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

v [16th May 1804.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for continuing (r) the Term of an Act, passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for3 G. 3. c. 103. repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York.

[18th May 1804.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Talbot, Lord Dynevor, and other Persons, claiming under the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, being Part of the Estates devised by the said WiU. (q. P.)

[18th May 1804.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for the better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the Arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheriesin the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said Arm of the Sea.

[3* G. 3. c. 94, for regulating Salmon Fisheries in the Nith repealed.] [5th June 1804.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to raise a further Sum ot Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of the Reign of his pr.efent Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a Collateral Cut thereto.

[5th 7^1804.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for the better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County o I Middlesex, for providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the said Parish, for appointing CoQeftors of the Rates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[5th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, is very large and populous, and the Poor belonging thereto are very numerous, insomuch that the providing for the said Poor, and the Management and Employment of them, are become too burdensome for the Office of Overseers of the said Poor, which would be better and more easily discharged, with the Assistance of others, participating in

the Powers and Functions of the said Office, and forming, together with the said Overseers, the Churchwardens, and Vicar of the said Parish for the Time being, 'one united and felcft Body of Directors for governing, maintaining, and employing the said Poor, under certain Rules and Regulations; and the Inhabitants of the said Parish are desirous to obtain Authority for carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: And whereas the present Workhouse of the said Parish is in many Part* decayed, and, with the Buildings crested in addition thereto, is insufficient for the Accommodation and proper Employment of the Poor of the said Parish requiring to be supported therein. See.9 sixty Persons named, and their Successors appointed Directors of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, for the Purposes of well-governing, providing for, employing, and managing the said Poor; and also of erecting a new Workhouse, &c.

The Lord or Lady for the Time being of the Manor of Tottenham empowered to appoint two Directors, §3. 44 — Estates and Eflefts in possession of the Churchwardens, &c. before this Act, for the Use of the Poor, shall become veiled in such Directors, §7. — Estates, Money, See. left to charitable Uses, shall be applied by Di- rectors, according to the Wilh of the Donor, §8. — Said Directors empowered to appoint Coueftors of the 41 Rates, and a Treasurer, and Matter or Mistrefa of the Work-house, and Beadles for Regulation of the Poor; 44 and also on the Tuesday next before Easter the Headboroughs (which used to be nominated in Vestry, ) to nominate Clerks, See. and to give Salaries to the said Officers (except the Treasurer, ) §12. — Directors may nominate Inspector of the Workhouse for the better securing a due Check and Controul over the several Officers and Servants appointed and employed in or about the said Workhouse, and over the regular and faithful Execution of such Contrafts or Engagements as shall or may at any Time be entered into and made

60, 0001.

C. xlvii — lv

44° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1804.

with the said Directors, by any Person or Persons, for or concerning the Care or Maintenance, or Employment of the said Poor, and also for the better providing a prompt and immediate Discharge of many Duties u appertaining to the Office of Overseers of the Poor, and requinng Dispatch, in the Intervals when the said V Dire dors may not be assembled at any Meeting, with a Salary of iool. per Annum, §13. — Directors may make 4< Bye Laws, &c.- §14. — Treasurer shall pay Money to the Order of three Directors, §17. — Money coming " to the Hands of Churchwardens, &c. shall be paid to the Treasurer, §18, 19. — Directors may examine " Matters upon Oath; Penalty of Perjury on Persons forswearing themselves, §20. — Poor Rates shall be made " by nine Directors (instead of by Churchwardens and Overseers, ) and allowed by two Justices, and pub^ M lished, §21. — Collectors, &c. empowered to levy Rates by Distress under Warrant of a Justice, §22, See. — w Rates shall be payable twenty-one Days before every Quarter Day, §25, Sec. — Directors empowered to u purchase Ground, Sec. for ertding Workhouse, Sec. §30, flee. — All Goods, Furniture, Apparel, or other u Property provided for the Use of the Poor vested in the Directors by the Name of "The Directors of the Poor " of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex" §45. — Seven Persons shall be chosen by the " Parish in Vestry annually 011 the Tuesday next after Eafer Week, to be Auditors of the Directors' Accounts, §47. — Directors empowered to punish or reward the Poor, §54, 55; and to apprentice Chil-xi dren. §59. — Directors may relieve Poor in lieu of being compelled to admit them into the Workhouse, f 64. " — Directors may complain to Justices, and remove poor Persons, &c. as Overseers of the Poor, flee, may in> i( other Cases, §6£ 66."

Cap. xlviii.

7 C. 3. c. 67. An Act to continue (3) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the seventh 24 C. 3. c. 69. and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty, for the amending, repairing, and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor. £5'th June 1804.]

£Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.*]

Cap. xlix.

38 G. 3. c. xi. An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New Wall, on the Parade, in the Township repeated ns lu Of Cafileton, in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great ^oa un er 11s Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) fjth June 1804.7

23 G. 2. c. 17.

9 G. 3. r. 74-33 G. 3. c. 163.

Cap. 1*

An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the Road branching out of the great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittlegate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lin* coln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, ift the same County. (a)

[5th June 1804.]

Cap li.

An Act for altering and amending Teveral Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Hadd'mgton; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County, (b) £Additional Tolls granted.] £29th June 1804.]

Cap. lii.

i°G I'Vz90' for alter*n£* amending, and consolidating several Acts ( 1), for making and repairing Turnpike Road9,

3og!z. c. 57* in Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, and Ayr; repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and amending'

29 g. 3! c. 92! an Act, passed in the thirty-feoond Year of his present Majesty (2), for making effectual the Statute La-

32 G. 3. c. 121. hour in the County of Renfrew. £29th June 1804.3 '

37 G. 3. c. 162.

c. 68..Co/. Hit.

So much of 27 G. 2. c. 38. ai relates to paving, &c. repeated.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, withm the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructioas, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

[29th Jun€ 1804.]

[See former A8st 33 G 3- c. 91. 36G.3. Q.71.96.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) C. Ixx.

42 G. 3. c. xx.]

(0 By 1st Jan. 1808.

Cap. liv.

An Act to enablethe Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the Aquedud at Pontcyfylltee, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make several Cuts or Feeders for the better supplying the said Canal with Water.

£291! June 1804.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for making (1) and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Oystermouth, in the County of Glamorgan.

[29th June 1804.]

[Proprietors incorporated by the Name of The Oystermouth Railway or Tramroad Company, empowered to raise Tonnage and Wharfage Rates.]

LXVIII. " Penalty on obftniding Railway 5l., See." — And if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, threw down, damage, or destroy, any Banks, or shall break, throw down, damage, destroy, steal, or take away any Pari of the said Railway or Tramroad, or other

A.D. 1804. 44° GEORGII III. lv — life.

Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying or completing, maintaining and supporting the fame, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Case* of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to epufe such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be puniffted by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentences as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny, or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace where such Offence shall be committed, (h?ll forfeit any Sum notless than double the Value or of the

Damages proved upon Oath to have been done at the Discretion of such Justice or Justice3, such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender; or such Offender, shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Glamorgan, for any Time not exceeding four Calendar Months, at the Discre-tiou of the Justice or Justices. before whom such Offender shall have been convicted.

Cap. lv;

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed for preferring the Harbour of S<wanfeay in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same.

[29th June 1804.]

[.Additional Rates of Tonnage granted. J

Cap. Kir.

An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Foor Rates within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bo*wy in the County of Middlesex.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex, are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence, and by Means of very heavy Rates; and the Laws and Statutes now in force within this Realm, for the assessing and collecting of Mo-

nies for the Relief of Farochial Poor, arc found inconvenient and ineffectual in the said Parish, and the Payment thereof is much evaded, by reason that divers Houses within the said Parish are let out ready-furnished or in separate Apartments, and other Houses therein, are let either fumiffied or unfurniffied to Lodgers > and it is deemed that the granting further Powers in the Premises will tend to the Equalization and Reauftion of the present Poor Rates within the said Parish, to the great Alleviation of many industrious Families who now Day the fame, and of the Rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in general May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by ana with the Advice and Consent of the Lbrds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and evenr Person and Persons, whether Owner, Lessee, Landlord, Renter, or Tenant, who shall let his or her House, Tenement, or other Premises, within tht said Parish, ready-furni(hcdy or in Parcels or separate Apartments, or in Lodgings fur-niffied or unfurniffied, shall be deemed the Occupier thereof, and shall be rated to, and shall pay the Rates and Assessments for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish; and that all and every such Rates and Assessments shall be paid by the Person or Persons renting or occupying any such ready-furnished House, or any such Parcel or separate Apartments, or ready-furnished Lodgings or unfurniffied Lodgings, and the Person or Persons, Occupier or Occupiers, of whom the same shall be demanded, is and are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be rated or assessed upon such Owner, Lessee, Landlord, Renter, or Tenant.

Rates on Houses let at small Rents may be compounded for, $ 2* — Annual Value of Houses, &c. liable to be rated, may be ascertained by Survey, §3. — Churchwardens, Overseers, and Vestrymen in Vestry may appoint 44 aTreasurer, and also Clerks, Collectors, &c. with Salaries, §4, &c. — Rates may be recovered as Poor Rates under existing Laws, §11. — Expence of making Distress may be levied in addition to the Rates, §12. — Appeal to two Justices, and thence to the Quarter Sessions, §13. — Inhabitants may be Witnesses, §14. —

Poor Laws shall continue in force, except as altered by this Act, §15."

Cap. lviii.

An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Pa(Tages and Places, within the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Foot Paths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs 5 and for otherwise improving the said City.

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for contitiuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty--fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle9 in the said County, to the River Severn.

[29th June 1804.]

Geo. III. Kk Cap.

*49;

31 G 3. c. 83. 36 G. 3^ c. 93.

Persons letting Houses ready furnished, or in separate Apartments, 0)311 be deemed the Occupies*; Rates Oi ill be paid by the Tenants.

25 G. 2. c. 60. 19 G. 3. c. 89.

25-o

i G. V c. 43.

22 G. 3. c. in*

31 G. 2. c. 68. 9G. 3. c. 73.

22 G 3. C. 100.

5 G. 3. c. 108. 26 G. 3. c. 142.

320. 2. c. 60. 3 G. 3. c. 57.

430.3. c.cx.

tfl G. c. 40. 19 G. 3. c. 82.

IO j. c. 54.

29 G. 3. c. 109.

Former /I#

18 G. 3 c. 103. repealed as to Hoads under this Act.

j 0. 3. c 36.

5 G. 3. c. 79* 10G. 3. c. 97.

C.lx — lxx. 44° GEORGII III. A.D 1804.

Cap. lx.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from HighgcUe to Market Brough, all in the County of Westmorland.

[29th June 1804.]

[Additional Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for reviving, continuing, (b) and enlarging, the Powers of two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from Pengate, in the Parish of Westbury, to LatchetPs B ridge, near the Ead End or Market Laving ton, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the second Didrift therein mentioned.

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the WillerJley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads thercio mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

[Additional Tolls granted.].[[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for enlarging (b) the Term and Powers of two Acts, of the fifth and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North End of Old Molten Gate, in the Town and Borough of Ntv Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

[29th June 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

Cap. l*iv.

An Act for reviving the Term, and continuing, (b) altering, and enlarging, the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty, and in the third Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford. [Additional Tolls granted.] [29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for cm* tinuing the Term, and consolidating into one Ad, several Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redbum Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned, and for grauting (3) other Powers for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads. {[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, of the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing. the Road from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry.

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and improving, the Road leading from the Market Place in Crmfori to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Post of Hopton Moor, and for felting out and making tyro new Reads branching, from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to Jfewhaven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby. (a)

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, -of so much -of two Acts, petted in tie eighth and twenty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank, in the County of York. \ [[29th June 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

CAP. lxix.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Tqjy Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset. (a) # [29th Junc 1804.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts passed foi repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to LitUebort, and from Littleport to Checquer Corner io Dew-ham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned j and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in Repair certain other Roads.

[29th June 1804.]

[Fotmer Tolls repealed, and new granted.]

Cc£»

A, D, 1804. 44, GEORGII . III. lxxi — lxxxi. 251

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Thomas Cureton Esquire, to carry into Execution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton Esquire, his Son, for the Sale of an Estate ealled Pradoe, in the County of Salop, and for the Purchase of an Estate called The Hurst, in the same County.

(q* P.)

[29th June 1804 ]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Woodhouse, otherwise Newland cum Woodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[.Allotments are given in lieu of Tithes on Lands inclosed under the A3.2 [29th June 1804.1

Capi\xx iv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long Marion, in the County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Failure called Marton Park, within the said Manor and County, (q. P.)

[29th June 1804.]

[.Allotments are given in lieu of Tithes of Com, Hay, Grain, and all other Produce arising from the Earth within the said Manor and Park.2

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Invemefs towards the Expence of making and

supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Conuniflioners appointed by an Act43 G. 3. c. So. of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

[3d July 1804.]

Cap. lxxvi. p

An Act for amending and repairing several Roads leading from the Guild Hall and Market House in Tavistock 2 G. 3. c. 50. to New Bridge, to Grtflon Bridge, to Downton Gate, to Riccard's House, to Cherry Brook and Dtsnuabridge i* G. 3. c. 10. Pound\ and to Morwetlham and New §>uay, all in the County of Devon. (u) [ 3d July 1804.3 G' 3* 2*

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street within the said City. [roth July 1804.]

[67fl/. 27 G. 3. c. 14. applied in execution of this Act?.]

C. 63. repealed as to Roads under this Act.

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross 31 G. 3. c. S4. th^ River Thames from Staines to Eg bam, in the Counties of M'uldiefex and Surrey. [ 10th July 1804.]

[Commissioners empowered to raise £6000 additional. — Tolls increased.2

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Wood/loci to Roll Right Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the county of flxford. (tf)

[xeth July 1804.]

Former At?s 3 G. 2. c. it. 24 G. 2. c. 21.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods, of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts for Keeping the said Road in Repair, (q. P.) " [xoth July 1804.]

31 G. 2. c. 48. 24 G. 3 ft. 2. c. 6l. repealed. See 43 G. 3. c. 104. of Alts TU't printed.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, Aberdeen, and Invemefs; for building Bridges over the River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads arid Bridges in the said County of Banff. (a)

[10th July 1804.]

[&> n\uch of 39 and 40 G. 3. c. xxxii. as direfis that certain Parishes (though rated in the County of Banff, ) shottld

be comprehended in that Act, repealed. 3

Kk2

Cap.

25*2 C. lxxxii, lxxxni. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Additional Duty

on

9

tvxxiv, §17.

Crimps and Factors .Dial! deliver Copits of Contracts fur Coals when demanded.

Reco?e»7 of Penalties under 29l.

Appeal- to Quarter Sessions.

[Publick Act.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for altering.and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sal* of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Place# therein mentioned.

[14th July 1804.]

u 43 G. 3. c. cxxxiv. recited and extended to this Act."

JI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges and Expences of eft ablishing and holding such Market, and of the Purchase of the faii Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, called The Coal Exchange, and the other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said recited Act mentioned, and of erecting convenient Buildings thereon, and for defraying the Salaries and Allowances of the several Clerks and other Persons employed in the Execution of the fa; d recited Act and this Act, and for dci fraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into Execution, and f6r defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from each and every Mailer of a Ship or other Vessel laden with Coals, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, arriving at her Moorings within any Part of the Port of London at or to the Westward of Gravesend, when the said Market shall be opened and established, the Sum of one Halfpenny per Chaldron (or Ton, in case the same shall be sold by Weight) of Coak, for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel, in addition to the Sum of one Halfpenny which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons are empowered to demand and take or cause to be demanded and taken by virtue of the said recited Act, for every Chaldron or Ton of such Coals: and such additional Duty of one Halfpenny granted by this Act, shall be raised, levied, recovered, paid, and reduced in such and the like Manner as the said Duty of one Halfpenny, granted by the said recited Act, is directed to be raised, levied, recovered, paid, and reduced.

" Bonds given by the City to Corporations, Infants, &c. for Purchase of their Intcrell in the Coal Exchange, u shall be deposited in the Bank till paid off, §3."

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, so as to require any Crimp, Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of Coals, to deliver gratis a' Copy of the Bargain or Contract for the Sale of such Coals by him attested, to the Buyer and Seller thereof, respectively, save and except such Copy shall have been demanded by the Buyer or Seller thereof; and then and in such Case such Crimp, Factor, or other Person having the Disposal of such Coals, shall, and he and (he is and are hereby required to deliver such Copy, gratis, to such Buyer or Seller demanding the same.

" Time for purchasing the Coal Exchange extended to six Months after passing this Act, §5. — 43 G. 3. " $ 66, 70, repealed, §6." -

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by the said recited Act or this Act, or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities of the said recited Act or this Act imposed not exceeding twenty Pounds, shall be sued for within two Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons convicted before any such Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence or Offences again! the said recited Act or this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for being personally present at such General. Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, and for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein, and such Justices in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter, and may either confirm or quash or annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices shall he final, binding, and conclusive.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever.

w, ti, W.3.c. 8. 6 Ann. c. 9.

Pr.

Persons wilfully deflxoying the Works to be vpunished as Felons.

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for explaining and amending two Acts, passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of King William the Third, and the sixth Year of Queen dnnci for making and keeping navigable the River 7W, from Bridge-.water to Taunton in the County m Somerset.

[14th Jub 1804.]

I'll. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Navigation, break, throw down, damage or destroy any Bridge, Bank, Gate, Fence, Towing Path or Lock, or other Work or Works belonging to the said Navigation, or to the said Conservators, every such Person being thereof convicted, shall be deemed a Felon, and shall be subject and liable to such Punishment as Persons convicted for Petty Larceny are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

Cat.

A.D. 1804. 44v GEORGII , III. C. lxxxiv — lxxxviii. - 253

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another Place-of Confinement in the said City.

[20th July 1804.]

[Removal of Prisoners and of ell Offices and Records authorized during the Time the present Poultry Compter shall he repairing or rebuilding; and on the Completion of fitch Repairs, Prisoners, &c.shall he removed lack.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and creAing a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

[20th July 1804.]

Cap. Ixxxvk

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paring the Streets 6 G. 3. c. 4. and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surreyf and for cleaning, lighting, and watching, the fame; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Anuoyanees therein, so far as the same relates to the West Divisien thereof, as therein mentioned.*[20th July 1804.]

Cap. lxxiiviu

An Act for embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in ihe City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Pari (lies or Town ships of Boultham, Skellingthorpe, Saxelby, Broxholmef North Carlton, South Carlton f Burton, and Hathow, in the County of Lincoln; and for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe.

[20th July 1804.]

[ Provisions are contained in this Act for extinguishing all Tithes, Great and Small, and Modufesy and Payments in lieu of Tithes, and for giving in lieu thereof a Corn Rent to le ascertained by the Quarter Session every 21 Years, §19,

&C. The Draining Works are exempted from the Jurisdiction of Commissioners of Sewers, §68. J»LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall at airy*peffbrrt deftly, Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, or destroy or damage any Bank, Tunnel, ing Works Sluice, or any other of the Works which shall be erected and made for the draining and embanking the said guilty of Felony, Fens, Meadows, Commons, and inclosed Low Lands intended to be embanked and drained, or any Part thereof, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be fubicA and liable to the like Paints and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such rerson or Persons shall be tried,

shall and hereby have Power and Authority to punish such Felons in like Manner as other Felons are directd to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for enabling the officiating Minister for the Time being of the Chapel of Voylasy in the County of Denbigh, to publim Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS the Chapel of Voylas9 in the Village of Pnitre Voylasy in the District of Tir Abbots other wife Hiracthogy in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh, and Diocese of Saint Afafhy was erected in or about the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, near a Place where an ancient

Chapel stood, and was consecrated by the then Lord Bishop of Bangor, in tire Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, and is the Place of publick Worship for the Inhabitants of the said DillriA of Tir Abbot,

otherwise Hiracthogy which is about five Miles and an Half in Length, and about four Miles in Breadth, and contains nearly four hundred Inhabitants: And whereas the said Village of Voylas is situated in a mountainous

Country, at the Distance of eighteen Miles, or thereabouts, from th* Town and Parish Church of Llassufyddy by the usual regular Horse Road, and about fifteen Miles by passing direct, over the Mountains, and has very little Communication with the said Town; and the said Chapel of Voylas is served by a perpetual Curate or Chaplain, nominated by the Lord of the Manor of Hbracthog aforesaid, and licensed by the Lord Bishop of Saint Afdph for the Time being, and residing at Voylas aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of Match One thousand tight hundred and five, it shall and may be lawful to and for the officiating Minister for the Time being of the said Chapel of Voylasy to publifti Banns of Matrimony in the said Chapel between Persons residing, or one of them refilling, in the said DillriA of Tir Abbot, otherwise Hiracthogy and to fclemtiize Marriages in the said Chapel according to the Form of Solemnization of Matrimony contacted in the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, and no otherwise, between Persons residing, or one of them residing, in the said DillriA, either in pursuance of such Banns, or by Licence granted by any Person having lawful Authority to grant Licence of Marriage in the Diocese of Saint Afaphy and that a Register shall continue to be kept in the said Chape), for the Purpose of registering such Marriages, according to the Form by Law' required; and that all Marriages, so solemnized in the said Chapel, after the said twenty-fifth Lay of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and duly regift ered, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in a Parish Church or Parochial Chapel wherein Banns had been usually published before or at the Time of passing an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of Clandesttne Marriages-; and that such Register, or a Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the same Manner as Regillers of Marriages solemnized in Churches and publick Chapels, in which Banns were usually published before the passing of the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence. " Publick Act, §2."

Cap.

After March 2 5, 1805, Banns oi Marriage may be published in the Chattel ot 'Vuylas, See.

[ See cap. 77. the Publick General Acts of this Syfion.}

2i C. 3- c. 71.

The Annua! Tyilics of the Parishes within the City of London shall he increased as here (Utfd.

C.lxxxix. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London.

[2Sth July 1804.]

tc Hecital of 22 and 23 G, 2; c. 1$."'

And whereas, since the passing of the said recited Act the Rectory of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Chrjflo*

ph: r hath, by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, been united to the 1 Rectory of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, and there is now but one Incumbent of the said

united Rectories: And w, hereas the said recited Act hath failed in providing a proper Maintenance for the

Parsons, Vicars, and Curates in the said Parishes; inasmuch as the respective Incomes being by the said Act

fixed at very low Rates, the same are, by the decreased Value of Mon*y, the enhanced Price of all the*1 Necessaries oil Life, and by various other Circum fiances peculiarly attached to the Incumbents of the City of i London, become greatly inefficient for the due Support of their Situation and Character; it hath been there-

fore deemed expedient for their Relief to make such Alterations in the said in part recited Act as are herein-

after expressed and contained be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the> Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament' atiembWd, and by the Authority of the same, That instead of the Annual Tythes of all and every Parish and Parishes within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, whole Churches were demolished or in Partcott-fumed by the Fire mentioned in the hud recited Act, the Annual certain Tythes or Sums of Money in lieu of Tythes, of and for the Parish and Parishes within the said City and Liberties herein after enumerated, shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, be as follows; (that is to say, )

Of the Parish of Alhallows Lombard Street, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bartholomew Exchanger two hundred Pounds;

Of Samt Bridget alias Brides, two hundred Pounds;

OiSamtSennet Finite two hundred Pounds;

OF Saint* Michael Crooked Lane, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint D'tonis Back.Church, two hundred Pounds;

Of SaiktDunfkam in the East, three hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint James Garlic kHy they two hundred Pounds;

Of Samt Michael Combill, two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Michael Bqffj/haw, two hundred and twenty Pounds eighteen Shillings and four-pence,

Of Saint Mmry Aldermanbury, two hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Martin Ludgate, two hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence;

Of Saint Peter Cornhillj two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Coleman Street, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Sepulchre, three hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Alhallows Bread Street, and Saint John Evangeliflt two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence 5

Of Alhallows the Great and Alhallows the Less, three hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Albans Wood Street and Saint Olaves Silver Street, two hundred and eighty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Anne and Agnes, and Saint John Zachary, two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Samt Augujlin and Saint Faith, two hundred and eighty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence;

Of Saint Andrew Wardrobe and Saint Anne Blackfriars, two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence 5

Of Samt Antholin and Saint John Baptist, two hundred Pounds 5

Of 'Saint Bermet Grace Churcls and Saint Leonard East Cheap, two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Brunet PauPs Wharf\ and Saint Peter PauPs Wharf, two hundred Pounds;

Of Christ Church and Saint Leonard Foster Lane, three hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and tight-pence;

Of Saint Edmond the King and Saint Nicholas Aeons, three hundred Pounds 5 Of Saint George Botolbh Lane and Saint Botolph Billingsgate, three hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Lawrence Jury and Saint Magdalen Milk Street, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Margaret Lothbury and Saint Christopher, three hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence;

Of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Fish Street, two hundred and eighty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Michael Royal, and Saint Martin Vintry, two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Matthew Friday Street and Saint Peter Cheapo two hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Margaret Pattons and Saint Gabriel Fen Church, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary at Hill and Saint Andrew Hubbardy three hundred and thirty-three Pounds fix Shilling's and eight-pence;

Of Saint Mary Woolnoth and Saint Mary Woolchurch, two hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pchce;

-Of

A.D. 1804.

4+° GEORGII III.

_ , », C. lxxxix. 255

Of Saint Clement E aft cheap and Saint Martin Orgas, two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Mary Abchurch and S tint Lawrence Pountney, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Aljermary and Saint Thomas A pc flies, two hundred and fifty Pounds- t r

Of Saint Mary le Bow, Saint Pancras Scper Lane, and A I hallows Honey LanCy three'hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence;

Of Saint Mildred Poultry and Saint Mary Colechurch, two hundred and eighty-three Pounds six Shillings and Eight-pence;

Of Saint Michael IVeod Street and Saint Mary Stainhg, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mildred Bread Street and Saint Margaret Mofcs, two hundred and sixteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence;

Of Saint Michael Quernhithe and Trinity, two hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence;

Of Saint Magdalen Old Ftjh Street and Saint Gregory, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Somerfef and Saint Mary Mounthaw, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Nicholas Coleabby and Saint Nicholas Olaves, two hundred and sixteen Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence;

Ot Saint Olave Jewry and Saint Martin Ironmonger Lane, two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Wafbrooi and Saint B enact Sheer bog, two hundred- Pounds-;

Of Saint Swithin and Saint Mary Bothaw, two hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-p?nce; ', j "

Of Saint Vedast alias Fojlers and Saint Michael Owern, two hundred and sixty-six Pounds thirteen Shillings and four-pence.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Sums of Money to be paid in Ken of Tythes within the said respective Parishes, shall be and continue to be esteemed, deemed, and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be the respective certain Annual Maintenance foyer and above Glebes and Perquisites, Gifts and Bequcfts, to the respective Parson, Vicar, and Curate of any Parish for the Tinte being, or to his or their respective Successors, or to other Persons for his or their Use) of the said respective Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, legally instituted, induced, and admitted into the respective Parishes aforesaid.

41 Power to ma)c< Assessnfcnts 00 Howfes and other Buildings, before aiil August 1804, by the Aldermen and u Common Council, and Churchwardens in such Ward, $3. — Appeal to the Lord Mayor and Court of Alder- men against Assessments, §4- — Assessments may be altered every fpvcn , : ,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors within fourteen Days after any Assessment Audi have been made, and the respective Appeals (if any be) determined* shall make four Tnrascripts thereofu Writing containing the respective Sums to be payable or appointed to.be paid outaf all and every the Pceaufes aiTdlable within such respective Parish, and subscribe the same with their respective Names, and that within twenty Days after such Subscription as aforesaid; one of the said Transcripts shall be sent to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, and deposited in the Town Clerk's Office of the said City, and there kept and preferred among the Records of the said City, for a perpetual Memorial thereof; another of the said Transcripts shall be deposited in the Regifiry of the Consistory Court of the Lord Bishop of London, to be kept and preserved as aforesaid; another of the said Transcripts mall remain and be kept in the Vestry of such respective rarish, for a perpetual Memorial as before mentioned; and the remaining Transcript shall be delivered within three Days after such Subscription to the Incumbent of such respective Parish, and the said Assessments shall continue in force and be acted upon until any new AiTeffinent shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

The said Sums shall be payable by quarterly Payments, on 25th December, ajth March, 24th June, and 44 29th September every Year, §7."

VIII. And whereas in certain of the Parishes herein-before named there are Impropriations; and the Impropriators were, as herein before is mentioned by the said recited Act, directed to pay and allow what really and bondJide they had used and ought to have paid and satisfied to the respective Incumbents of the said Parishes before the said Fire, which said Payments were to be esteemed and computed as Part of the Maintenance of such Incumbentsbe it therefore further enacted, That in the Parishes of Saint Bridget otherwise Saint Bride's, Saint Bennet Finch, Saint Mary Aldermanbury, Saint Stephen Coleman Street, Alb allows the Less, Chrjft Church, Saint Lawrence Jewry, Saint Lawrence Pountney, and Saint Mary Cole Church, the Impropriators shall continue to allow and pay to the respective Incumbents of the same Parishes what they have been accustomed to allow and pay before and since the passing of the said recited Act of the twenty-fecund and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, which said Sums shall be paid to the Incumbents of the same respective Parishes, in Part of the respective Sums herein-before appointed to be the certain Annual Maintenance of the same respective Incumbents.

IX. And whereas two-third Parts of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre are veiled in*Troftees, in Trust for the Parishioners of that Parish; and the Vicar of the said Parish is endowed with the remaining third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Vicar shall, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousar.i eight hundred and four, receive the full Sum directed by this Act to be paid him for his Maintenance, in lieu of the third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes to which by virtue of his Endowment he is entitled, from the several Inhabitants, of or from or out of, or for, or in respect of the several Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments situated within that P§rt of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre which lies within the Liberties of the City of London, but exclusive of and over and above the third Part of thd Tythes to which he is entitled, from the Inhabitants, of or from or out of, or

for

Declaring the said butui oi*Money to I e ihe Annual Maintenance of the Clerg) of the City.

FburTrtwferiptt fhaffb* mafde, and ddpofite# m-ith the Tovn Clerk, (he Bishop of London, and the several Vestrie* and Incumbent*.

Impropriators shall continue to pay what they have been accustumed to pay.

The Vicar of Saint Sepulchre's shall receive the full Sum directed by this Act. instead of one-third Part of the Impropriate Tythef.

Covers of the said Act of 22 and 23 C. 2. and the Po« er* of thin Alt, vested in the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, or on their Failure in two Barons of the Exchequer.

No Eccfefuftica] Court, Sec. ftxalT hold Plea of or for any Monies payable under this Act.

C.lxxxix. 44° GEORGII III. A.D. 1804.

for or in respect of the fever^l Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments situate within that Part of the said Parish which lies within the County of Middlesex; and that, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of Sct>- tember One thousand eight hundred and four, the said third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes, due from tre Inhabitants of or from, or out of or in respect of the several Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments situate within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre which lies within the said Liberties of the City of London, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

" For continuing certain Compensations out of the City Chamber, in lieu of Houfts'taken down, See. §10. — u Money shall be recovered (incase of Refusal of Payment) by Warrant of a Magistrate, $*u. — IT the Sums u assessed shall be paid in Manner after mentioned {See §13.), they shall not be raised as before directed, §12. — u Churchwardens, &c. may make Yearly Assessments with Appeal to Court of Aldermen, §13, I4.^-Sum3 assessed by the Churchwardens, &c. may be levied by Warrant of a Magistrate, §15. — If the Monies to be 11 assessed by the last mentioned Means shall be unpaid for thirty Days after any Quarterly Day of Payment, " the same shall be raised in the same Manner as the first Assessment, §16. — Quakers exempted from being €t Collectors under this Act, §17."

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Powers, and Authorities in and by the said recited Act of the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of King Charles the Second, given to and vested in the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, shall be and the same are hereby from henceforth given to and vested in the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the Time being, for and in respect of all and Angular the Matters and Things in this A A contained, or by this Act enacted, lo far as the Case is or shall be applicable; and that in case the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall refuse or neglect \o execute any of the respective Powers to them by this Act granted* or to perform all and every such Things relating either to the assessing or levying of the reljpcdive Sums aforesaid, as they are by this Act authorised and required to perform, either expressly or by Reference, that then it shall be lawful for any two or more of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and S?als, to do and perform what the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, might or ought to have done, and by such Warrant either to empower any Person or Persons to make the respective Assessments as aforesaid, or to authorize the respective Officers or Persons appointed to collet such Assessments, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons that shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, in Manner and Form aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, That no Court or Judge Ecclesiastical or Temporal, shall hold Plea of or for any the Sum or Sums of Money due or owing or to be paid by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, other than the Persons hereby authorized to have Cognizance thereof; nor shall it be lawful for any Parson, Vicar, Curate* or Incumbent, to convent or sue any Person or Persons assessed as aforesaid, and refuting or neglecting to pay the feme, in any Court or Courts, or before any Judge or Judges, other than what are authorized and appointed by this Act for the hearing and determining the feme in Manner aforesaid.

" Publick Act, §20."

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis,

Quadragesimo quinto.

AT the Parliament begrln and holden at Westminster, the sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini

/A i8c2, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the 4^ Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith;

and from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the fifteenth Day of January 1805; being the

third Session of the second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing*and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[7th February 1805.]

[In all respects (except the Dates) this Act isJimilar to 44 G. 3. c. 16. — As to Ireland, fee cap. 22. of this ScJJioay]

CAP. II.

An Act For continuing + and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[7th February 1805.]

XXIII. And whereas by the said Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein fated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land lax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand frven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on Sugar, by Three Acts of the twenty-seventh, thirty-fourth, and thirty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should continue in Force until the twenty-fifth Day of March A One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the same should be specially continued by Parliament 5 which said several Duties have, by an Act made and passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftons, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, been further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred; and which by several subsequent Acts were further continued until the twentyfifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Fortythird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grain other Duties in lieu thereof, the said several Duties on Sugar were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar in lieu thereof: And whereas by another Act, passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas the said

Duties granted by the said last recited Act* were continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred rod four: And whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, together with the said Duties relating toLicences and Tobacco, were, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five;

45 Geo. III. LI Be

until June4* 1806.

f until March 25, 1806.

Recital that certain Duties oil Sugar, granted by 27G. 3. C. 13. 34G. 3 c. 4. and 37 G 3. c. 15; on Malt by 27 G. 3. c. 13.; and Duties of Excise an Tobacco and Snuff, by 29 G. 3. c. 68; were, by 38 G. 3. c. 6o, to cease on March 2 5, 17991 but were continued by 39 G. 3 c. 3, and several subsequent A<fls; and that by 43 G. 3. c 68 and 69, other Duties were granted in lieu of the said Du: ici; which l, 44 G. 3. c. 17. were continued till March 15, 1805.

258

The said Duties are hereby further continued till March 25, 1806.

44G. 3. c. 10S.

Gaolers shall make Lids in Addition to those under recited Act, of Prisoners having 6cen in Custody of any Gaoler on Jan. i, 1804.

O-tth to be taken when such Lids axe delivered.

Oath.

C. 2 — 4. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Be it further enacted, That the said several Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued, from and after the Expiration of the Time limited as. aforesaid, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six; and all Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and dillinft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

" [_In all other respects (except the Dates) this Act is Jtmilar to 44 G. 3. c. 17.

CAP. III.

An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Inf divert Debtors.

[7 th February 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act, pafedin ihe laflr Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain 1* Insolvent Del tors f did not contain Provisions adequate to the Relief of all the Persons to whom it was meant to extend, by reason that several Prisoners who were in Custody on the fii ft Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and had continued in Custody from that Time to the Time of the passing

of the said Act, and also until and at the Time of the making out of the Lifts, by the said Act directed to

be made, during the Time of such their Imprisonment, had been removed by Writ of Habeas Corpus, or by '

other Means, from one Prison to another, after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and before the making out of such Lifts; and also because the Form of the Lifts by that Act required to.be made-and delivered by the several Gaolers or Keepers of Prisons within this Kingdom, and the Form of the Oath by them severally in and by the same Act required to be taken, do not" comprehend and apply to the Case of Prisoners-so removed as herein-before mentioned : For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of the Act, all and every Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of any Prison within this Kingdom, shall be, and are hereby required, in Addition to the Lift in and by the said Act directed to be made, to make a true, exact, and perfect Lift, alphabetically, of the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons who having be, en, upon the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, a Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of some Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers 01 some Prison in this Kingdom, shall have fmee continued to be a Prisoner or Prisoners in actual Custody, and at the Time of making out every such Lift so hereby required shall be really an actual Prisoner or Prisoners in the Custody of the Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of the Prison, making and delivering such Lift 5 which Lift, when made, shall be delivered and dealt with in like Manner, and be effectual for the like Purpose as in and by the said Act is directed in respect to the Lifts therein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of His Majesty^ Prison of the Fleet and Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and every other Gaoler and Gaolers, Keeper and Keepers of any other Prison within this Kingdom, shall, severally, on the delivering in of any such List of Prisoners as herein-above required, take an Oath in the open Court of General Quarter Session of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, to the following Effect; that is to say,

4 J A B. upon my corporal Oath, in the Presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and de- clare, That all and every Person and Persons whose Name or Names is or are inserted and contained in the Lift, by me now delivered in and Lbscribed, now are really and truly Prisoners in my actual Custody,

4 in the Prison of and have, to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief, continually so been

ever since the respective Days and Times of their being committed to my Custody, in such Lift mentioned;

and that it appears by the several Returns and Affidavits of the several Gaoler or Gaolers, Keeper or Keepers of Prdon in whose Custody the said several Persons have been previous to their being committed to my Custody, and which several Returns and Affidavits are true to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, that they were really and truly Prisoners in actual Custody on the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, and have ever afterwards continued so to be until and at the respective 'Days and Times of«their being committed to my Custody, as in such Lift are mentioned. So help me GOD.

Which said Oath, and the Words thereof. Lifts, and Cop es of Lifts, shall be entered, kept, and dealt with, in Manner in the said Act directed respecting the Oath, Lifts, and Copies of Lifts, therein mentioned.

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act, §3. Indemnity for the Discharge of Prisoners under recited Act, in Cases similar to those provided for by this Act, §4."

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue, until six Weeks arter the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as lie or they shall suspect for coufpiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

[22d February 1805.] [ The Ad 44 G. 3. c. 8. recited, and the several Provisions therein reloaded*]

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 5 — 8.

259

CAP. V.

An Act for explaining and amending «n Act made in the forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the Power of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts. [and February 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for confoTidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating, to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, the Commissioners appointed to carry into Execution the said Act, and other Acts to be executed under the Regulations thereof, are required to possess certain Qualifications therein mentioned, and to be resident in the Dif-

trift for which they aft; and it is expedient to remove the said Restrictions in the Cases herein mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall not be construed to restrain any Bencher of any of the Inns of Court from acting as such Commissioner for such Inn of Court, and the Inns belonging thereto, whether of Law or Equity; nor any of the Officers who, by virtue of their Offices, have heretofore acted in the Execution of the Land Tax Act, from acting as such Commissioner in the Libert y of the Palaces of Whitehall and Saint James's; and no other Qualification shall be required of any such Bencher or Officer aforesaid, than the Possession of such Places or Offices respectively, and who re-focftively shall and may aft therein, although they shall not be resident within the District for which they shall act.

II. And be it further enacted, That Persons residing in either of the Parishes of Saint Clements Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, or Saint John the Baptist, in the Liberty of the Savoy, Parts thereof being situate in the County of Middlesex and other Parts in the City and Liberty of Westminster, being specially named and appointed Commissioners for the said County of Middlesex, or for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and being duly qualified as directed by the said first mentioned Act, may act as such Commissioners for any or all of the Divisions or Districts within the said Parishes, or any of them; any Thing in the said first mentioned Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person hereby authorized to act as a Commissioner for the Districts before named, shall be liable to any Penalty inflicted by the said first mentioned Act, for having acted in the Execution thereof in the Manner in this Act directed; nor shall any Act by them done, according to the Regulations of this Act, in the several Inns of Court and the Liberty of the Palaces aforesaid, be impeached for or on Account of the Want of such Qualification as is required by the said Act, nor in any of the Districts mentioned in this Act, for or on Account of the Non-residence in the Districts for which they aft.

43 G. j. t 4 — 7-

c. 99.

Benchers may act as Commissioners for the Inns of Court; and Officers acting in the Execution of the Land Tax may act as Commissioners for Whitehall and St. Jame *.

Persons residing in certain Parishes may act as Commissioners for Middlesex or Westminster for any Di-vilion within such Parishes. Indemnity for. having acted in Manner directed by this Act.

CAP. VI.

Ao AS to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for [See hGc*. 3. Offices and Employments , and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, c. 7'an<i until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five, and to permit such there.}

Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and five.

[22d February 1805.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[22d February 1805.]

u Treasury authorised to raise 3, 000, 000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act, c. 1. of this Sef-" fion: §1, 2. Interest 3 \d. per Centum per Diem, §3. Exchequer Bills so issued shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before January c. 1806, §4. Charged on the first fix Instalments of any Loan under any Act of this Session, §5. Bank 01 England authorized to advance the said Sum, §6."

CAP. VIII.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional*P-99.

Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty- °/ihli SeM, c>n-i second Years of His present Majesty. [ill March 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4 V /is for raising the Sum of eighteen Millions by way of Annuities: And whereas an Act passed in 37 G. 3. c.

the forty-fee and Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy 42 G. 3. c. 8.

certain Exchequer Bills, whereby certain Annuities were created, at and after the Rate of five Pounds per

*Centum per and were made Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities created by the said

first recited Act: And whereas it was by the said first recited Act enacted, that, after two Years from the

End of the then present War, and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, at any Peripd of six Months, ending 011 the fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of October in any Year, it should and

L 1 2 4 mi^ht

26o

C. 8.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 180S'"

might be lawful for any Contributor, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to make Application to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to have the said Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other Annuities*

4 as therein after is mentioned, at his, her, or their Election; and that after six Months previous Notice of such his, her, or their Intention, the said Annuities should be redeemed and paid off, or converted into such Annuities accordingly: And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled did, on the eighth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, resolve that the Sum of eighteen Millions be raised by Annuities; and did also resolve that every Contributor to the said Sum of eighteen Millions should,

' for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal Sum of One hundred and twelve Pounds Ten Shillings in Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to be irredeemable, unless with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, until the Expiration of three Years from the Period at which the existing Annuities, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, should be redeemed and paid off, or the Interest payable thereon reduced; that every Proprietor of the said Annuities should, at his Desire, on three Month* Notice, be entitled at any Period of Time, not less than two Years after the End of the present War and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, to .have the said Annuities redeemed, either by the Payment of One hundred Pounds For every' One hundred Pounds of such Annuities,

or of One hundred and thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight-pence Capital in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, at the Option of such Proprietor: And whereas an Act, passed in the last

44 G. 3. c. 99. < Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by

Two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty second Tears of His present Majesty: And whereas certain of the Proprietors of Stock, created by the said two first recited Acts, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said last recited Act, taken Annuities granted by the said Act for such Stock: And whereas certain of the other Proprietors of such Stock, to the Amount of four Millions four hundred and forty-eight thousand eight hundred and seventeen Pounds four Shillings and Sixpence Capital Stock, did, on or before the tenth

Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their Election to have the same paid off in Money on the fifth Day of April next: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for redeeming and paying off the said Annuities by converting the lame into other Annuities at the Option of such Proprietors on certain Terms: ' May it therefore please

1 Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* 1>eifon* possessed and by the Authority of the same, That all Person* and Bodies Politick and Corporate, possessed of any Cap.- of Stock in the tal Stock in the Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted by the said recited

P«r Cent. An- of the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years aforesaid, who did, on or before the tenth Day of October

by the fecited One t^ou^and eight hundred and four, signify to the (governor and Company of the Bank of England their Aa* 37 and 42 Election to have the same paid off in Money on the fifth Day of April next, and who shall, by themselves or G. 3. and having any Agents duly authorized, further signify to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on signified their or before the eleventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, their Desire to take the Benefit of the Terms contained in this Act, shall, from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, be entitled to receive, for every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Sto k, and in lieu thereof, so much Capital Stock either in the Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, created by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving-tnercon One Half Year's Dividend on the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, or so much fire of taking the Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as shall be equal Benefit of this in Value to One hundred Pounds Sterling, together with such further Sum in the said last mentioned Capital Act, shall be er- Stock as shall be equal in Value to ten Shillings Sterling on every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock rifled to ccrraui jn Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Interest whereon to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five; or to have any Proportion thereof in such Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, or of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, as shall be specified by any such Persons or Bodies Politick or Corporate respectively, at the Time of signifying such Desire to take the Benefit of the Terms of this Act as aforesaid; the Value of such several Annuities to be computed and taken on the Average Price of such Annuities respectively, on the last ten Days previous to the twenty-sixth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, on which any Transfer shall have been made in the said last mentioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of England, after making a Deduction of the Amount of the Dividend due or accruing thereon; such Average as aforesaid to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Case any Persons or Bodies Politick or Corporate possessed of any such

declining to take Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, and who shall have signified such Election as aforesaid, shall not, on or before the Benefit of the said eleventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, by themselves or any Agents duly autho-

tl«is Act, the rized, further signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their Desire to take the Benefit of

ra^e Money to Terms contained in this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, dr pay of! the An- anyhree or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, nuirics on April to contribute such Sums as shall be necessary to pay the same off on the fifth Day of April One thousand eight

1^05* hundred and five, and to give for every one hundred Pounds in Money to* be paid by such Person or Persons,

Bodies Politick or Corporate, on or before the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, at the Bank of England, such Amount of Capital Stock, either in Annuities after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum

per Annum, or of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, or any Proportion of either of such Annuities, upon

such and the like Terms and Conditions, and with such Benefits as are by this Act given to any Persons entitled to take the Benefit of this Act as aforesaid.

Th*

Election to be paid off under she Act 44 G. 3 on signifying to the B*nk, before Match 1 r,

Annuities as herein mentioned.

But on Person*

A'.D. s8o5» 45e GEORGII III. C. 8 — io. 261

" The $ptr Cent- Annuities granted under this Act shall be added to the joint Stock ofr Spir Cents, $ 3- — The 44 3 fer Cent. Reduced Annuities so granted shall be added to the joint Stock of 3 per Cent. Reduced, §4. —

Annuities shall be paid Half Yearly, § — Out of the Consolidated Fund, (ubje& to Redemption, § o % —

Bank shall appoint a Caftiier and Accountant, §7. — Accountant General shall inspect Receipts and Payments* of the Caftiier, §8. — Stocks declared transferable, §9. — Annuities deemed Personal Estate, §10. — Bank shall

continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, §11. — Treasury may reward the Bank for their Service

in the Execution of this Act, §12. — General Issue. Treble Costs* §13."

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fiftiery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season. [id March 1805.]

WHEREAS it may be difficult, in the present Circumstances, for the Mailers or Owners of Ships employed in the Fiftiery carried on in tile Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights, by virtue of certain Adfc

for granting Bounties for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and for making Regulations'

respecting the fame, to be provided with their full Complement of Men at the Ports from which such Shi pa are."

fitted and cleared out for the said Fiftiery &c. [as 43 G. 3. c. 32, verbatim.].

Lazaret on Chctney Hill.

CAP. X.

An Act for making further Provision for the effectual Performance of Quarantine. v

' [i 2th March, 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years af the Reign of his present Ma- Recital of 39 k 4 jesty, intituled, An Act for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney HiH, in the County of Kent, and for reducing 4° G- 3- c. 80.

into one Ad the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further Provisions therein, and by other Acts all- [or rre^'ng a

tecedent thereto, Provision was made as well for purchasing Lands for erecting a Lazaret as for defraying the

Expences of budding the fame, and for maintaining a pioper Establishment of Officers necessary for enforcing a 4 due Performance of Quarantine; in pursuance of which, Lands were purchased at Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, and Progress was made in the Erection of a Lazaret there; but the Funds granted by the said Act v

4 of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty having been found insufficient for completing the fame, and for the Payment of competent Salaries to the Officers who wfere to have the Charge thereof, and

other necessary Expences attendant on the Quarantine Service, according to the Plan which had been approved Grant for the*

4 of and"directed by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, a further Sum was granted by f»me. [See an Act of the last Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made fora due 44 3*

Application of the same; 9 be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad- c* , a 4 vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and 30, 000*J by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury shall Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, from and after the give Directions* Commencement of this Act, to give Directions for completing the said Lazaret, upon the said Lands so pur- for completing chafed on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, with alt necessary and convenient Accommodations, for the the lazaret, an# Purpose of performing Quarantine, according to the Plan which has been approved of and directed by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council; or to such other Plan as his Majesty, by and with the Advice

of his Privy Council, may from Time to Time approve and direct; and for defraying the Expences attending the fame, to cause any Part of the Money so granted to be issued when it shall be necessary for the said Service and the said Lazaret, when completed, and all the Buildings and Accommodations thereto belonging, shall be under the Management, Order, and Direction of such Officers as shall be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, for keeping the same fit and ready For the Reception of Persons and Goods, and for their due Performance of Quarantine; and such Officers respectively shall have such Salaries as shall from Time to Time be appointed by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council; and the Salaries of the said Officers, and all contingent Expences

shall be defrayed out of the Funds, and in the Manner in which the Charges and Expences of- performing Quarantine are at present defrayed, until such Time as a Revenue shall be raised sufficient for those Purposes, in the Manner herein after mentioned,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until the said Lazaret shall be in a State fit and proper to be Floating

used, it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to provide one or more Lazaretrmay fcV Fioating Lazarets, which shall be used for all the Purposes for which the said Lazaret is intended by this Act; piovlncd until and all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions in this Act contained, shall be deemed and taken, for all Intents the Laz .rctOull and Purposes, to be applicable to such Floating Lazaret or Lazarets, until the Lazaret on Shore shall, by his Ma- complete jesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, and by Order of the fame, notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, have been declared to be fit for t)ic due Performance of Quarantine therein.

III. And Whereas it is reasonable that the Owners of Ships, Vessels, and Cargoes, which in future shall have 0crtajD nutict>

to perform Quarantine, should defray the Charge incurred thereby; be it further enacted, That there shall be atatjc payable raised, levied, collected, and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties by Owneri of* of Customs herein after mentioned; that is to say, WlTcl*

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel, which Ship or VelTe!, or the Cargo of which or any Part Q^rm, .n* whereof shall have performed; Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of Guern tyf*

Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and which shall have arrived from any Part of Turley, or from any Port Duci«. or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean Bill of Health, seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, which shall have so arrived without a clean Bill of Health, fifteen shillings* Eon

262

C.

10.

4$° GEORGII in.

A.D. 1805.

[S«§ o]

Dutits shall be recovered at Duties of Customs. Exemptions from Duties.

Duties may be reduced, and -afterwards increased.

Ships shall not be permitted to clear inwards until the Duties are paid. Tonnage shall be computed as under 26 G. 3. c. 60.

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship Or Vessel, which Ship or VeflW, or the Cargo of which or any Part whereof shall have performed Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great Britainr or the 1 (lands aforesaid, and which shall have arrived from any Port or Place whatever, (except from any Part of Turkey, or from any Port or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Bariary on the Atlantic Ocean) wita a clean Bill of Health, three Shillings:

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived without a clean Bill of Health, ten Shillings:

For every Ton Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel arriving in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, with a Cargo which in Whole or in Part shall consist of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the + Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Turkey or of any Port or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, and which Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo of which or any Part whereof shall have performed Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, and which shall have arrived from any Port or Place whatever, seven Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived under such Circumstances as shall in-duce his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, or the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any three or more of them, under the Authority herein after given, to subject such Ship or Vessel to the like Quarantine as Ships arriving from Turkey with clean Bills of Health, seven Shillings and Sixpence: For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel which shall have so arrived under such Circumstances as shall induce his Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid, or the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any three or more of them as aforesaid, to subject such Ship or Vessel to the like Quarantine as Ships arriving from Turkey without clean Bills of Health, fifteen Shillings:

For every Ton burthen of every Ship or Vessel, which Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo of which or of any Part whereof shall hive performed Quarantine in any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, and which Ship or Vessel shall enter Inwards in the Port of London, an additional Duty of one Shilling:

All which several and respective Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, and shall be sued for, recovered, and accounted for in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Duties of Customs are now subject to by Law, as far as the lame are applicable thereto: Provided always, That no Ship or Vessel of War, ot Transport or other Ship or Vessel employed in the Service of his Majesty's Government, nor any Ship or Vessel which shall not be bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands cf Guernfes, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and which shall have really put into any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, in Distress; nor any Ship or Vessel which shall have been obliged to perform Quarantine only by Reason of having certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on board, and not producing the proper Declaration or Document as to their Growth, Produce, or Manufacture; nor any Ship or Vessel arriving m any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, with a clean Bill of Health, from any Port or place whatever, except from any Part of Turkey, or from any Port or Place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the West Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, in Ballast, or whose Cargo shall consist wholly of Salt; nor any Ship or Vessel which shall, together with its Cargo, have duly performed Quarantine in the Lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, Mejftna, Leghorn, or one of them, and shall fail from thence, and arrive at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, with proper Documents and Vouchers attesting the fame, to the Satisfaction of his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, or of his or their Privy Council, shall be liable to or charged with any Duty, under this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after making good (in the Manner herein after mentioned) to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, of the Sums of sixty-five thousand Popnds, granted by the Act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, and of thirty thousand Pounds, granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, or of so much thereof as shall be found necessary to issue For the Services aforesaid, it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, that the Duties hereby granted are more than sufficient to defray the Charges and Expences already incurred, and also such further Expences as may be necessary for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners for the Time being, from Time to Time, by any Warrant or Warrants under the Hands of the said Lord High Treasurer, or of the said Lords Commissioners for the Time being, or of any three or more of the said Lords Commissioners, to order and direct, that the Duties hereby granted shall be reduced in such Proportion and Manner as they shall think proper, and also by like Warrant or Warrants (in case the said necessary Expences shall afterwards require an Increase of the said Duties) to order and direct that the same shall be again raised and increased to any Amount not exceeding the Sums which have been before granted by Parliament as aforesaid 5 and such Warrant or Warrants shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs, for raising, levying, collecting, and recovering the several and respective Duties specified and contained in such Warrant or Warrants; any Law or U(age to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, upon which the Tonnage Duty by this Act imposed shall be due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, strfty* Alderney, Sark, or Man, unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been first duly paid to the proper Officers of the Customs appointed to receive the same, or the Commissioners of the Customs shall otherwise direct; and that the Tonnage of every Ship or Vessel shall be computed and taken, for the Purpose of ascertaining the said Duties, according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and in case of any Dispute or Doubt relative thereto, the same shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed in the said last mentioned Act.

A.D. 1805.

45*- GEORGII III.

C. TO.

263

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, in respect of which any of the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been paid, to demand and recover from the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of any Goods or Merchandize brought or imported in any such Ship or Vessel, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be equal to the just and reasonable Contribution which the Proportion of Tonnage that such Goods and Merchandize bear to the Tonnage Burthen of the Ship shall require, and no more; such Proportion of Tonnage to be ascertained according to the Usage of Merchants in like Cases,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising from the Duties hereby granted shall be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties and paid info-the said Receipt shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money so raised, levied, collected, and paid, shall be applied in the first place to defray the annual Expencea of the said Floating Lazaret, and Land Lazaret, and all other annual Expences which shall be incurred in the Execution of this Act 5 and in the next place to make good any Money that shall have been issued for purchasing the Lands on Chetney Hilly and for the erecting of the said Lazaret, and for providing the necessary and convenient Accommodations thereto belonging, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that the said herein-before recited Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth

Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and every other Act or Acts heretofore parted concerning Qua- rantine, together with such further Provisions as are fouqd to be necessary to be made in respect thereof, should be reduced into one Act be it therefore enacted, That the said Act so passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his said present Majesty, as aforesaid, be repealed; and that every other Act or Acts heretofore parted, in so far as the same do or may be deemed or construed to relate to the Performance of Quarantine, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except so much of the said Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to the Repeal of former Acts, and to the Payment and recovering of any Duties imposed by the said Act, which shall be due and unpaid at the Time of parting this Act, and also save and except as to any Offence or Offences done or committed before the passing of this Act, by any Person or Persona, against any Law concerning Quarantine; and as to any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, or Pumfhmentss to which any such Person or Persons may be liable by reason of the fame; and also as to any Action, Suit, Prosecution, or other Proceeding brought or commenced, or which shall hereafter be brought or commenced, for or on account of any such Offence or Offences so done or committed as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, as well his Majesty's Ships of War as all others, coming from or having touched at any Place from whence his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall have adjudged and declared it probable that the Plague, or any other infectious Diseaseor Distemper, highly dangerous to the Health of his Majesty's Subjects, may be brought; and all Ships, Vessels, and Boats receiving any Person, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters, or any other Articles whatever, from or out of any Ships or Vessels so coming from or having touched at such infefted Place as aforesaid, whether such Persons, Goods, Wares arid Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters, or other Articles, shall have come or been brought in such Ships or Vessels, or such Persons shall have gone, or Articles have been put on board the fame, either before or after the Arrival of such Ships or Vessels at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, and whether such Ships or Vessels were or were not bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid; and all Persons, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters, or any other Articles whatever, on board of any such Ships or Vessels so coming from or having touched at such infefted Place as aforesaid, or on board of any such Receiving Ships, Vessels, or Boats as aforesaid, shall be and be considered to be liable to Quarantine within the Meaning of this Act, and of any Order or Orders which shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection from the Time of the Departure of such Ships or Vessels from such infefted Place as aforesaid, or from the Time when such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing Apparel, Books, Letters, or other Articles shall have been received on board respectively; and all such Ships, Vessels, and Boats as aforesaid, and all Persons, (as well Pilots as others). Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, whether coming or brought in such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, from such infefted Place as aforesaid, or going, or being put on board the fame, either before or after the Arrival of such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid; and all Persons, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, on board any such Receiving Ship, Vessel, or Boat, as aforesaid, shall, upon their Arrival at any such Port or Place, be obliged to perform Quarantine in such Place or Places, for such Time and in such Manner as shall from Time to Time be directed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by his or their Order or Orders in Council, notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette; and that until such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, Persons, Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and other Articles as aforesaid, shall have respectively performed and shall be duly discharged from such Quarantine, no such Person, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Articles as aforesaid, or any of them, shall, either before or after the Arrival of such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, at any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, come or be brought on Shore, or go and be put on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to come or be brought on Shore, in any such Port or Place, although such

7+ Ships

Ship Owner! shall recover Duties of the Importers.

Duties shall he c tr ied to Con-foiidatt'd Fund of Grc.it Britain.

Duties shall be applied so Expences of the L uarct.

Repeal of 39 Si 40 G. 3. c. 80. and oil other A6\$ lel.iting ro Quarantine, except as to Arrears of Duty, Sec,

What Sl ips, Sec. fh; tll be luhlc to Quarantine.

264 C. io. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Ships or Vessels so coming from such-infected Place as aforesaid may hot be bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, unless in such Manner and in such Cases, and by such Licence as shall be directed or permitted by such Order or Orders made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid; and all such Sjiips, Vessels, and Boats, whether coming from such infected Place as aforesaid, or being otherwise liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, and all Persons, {as well Pilots as others), Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and -oth^r Articles as aforesaid, whether coming or brought in such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, or going or being put on board the fame, either before or after the Arrival of such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, at any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, and although such Ships, Vessels, or Boa's, shall not be bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid, and all Commanders, Masters, or other Persons having the Charge or Command of any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, whether coming from any infected Place, or being otherwise liable to Quarantine, as aforesaid, shall be subject to all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions contained in this Act, or in any Order or Orders which shall be made by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Council as aforesaid, concerning Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection; and to all the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, contained in this Act, for any Breach or Disobedience thereof, or of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, made under the Authority thereof.

Any Goods or XI. i And whereas certain Borts of Goods and Merchandize are more especially liable to retain Infection, Ship* specifisd x an(j be brought from Places infected into other Countries, and from thence imported into Great Britain, .Council, or t^le ^an^8 aforesaid; be it enacted, That all such Goods and Merchandize as shall be particularly specified

be made [ultjcd for that Purpose in any Order or Orders made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Council, concerning to Quarantine. Quarantine and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, which shall be brought or imported into any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, from any foreign Country or Place, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, and the Ships or Vessels in which the same shall be brought, and also all Ships and Vessels which shall arrive from any Port or Place whatever under any alarming or suspicious Circumstances as to Infection, shall be subject and liable to such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be made by such Order or Orders of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in Council as aforesaid, respecting the same The Privy

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords and others of His Majesty's

Council may Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, to make such Order as they shall see necessary and expedient anake such Or- upon any unforeseen Emergency, or in any particular Case or Cases with relped to any Ship or Ships, Vessel think neccfax* or living and having any infectious Disease or Distemper on b^ard, or on board of which any infectious

Aipon Emergent l^fcafe or Distemper may have appeared in the Course of the Voyage, or arriving under any other alarming eies, respecting or suspicious Circumstances as to Infection, although such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, shall not Ships or Goods; have come from any Place or Places from which his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, may have adjudged and declared it probable that the Plague, or any such infectious Disease or Distemper maybe brought, and also with respect to the Persons, Goods, Wares, amd in case i f and Merchandize, and other Articles as aforesaid, on board the same; and in case of any infectious Disease infectious Dif- or Distemper appearing or breaking out in Great Britain or the Islands aforesaid, to make such Orders, arid case appealing in give such Directions, in order to cut off all Communication between any Persons infected with any such Disease .Great Britain; or Distemper and the rest of his Majesty's Subjects, as shall appear to the said Lords or others of his Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, to be necessary and expedient for that Purpose; and likewise and for mitigat- make such Orders as they shall see (it for shortening the Time of Quarantine to be performed by particular 4ng Quarantine. Ships or Vessels, or particular Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or any other Articles, or for wholly releasing particular Ships or Vessels, or particular Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles from Quarantine, absolutely or conditionally; and generally to mitigate the Arid Performance of Quarantine in particular Cases, as special Circumstances shall appear, in their Judgement, to require; and all such Orders so made by the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid,

and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, (as well with respect to the Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, and all other Persons on board the fame, as with respect to any other Persons having any Intercourse or Communication with them, and to the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, to which they may respectively become liable), as any Order or Orders made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, and notified by Proclamation or published in the London Gavotte.

Regulations for

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as VefiVU in which aforesaid, shall appear on board any Ship or Vessel within the Streights of Gibraltar, the Commander, Master, In^e<ar°wit !in or ot^er Person saving Charge thereof, shall immediately proceed to some one of the [foreign*] Lazarets, and

of1without* the there perform Quarantine, until such Time as the Land Lazaret to be erected as aforesaid shall, by his Majesty;

Streight* of Gib- his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, and by Order of the lame, raltar, p eviou* notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, have been declared to be fit for the due Per- the Lixarct at formance of Quarantine therein; but if such Plague, or other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid,; ngCcoraplcted.C appear on board any Ship or Vessel without the Streights of Gibraltar, then the Commander, Master, or*[So it the RoiL other Person having the Charge or Command thereof, shall (unless such Land Lazaret shall have been so Query/floating.* declared to be fit for the due Performance of Quarantine therein) immediately proceed to the Harbour of See §1. and 22.J Saint Helen's, Tean and North Withel, being Two of the Islands commonly called The Islands of Seii/y, or to such other Place as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of his or their Privy Council,

shall from Time to Time diired and appoint; where being arrived he shall make known his Case to some Officer

of the Customs there, who shall immediately acquaint the Governor, Deputy Governor, or other Principal Magistrate thereof, and also the principal Officer of the Customs at some Port in England near thereunto; and the said principal Officer of the Customs at such near Port in England shall with all possible Speed fend I nielli*

genoe

e

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 10.

265

genCe thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs in the Port of London 5 and the said Governor, Deputy* Governor, or other principal Magistrafce shall, in like Manner, with all possible Speed, fend Intelligence thereof to the Privy Council, to the End that such Measures may be taken for the Comfort and Support of the Crew and Passengers on board such Ship so infected, and such Precautions used to prevent the spreading of the Infection, as the Case shall require; and the said Ship or Vessel shall there remain until Directions shall be given relative thereto by the Lords or others of his Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them; nor shall any of the Crew or Passengers on board thereof go on Shore 5 but in case the said Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of the said Ship or Vessel so infected, shall not be able to make the said Islands of Scilly, or other Place so appointed by his Majesty as aforesaid, or shall be forced by Stress of Weather or otherwise to go up either of the Chahnels, it shall not be lawful for him to enter with such Ship or Vessel into any other Port or Place in Great Britain, or the Islands of Gurm/ey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, but he shall remain in some open Road till he receives Directions relative thereto from the Privy Council, and he shall use every necessary Means in his Power to prevent any of the Ship's Company or Passengers from going out of his Ship, and to avoid all Intercouffe with other Ships, Vessels, or Persons; and such Ship's Company or Passengers shall, until such Commander, Mailer, or other Person shall have received such Directions, remain in such Ship, and shall avoid all Intercourse with other Ships, Vessels, or Persons 5 and such Mailer, and every other Person on board such Ship or Vessel shall obey such Directions as he shall receive from the Lords of others of his Majesty's Privy Council, or any three or more of them as aforesaid; and the said Commander, Master, or any other Person on board such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, who shall not act conformably to the Provisions and Regulations herein directed, or shall act in Disobedience to such Directions as shall be received on board Rich Ship or Vessel from the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall be and is hereby required at all Times when such Ship or Vessel shall meet with any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, or shall be within Four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoist a Signal to denote that his Ship or Vessel is liable to the Performance of Quarantine 5 which Signal shall be, in the Day Time, if the said Ship or Vessel shall have a clean Bill of Health, a large yellow Flag of Six Breadths of Bunting at the Main-topmast Head 5 and if such Ship or Vessel shall not have a clean Bill of Health, then a like yellow Flag, with a circular Mark or Ball entirely Black in the Middle therepf, whose Diameter shall be equal to Twd Breadths of Bunting; and in the Night Time the Signal shall in both Cases be a large Signal I*anthom, with a Light therein, (such as is commonly used on board his Majesty's Ships of War), at the same Mast-head; and such Commander, Master, or other Person, shall keep such Signals respectively, as the Case shall be, hoisted during such Time as the said Ship shall continue within Sight of such other Ship or Vessel, or within Four Leagues of the said Coasts or Islands, and while so in Sight, or within such Distance, until Rich Ship or Vessel lb liable to Quarantine as aforesaid shall have arrived at the Port or Place where it is to perform Quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the Performance thereof 5 on Failure whereof such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, and knowing that the same is not liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall hoist such Signals as aforesaid, of either of them, by Day or Night respectively, such Commander, Master, or other Person as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, as to all Ships or Vessels arriving from any Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape Horn, in South America^ and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and live, as to all Ships or Vessels arming from any Parts of Africa or America, not beyond those Capes, and from the West Indies and Mediterraneans and from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred aqjJ five, as to all Ships and Vessels arriving from any other Places; every Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel coming from foreign Parts, shall give to the Pilot who shall go on board such Ship or Vessel a written Paper, containing a true Account of the Names of the Place and Country at which such Ship or Vessel shall have loaded, and also of all the Places at which any such Ship or Vessel shall have touched on the homeward Voyage, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for any Neglect or Refusal to give such Paper, or for any false Representation or wilful*Oini(lion therein; and if by any Proclamation or Order of his Majesty in Council, made after the Departure of any such Ship or Vessel from Great Britain, and then in force, Ships and Vessels coming from any Place mentioned in any such Paper shall be liable to the Performance of Quarantine, such Pilot shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Commander or other Person aforesaid of such Ship or Vessel, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any Neglect therein; and such Commander or other Person shall thereupon hoist a proper Signal according to the Provisions of this Act, and under the Penalties in this Act contained, for any Neglect or Refiual in respect of holding such Signals.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Pilot shall bring or conduct, or cause to be brought or conduced, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into any Place which is pot, or which shall not be specially appointed for the Reception of Ships and Vessels so liable after receiving such Paper as aforesaid, whereby it shall have been made appear that such Ship or Vessel was liable to the Performance of Quarantine, or without requiring and receiving such Paper as aforesaid of and from every such Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel coming from foreign Parts, unless compelled by Stress of Weather, adverse Winds, or Accidents of the sea, such Pilots shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

45 Geo. III. M m XVIII, And,

Matters of Ships liable to Quarantine shall make Signals on

meeting other Ship* at Sea, or being within Four League! of the United Kingdom or Guernsey, fee. on Penalty of 200 /.

Penalty of ioe/. on fVr(*uiis holding Signals when not liable.

Matters of Vessels, on their Arrival front foreign Parts, shall give to the 1'ilott an Account of the PI ices at which they shall have laden and touched. Penalty xco; -fee.

Penalty of; co/. on Pilots bringing Ships liable to Quarantine into Places not appointed fa tiieii* Reee^ tintu

266

C, io.

450 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

For better afrer-t.iming wheilver Snips be usually infected, or the Persons on board liable to Order* touching Quarantine, Matters shall an Cwer Inquiries truly. Penalty 200l.

S t.ips fitt jv-to Quarantine arriving at any Poit except that 4t which it ought tube performed may be forced to repair to the appointed Place.

Matter! of Vessels having touched nr in-felled Place*, Ac, omitting to disclose the fame, or to huift prefciibid S»g--Dais, Ih ill be guilty of Felony vithout Ciesgy.

Commander* shall deliver up X^ills of Health, ^lamlVII*, and J.-jg-books, to ne Suprrinion-ciant of Qu.itan-rinc. Penal.y iqo/.

X'enalty of coo/, on Mailer., &c. <juitfing Vc AT.-: or permitting J^erfans to quit eliem, or nor conveying Sh.ips so the appointed places; and a 00l. and Six onrh* Impri-f'rrnment on Per-Cons coming in such VcUel*, or g; oing o 1 board,'orquitring them l>cfore dischirp-«rd.

XVIII. And, to the End th; it it may be the better known whether any Ship or Vessel be actually infected with the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Dillemper as aforesaid, or whether such Ship or Vessel, or the Manners or raffengers coming, or the Cargo imported in the fame, are liable to any Orders touching Qaran-tine; be it further enacted, That when any Country or Place shall be known to be, or suspe£led to be in-fe&ed with the Plague, or other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or when any Order or Orders shall be made by His Majesty in Council concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid, then and in such Case, as often as any Ship or Vessel shall attempt to enter into any Port or Place in Great Britain, or of the Kies of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whether such Port shall have been appointed for the Performance of Quarantine or not, the Superintendant of Quarantine, or his Assistant, if there shall be such Superintendant or Assistant at such Port or Place, or if not, the principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at such Port or Place, or such Officer of the Customs as shall be authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, of any Four or more of them, to aCd in that Behalf, shall go off to such Ship or Vessel, and shall, at a convenient Distance from such Ship or Vessel, demand of the Commander, Mailer, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall upon such Demand give a true Answer in Writing or otherwise, and upon Oath or not upon Oath, according as he shall by such Superintendant or his Assistant, or other Officer of the Customs authorised as aforesaid, be required, to all such Questions or Interrogatories as shall be put to him, by virtue and in pursuance of such Regulations and Directions as His Majesty, by Order in Council, shall be pleased to prescribe; and in case such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, upon such Demand made as aforesaid, refuse to make a true Discovery in any of the Particulars concerning which he shall be interrogated in Manner aforesaid, or in case he shall not be required to answer such Questions or Interrogatories upon Oath, shall give a false Answer to any such Question or Interrogatory as aforesaid, such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear upon such Examination or otherwise, that such Ship or Vessel is under such Circumstances as shall render it liable to perform Quarantine, and that the Port or Place where it so arrives, or at which it attempts to enter as aforesaid, is not the Port or Place where it ought so to perform Quarantine, in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or of any of His Majesty's Forts or Gamfons, and all other His Majesty's Officers, upon Notice thereof given to them or any of them respectively, and to and for any other Person or Persons whom they shall call to their Aid and Affillance, and such Officers and other Persons are hereby required, to oblige such Ship or Vessel to go and repair to such Place as hath been or shall be appointed for Performance ot Quarantine, and to use ail necessary Means for that Purpose, either by firing of Guns upon such Ship or Vessel, or by any other Kind of necessary Force whatsoever; and in case any such Ship or Vessel shall come from or shall have touched at any Place infected by the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, or shall have any Person on board actually infected with the Plague, or such other inft&ious Disease or Distemper, as aforesaid, and the Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, knowing that the Place from whence he came, or at which he had touched as aforesaid, was infected with the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper, or knowing some Person on board to be actually infected with the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, shall refuse or omit to disclose the same upon such Examination as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit to hoifl the Signal herein-before directed, to denote that his Ship or Vessel is liable to the Performance of Quarantine, at the Times and on the Occasions herein directed with respect to the fame, such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel which shall be ordered to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, shall forthwith, after his Arrival at the Place appointed for the Performance of his Quarantine, deliver, on Demand, to the Superintendant of Quarantine, or his Assistant, or other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf, and which. Superintendant, Assistant, or other Officer as aforesaid, is hereby required to make such Demand, his Bill of Health and Manifest, together with his Log Book and Journal, under Pam of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pound.?, if he shall wilfully refuse and neglect so to do.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, and on board of which the Plague, or other such infectious Disease or Distemper rfin.ll not then have appeared, shall himself quit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any Seaman or Passenger coining in such Ship or Vessel to quit such Ship or Vessel by going on Shore, or by going on board any other Ship, Boat, or Vessel, before such Quarantine shall be fully performed, unless in such Cases and by such proper Licence as shall be directed and granted, and by virtue of such Order or Orders to be made concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection as aforesaid; or in case any Commander, Mailer, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall not, within a convenient Time after due Notice given for that Purpose, cause such Ship or Vessel, and the Lading thereof, to be conveyed into the Place or Places appointed for such Ship, Vessel, and Lading, to perform their Quarantine re*pe6lively, then and in every such Case every such Commander, Master, or other Person as aforesaid, - for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person coming in any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine (or any Pilot or other Person going on board the fame, either before or after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at any Port or Flace in Great Britain, or the Islands aforesaid) shall, either before or after such Arrival, quit Inch Ship or Vessel by going on Shore in any Port or Place in Great Britain or the Islands afore-

t 7 "

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 10.

267

said, or by going on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with Intent to go on Shore as aforesaid, before such Ship or Vessel, so liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, shall be regularly discharged from the Performance thereof, it shall and may be lawful for all Persons whatsoever, by any Kind of necessary Force, to compel such Pilot or other Person so quitting such Ship or Vessel so liable to Quarantine, to return on board the fame; and every such Pilot or other Person so quitting such Ship or Vessel so liable to Quarantine, shall for every such Offence suffer Imprisonment for the Space of Six Months, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel which has performed Quarantine in any foreign Lazaret shall arrive in any of the Ports of Great Britain, or the Itles of Guernsey, Jcrfiy, Alderney, Sari, or Men, with a clean Bill of Health, no Goods or Merchandize shall be permitted to be landed or unshipped, unloaded or moved, in order to be landed out of such Ship or Vessel; but the Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall immediately upon his Arrival give Notice thereof, and of the foreign Port or Ports in which such Ship or Vessel hath performed Quarantine, to the principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs at the Port where he shall arrive, or at the Port nearest thereto, in order that the same may be forthwith laid before His Majesty's Privy Council; and if the Commander, Master, or other Person as aforesaid, or any Person whatsoever, shall land, or shall unftfip, unload, or move, in order to land any Goods or Merchandize out of the fold Ship or Vessel, before an Order of His Majesty's Privy Council shall be made, giving Directions therein, or otherwise than shall be directed in the said Order, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And whereas Disobedience or refractory Behaviour in Persons under Quarantine, or liable to the Performance of Quarantine, or in other Persons who may have had any Intercourse or Communication with them, may be attended with very great Danger to His Majesty's Subje&s; be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to perform Quarantine, and all Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with them, whether in Ships or in a Lazaret, or elsewhere, shall be subject, during the said Quarantine, or during the Time they shall be liable to Quarantine, to such Orders as they shall receive from the Superintendant of Quarantine or his Assistant, or from the principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place where there is no such Superintendant or A Aidant, or from any other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf; and the said Officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necessary Obedience to the said Orders, and in case of Necefiitv to call in others to their A Alliance, and all Persons 10 called in are hereby required, to assist accordingly; and such Officers shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to compel all Persons liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, and Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with them, to repair to such Lazaret, Ship, Vessel, or Place, and to cause all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles comprized within any such Orders to be made as la A aforesaid, to be conveyed to such Lazaret, Ship, Vessel, or Place duly appointed in that Behalf, in such Manner and according to such Directions as shall be made by Order of His Majesty in Council as aforesaid, or of the Lords and others of the Privy Council, or of any three or more of them 5 and if any Person or Persons liable to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons having had any Intercourse or Communication with him, her, or them, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to repair forthwith, when required and directed so to do by such Officer as aforesaid, to the said Lazaret, Ship, Vessel, or Place duly appointed in that Behalf, or having been placed in the said Lazaret, Ship, Vessel, or Place, shall escape or attempt to escape out of the same before Quarantine duly performed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Quarantine Officers, and also the Watchmen and other Persons appointed to fee Quarantine performed, and each of them, and they are hereby respectively required, by such necessary Force as the Case shall require, to compel every such Person, so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such Person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return to such Lazaret, Ship, Vessel, or Place so appointed as aforesaid; and every Person so refusing or neglecting to repair forthwith, as aforesaid, to the said Lazaret, Ship, Vessel, or Place and also every Person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful, for any Constable, Headborough, Tythingman,

or other Peace Officer, or any other Person, to seize and apprehend any Person that shall, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, have quitted or come on Shore from any Ship or Vessel liable to perform Quarantine, or who shall have tfeaped from or quitted any Ship or Vessel under Quarantine, or from any Lazaret, Slip, Vessel, or Place, appointed in that Behalf; for the Purpose of carrying such Person before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and it shall be lawful for any such Jrflice of the Peace or Magistrate to grant his Warrant for the apprehending and conveying of any such Person to the Ship or Vessel from which he or she shall have come on Shore, or to any Ship or Vessel performing Quarantine, or Lazaret, from which he or she shall have escaped, or for the confining of any such Person in any such Place of safe Custody, (not being any publick. Tail), and under such RcAri&ions as to having any«Communication with any other Persons, as may, in the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, (calling to his Aid, if he shall see fit, any medical Person), appear to be proper, until such Person can be safely andfccurelv conveyed to some Place appointed for the Performance of Quarantine, or until Directions can be obtained from the Privy Cotmcil, as to the Disposal of any such Person, and to rnakp any further Order or grant any further Warrant that mdv be necessary in that Behalf.'» '

XXV. And whereas Orders have been, giVmby the Lords of His Majesty's Pi; vy Council for Perfo, us on Shore, who had Intercoorlc with the Oewi^and; Passengers of a Vessel coming from a Place from whence it wsi8 judged that there \va^ DangePtflIrAcJion behig brought, to be sent 'afloat for the Performance of Quarantine, in lxke Mannor wnhi such iCveV.? and Pafiengors \ be it enacted, That such Orders so issued as atmoUid*

Mi,2'l>y

No Goods shall hr breted from V< (TV Is having;

1 formed Quarantine in a foreign Lazaret, without Notice to the Officer of the Culionis, nor before Direct ion* frotn the Privy Council, on Penalty of 2C0l.

For punching Dist.bcdicrice or icfrarftory Behaviour by force in Persons under or liable to Qua- amine, 01 Persons having Intercom fc with them.

Penally on Difo-berirc-nrc,

Felony without Clergy.

P< rfons rjuirri'ig Snips li.ible to pcifotm Quarantine, & C. may be kized.

Indemnity for Orrii 1 i in Court-c I for U ruling aA at t*peiU-mi Qu.irai tr c Persons who had

268

Had Interrourlc with a Vessel from which Danger was apple hended.

Penalty on Of-liceis embezzling Goods per-foi ming (Quarantine, or negletfl-ing their Duty; iooA and Incapacity.

I emitting Per-f'ons, Ships, Sec. todepart without Authority, or giving false Certificates, or da-maging Goods, Felony without Clergy.

Persona not infected entering rite Lazaret shall perfotm Quarantine, and attempting to cfcnpe may be compelled to return; and such Persons escaping shall be gsilty of Felony without Clergy.

After Proof of Pcifjrmance of Quarantine, and proper Certificate rothurElTctf, Vessels or Persons shall hot he liable to further Detention.

Goods Hah he to perform Quarantine dull be opened and aired as directed by Order in Council, Pi Oof of which shall be made before the Other r of the Custom*, See. who shall grant Certificates thereof, which shallentitle them to be d (charged from further Detemioo.

C. io. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

by the Lords of His Majesty's Privy Council for the Prevention of Infection, shall be taken and considered to have been, and are hereby declared to be good and valid in Law; and all Persons who may have been concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into Execution the said Orders or any of them, shall be and are hereby' indemnified for the fame, and shall be and are hereby freed and discharged from all Actions, Suits, or- other Proceedings, which have been or shall be brought and commenced against them, for or on account or by reason-of the said Orders or any of them, or of any othfer Matter or Thing done in pursuance thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever to whom it doth or shall appertain to execute any Order or Orders made or to be made concerning Quarantine, or the Prevention of Infection, and notified as aforesaid, or to see the same, put in Execution, shall knowingly and wilfully embezzle any Goods or Articles performing Quarantine, or be guilty of any other wilful Breach or Neglect of his Duty in respect of the Ships, Persons, Goods, or Ajticles performing Quarantine, every such Officer and Person so offending shall forfeit f^ch Office or Employment as he may be possessed of, and shall become from thenceforth incapable to hold or enjoy the fame, or to take a new Grant thereof; and every such Officer and Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Officer or Person shall desert from his Duty when employed as aforesaid* or shall knowingly and wilfully permit any Person, Ship, Veil'd, Goods, or Merchandize, to depart or be conveyed out of thtr said Lazaret, Ship, or other Place as aforesaid, unless by Permission under an Order of His Majesty, by and' with the Advice of His Privy Council, or under an Order of Three or more of the Lords or others of Hi» Privy Council, cr if any Person hereby authorized and directed to give a Certificate of a Ship having duly performed Quarantine or Airing, shall knowingly give a false Certificate thereof, every such Person so offend — ing shall be deemed guilty of lelony, and suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy 5 and if any such Officer or Person shall knowingly and wilfully damage any Goods performing Quarantine under, his Direction, he shall be liable to pay Treble Damages and full Colls of Suit to the Owner of the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not infe&edwith the Plague* or other infe&iouS' Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, nor liable to perform Quarantine, shall enter the said Lazaret, or dther Place so appointed as aforesaid, whilst any Person or Persons infected with the Plague, or being under Quarantine shall be therein, such Person so entering the said Lazaret, or other Place so appointed as aforesaid shall* perform Quarantine there; and if he or she shall return or attempt to return from thence, unless in such Cases-and by such Licences as shall be directed and granted by virtue of such Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, or of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, as afon* — said, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Quarantine Officers, Watchmen, and other Persons appointed to-guard or secure the said Lazaret or other Place so appointed as aforesaid, by fa.h necessary Force as the Case shall require, to compel such Persons To returning or attempting to return, to repair into the said Lazaret ory other Place so appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform Quarantine \ and in case, such Person shall actually escape out of the said Lazaret, or other Place where he or she ought to have performed Quarantine, before he or she shall have fully performed the fame, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That after Quarantine shall have been duly performed by any Ship or* Vessel, Person or Persons, obliged to perform Quarantine as aforesaid, according to this Act, and to such* Order or Orders made as aforesaid, and upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of the Mailer or other Person' having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and of Two of the Persons belonging thereto, or upon Proof to be made by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, before the Collector or principal Officer of the Customs, at the Pbrt where such Quarantine shall be performed, or at the Port nearest thereunto, or before any Justice of the Peace firing near to the Port or Place, or when such Quarantine shall have been Derformed within any of the said Islet of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, before any two Jurats or Magi (Irate s of any of the said I lies respectively, that such Ship or Vessel, and all and every such Person. and Persons respectively* have duly performed Quarantine as aforesaid, and that the Ship or Vessel, and all and every Person and Persons are free from Infection; and after producing a Certificate to that Purposo, signed by the chief Officer who fimerintended the Quarantine of the said Ship, or Person a£ing for him, then, and in the said respective' Cases such Collector or principal Officer of the Customs, or such Justice of the Peace, or such Jurats or Magistrates as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby required to give a Certificate thereof, and thereupon such Ship* or Vessel, and all and every such Person or Persons so having performed Quarantine, shall he liable to no further Restraint or Detention upon the same Account for which such Ship or Vessel, Person or Persons, ftialb have performed Quarantine as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles liable to Quarantine as aforesaid, shall be opened and aired in fudi Place or Places, and for such Time and in such Manner, as shall be directed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by such Order or Orders to be made* as aforesaid; and after such Orders shall have been duly complied with, a Certificate thereof shall he given by the chief Officer appointed to superintend the Quarantine and Airing of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles, or by the Person acting for him, and Proof thereof shall be made by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses, before the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port lying next to fucjl Place or Places where such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Articles, shall have been opened and aired as aforesaid, or before any Justices of the Peace firing near the fame* or before any Two Jurats or Magistrates of the said lfles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively; which: CoBe&or or other .principal Officer, or such Justice, or jurats or Magistrates respectively, as the Cale may be, shall also make Certificate of such Proof having been made; and upon the Production of such Certificates to His Majesty's Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland\ respectWely, or to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or chief Magistrates of any of the said last mentioned I Hands, as the

t* Cafe

A.D. 1805.

450 GEORGII III.

C. 10.

269

Case may be, - such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles, shall be forthwith discharged from any Restraint* or Detention upon the same account, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or^-of the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or chief Magistrate respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or Penalty os Per-procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Certificate directed and required to be granted by this Act, or shall publifti as true any such forged or counterfeited Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counter- pc|ony wiihcut feited; he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Cleicy.

Benefit of Clergy.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall land or unfiup, or shall move, in order to the Penalty on Per-

landing or unshipping thereof, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Packets, Packages, Baggage, Wearing f, nt landing Apparel, Books, Letters, or any other Articles whatever, from on board any Ship or Vessel liable to performfrl\

Quarantine as aforesaid, or shall knowingly receive the same after they have been so landed or unftiipped, every |jable to perform such Pprfon shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of five hundred Pounds, nor lets than the Quarantine, or Sum one hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall clandestinely convey, or shall secrete or conceal receiving them, for the Purpose of conveying, any Letters, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Articles as aforesaid, secretirvg rhc» from any Ship or Vessel actually performing Quarantine, or from the Lazaret or other Place where such Goods, qu#.

Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles as aforesaid, shall be performing Quarantine, every such Person so of- rantine, $00l. to fending as last aforesaid shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, with- ioo/.j and Felony out Benefit of Clergy. without Clergy.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it, shall at any Time happen that any Part of Great His Majesty in Britain, Ireland, or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or France, Spain, or Portugal, or the 9afe# of Infcc" Low Countries, shall be infefted with the Plague, or any other such infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His or their Proclama- twent/Ton tion, to prohibit and restrain all small Boats and Vessels under the Burthen of twenty Tons, from failing or f, om filing

pailing out of any Port or Place of Great Britain, or the Hies of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or until Bond be any of them, until Security be first given by the Matter of every such Boat or Vessel respectively, to the Sa- 6ivcn i*y^tisfaction of the Principal Officer of the Customs, or the Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place rrom whence

such Boat or Vessel shall fail, by Bond taken by such Officer or Magistrate, to the King, His Heirs or Sue- touch al pj SCfi.

cessors, with sufficient Sureties in the.Penalty of three hundred Pounds, with Condition that if such Boat specified, &c. or Vessel shall not go to or touch at any Country, Port, or Place, to be mentioned for that Purpose in such Proclamation, and if neither the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel, nor any Mariner or Passenger in such Boat or Vessel, shall, during the Time aforesaid, go on board any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, and such Master, or other Person having Charge of such Boat or Vessel, shall not permit or suffer any Person or Persons to come on board such Boat or vessel at Sea, from any other Ship or Vessel, and'

shall not, during the Time aforesaid, receive any Goods and Merchandize whatsoever, out of any other Ship, or Vessel, then such Bond shall be void; for the making of wdiich Bond no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be taken; and in case any Boat or Vessel, for whiqh such Security shall be required by such Proclamation, shall! set fail or pass out of any Port or Place of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, jersey, Alderney, Sark, P*n3f?y^and Man, or any of them respectively, before such Security be given as aforesaid, every such Boat or Vessel' ^c/sccud" so failing or passing out of any Port or Place, contranr to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, together Forfe/ur/1" with her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the ?0cl tc/. per*Matter of and every Mariner failing in any such Boat or Vessel, shall severally forfeit and pay the Sum of Man.

Twenty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Publication in the London Gazette of any Older in Council, - Publication In or of any Order by Three or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council, made in pursuance L< ndon Gazette of this Act, or His Majesty's Royal Proclamation, made in pursuance of the fame, shall be deemed and taken to of order»

be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned of all Matters therein respectively contained4. of Guuncii, &c.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties aforesaid, that* ftialfbe incurred by / C'C°C >u, 'ar* reason of any Offence committed against any Part of this Act, shall and may be recovered by Suit in any of^plication of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign or Wager of Law, or more than one penalties. Imparlance shall be granted, or in Scotland by summary Action in the Court of Session, or by Prosecution before the Court of Judiciary there, or by Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts in the Islands of Guernsey,

'Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and every such Forfeiture and renafty shall belong and be given, One Moiety to the Person who shall inform and sue for the fame* and the other Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be applied tow ards defraying the Expences of erecting and maintaining the Lazaret as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons A^ion* for Pe-

whatsoever, to commence, prosecute, enter, or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered, ^11 be

or filed, any Action, Bid, Plaint, Inlbrmation, or Prosecution, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, Informations, or o7 Attor-

Prosecutions, in any of His Majesty VCourt8 in England or Scotland, or any Proceeding or Proceedings before ney Gcneul, &c« any Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Stewartry, or Place, for the Recovery

of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, incurred by reason of any Offence committed against this Act, or against any Ordft or Orders made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Council, or by any Three or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council as aforesaid, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, respectively, or in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers of the Customs in England or Scotland, respectively; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, or Prosecution, Actions,

' it

270

C. 10.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Bills, Plaints, Informations, or Prosecutions, or any Proceeding or Proceedings before any Justices as aforesaid, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than is in that Behalf before-mentioned, the same shall be and are hereby declared to be null and

void.

In Prosecut^i

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Prosecution, Suit, Complaint, or other by Omcm of Proceeding as aforesaid, shall be commenced or depending by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, for the AtronK °: Gene* ^ecoveiT anT Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, incurred by reason of any Of-ralTrTlipgUrdC- fence committed against this Act, or against any Order or Orders made by Kis Majesty, His Heirs or Snc-or Advocate : n celTors, in Council, or by any three or more of the Lords or others of His Majesty's Privy Council as afore-Scotland m*y said, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate in Scotland, re-fipeftively, to flop all further Proceedings therein, as well with respect to the Share of such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, to which any such Officer or Officers shall or may claim to be entitled, as to the Share thereof belonging to His Majesty, if upon Consideration of the Circumstances under which any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, may have been incurred, it shall appear to them respectively to be fit and proper so to do.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein, by or by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, any Examinations or Answers shall be taken or made upon Oath, the Person who shall be authorized and required to take such Examinations and Answers, shall and shall be deemed to have full Power and Au-

a..d if any Person who shall be so interrogated or examined, shall wilfully

ttop Proceedings,

P?rrcn»u'J o-

r; fed to t

Eiatr

Oaht a- .i Per- thority to administer such Oaths

son % («cmr.£ fahtly, or procuring others so to do* fh ol be drrmrd gu Perjury*

Offences, not being F.lot.y, and Offences not yun'lhrd l>y specific Penalty, may be A* u r-mined before Two Just CCS, who may fine not exceeding 50 1 or in.pi 1son nor exceeding Three Months.

No Attainder of Felony shall wotk Corruption of Blood,

Ac.

Answers of Persons n: ninf; the Charge c.f Vc ffcls shall l»c received .1 Evidence, so (4. as relate* toe Place* (ion which \Mrcls came, or\ which tl «y touched, and the having bcc 1) directed to perform Quarauti- e tic received as Evidence that VefTcU were liable I here to, un-hf* Proof be made to the contrary, and the bei: g fjcrfutm-ing Quarantine shall be Proof of VeflVU being liable to perform ft.

swear falsely to any Matter, cone' rr.ing which such Person shall depose or make Oath on such Examination or in such Answers, or if any Person ih: di procure any other Person so to do, he or she so swearing falsely, or procuring any other Person so to do, t).*)1 be deemed to have been guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecutedl.for wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of wilf-il and corrupt Perjury, as the Case may be, and

u" 7 shall suffer the Pains, Penalties, and Punishments, of the Law, in such Case respectively made and provided.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed against any of the Provisions of this Act, not being Felony, and every Offence or Disobedience to any Order of Council, made for the better carrying into Execution this Act, for which no specific Penalty, Forfeiture, or P j w.hment is provided by this Act,

shall and may be tried, heard, and determined before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place where such Offence or Disobedience fl.all happen; and if any Person shall be convicted of any such Offence or Disobedience, he or fhc shall be liable Vj such Forfeiture and Penalty, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any One Offence, or to such Imprisomr.ent not exceeding Three Months for any one Offence, as shall, in the Discretion of the Two Justices who shall have heard and determined the fame, be judged proper; and such Forfeiture and Penalty shall be paid, one Moiety to the Person suing for the fame, and the other to His Majesty, to be applied as the Moieties of other Forfeitures and Penalties herein-before directed to be applied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Attainder of Felony by virtue of this Act, shall be extended to work any Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture of any Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in any Prosecution, Suit, or other Proceeding against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Offence against this Act, or any Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine, or for any Breach or Diiobedience of any' Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection, and notified or published as aforesaid, or of any Order or Orders made by Three or more of the Lords or others of the Privy Council as aforesaid, the Answer or Answers of the Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, to any- Questions or Interrogatories put to him by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, or of any Act which may hereafter be passed concerning Quarantine, or of any such Order or Orders as aforesaid, may and shall be given and received as Evidence so far as the same relates or relate to the Place from which such Ship or Vessel came, or to the Place or Places at w'hich such Ship or Vessel touched in the Course of her Voyage.; and where any Ship or Vessel shall have been directed to perform Quarantine by the Superintendant of Quarantine or his Assistant, or where there is no such Superintendant or Assistant, by the Principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place, or other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf, the having been so directed to perform Quarantine may and shall he given and received as Evidence that such Ship or Vessel was liable to Quarantine, unless satisfactory Proof shall be produced by the Defendant or Defendants in any such Prosecution, Suit, or other Proceeding, to flicw that the Ship or Vessel did not come from or touch at any such Place or Places as is or are stated in the said Answer or Answers, or that such Ship or Vessel, although directed to perform Quarantine, was not liable to the Performance thereof; and where any Ship or Vessel shall in fast have been put under Quarantine at any' Port or Place, by the Superintendant of Quarantine or his Assistant, cm other Officer of the Customs authorized as aforesaid to act in that Behalf, and ffiali actually be performing the fame, such Ship or Vessel ffiali, in any Prosecution, Suit, or other Proceeding against any Person or Persons whatever, for any Offence against this Act, or any other Act which may' hereafter be passed concerning, Quarantine, or against any Order or Orders concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention of Tnfeftion, which shall be made by His Majesty in Council, or by Three or more of the Lords or others of His Privy Council as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be liable to Quarantine, without proving in what Manner or from what Circumstances such Ship or Vessel became liable to the Performance thereof.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 10. 271

XLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall be charged with any Offence On Affidavit of against this Act, or any Act which may hereafter be puffed concerning Quarantine, or with any Breach or Indiament filed Disobedience of any Order or Orders which shall be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Coun- *r Offence* cil as aforesaid, or of any Order or Orders made by the Lords or others of the Privy Council, or any three or unf*c!j th, i more of them as aforesaid, and the same shall be made appear to any Judge of His Majesty's Court of King's causehe^arty Bench by Affidavit or by Certificate, of an Indictment or Information being filed against such Person or robe apprehend. Persons in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to ift'ue his Warrant in and if he rewriting under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended and fuse to become brought before him or some other Judge of the said Court, or before feme one of His Majesty's Justices of f hc^"

the Peace, in order to his, her, or their being bound to the King's Majesty with Two sufficient Sureties in such Sum as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the said Court at the Time nutted to Gaol, mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and singular Indictments or Informations for any of the Offences aforesaid; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Justice of the Peace respectively, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or where he, she, or they shall have been so apprehended, until he, she, or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by Order of the said Court of King's Bench in Term Time, or by one of the Judges of the said Court in Vacation, and the Recognizance or Recognizances to be taken thereupon shall be returned and filed in the said Court, and shall continue in force until such Person or Persons shall have been acquitted of such Offence, or in case of Conviction shall have received Judgement for the fame, unless sooner ordered by the said Court to be discharged; and that where any Person or Persons, by virtue of such Warrant and Where Persons Commitment as aforesaid, is or are now detained, or shall hereafter be committed and detained in any Gaol arc detained, for Want of Bail, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, to cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of the Gaol wherein in3iament such Person or Persons is, are, or shall be so detained, with a Notice thereon indorsed, that unless such Person to be delivered to or Persons shall; within Eight Days from the Time of such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Informa- the Party or ihe tion as aforesaid, cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to Gaoler, with such Indictment or Information, an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty will be entered thereto, in the °ncc I? j*1* j Name or Names of such Person or Persons respectively; and in case lie, she, or they shall thereupon, for the Er^cmurr "ai!d said Space of Eight Days after such Delivery of a Copy of the Indictment or Information as aforesaid, neg- on failure, in left to cause an Appearance, and also a Plea or Demurrer to be entered in the said Court to such Indict- Appearance ment or Information, it shall be lawful for the Prosecutor of such Indictment or Information, upon an Affi-davit being made and filed in the said Court, of a Delivery of a Copy of such Indictment or Information, r peered'by^ro-with such Notice indorsed thereon as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, or to such Gaoler, Keeper, or fecutor, and Trial Turnkey, as the Case may be, which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the said shall proceed. Court authorized to take Affidavits in the said Court, to cause an Appearance and the Plea of Not Guilty to be entered in the said Court to such Indictment or Information, for such Person or Persons respectively; and such Proceedings shall be had thereupon, as if the Defendant or Defendants in such Indictment or Information had appeared and pleaded Not Guilty, according to the usual Course of the said Court; and that if, Defendant ac. upon the Trial of such Indictment or Information, the Defendant or Defendants so committed and detained quitted may be as aforesaid, shall be acquitted of all the Offences therein charged upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful discharged by for the Judge before whom such Trial shall be had, although he may not be One of the Judges of the said Court of King's Bench, to order that such Defendant or Defendants shall be forthwith discharged out of 1 c CDCC* Custody, as to his, her, or their Commitment as aforesaid 5 and such Defendant or Defendants shall be thereupon discharged accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Offences committed contrary to, or in Breach or Violation of All Offence* this or any other Act hereafter to be passed, or of any Order or Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, now or hereafter to be made in his or their Privy Council, concerning Quarantine, and the Prevention ^ied Tn of Infection, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, or of any Order or Orders made County, by three or more of the Lords or others of the Privy Council as aforesaid, whether the said Offence shall be done and committed within the Body of any County or upon the High Seas or elsewhere, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined in any County within England or Scotland, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance and execution of this present Act, or of any Order of Council made by virtue thereof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give General Issue. this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and in Execution of the said Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall have been given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the Treble Costs. like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law; and that no ^Tion^Two such Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person for any Matter or Thing done in pursuance or execu- Months.* tion of this Act, but within the Space of Two Months after such Matter or Thing shall have been done.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, except as is herein-before Commencement otherwise provided, on the fifth Day of April, One thousand eight hundred and five, and may be altered, varied, be^Ueied* or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. or repealed tin*

Scflioi;

CAP. '[s«S>6]

272

C. 11.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

CAP. XI.

An Act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties m Great Britain, on the Conveyance of Letters. [ 12th March iBoj.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's rtioll dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

'*v Y Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies to de-

fray Your Majesty's publick Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, have

freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the additional Rates and Duties herein.

after mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Addirion.dRntes That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General and his of Portage. Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets, which he shall carry, convey, or fend Poll in Manner herein after mentioned, the additional Rates and Duties herein after specified, the same being rated by the Letter, or by the Ounce; videlicet,

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll within Great Britain, for every Single Letter One Penny; for every' Double Letter Two-pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Threepence; and for every Office in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four-pence-; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet bf greater Weight than an Ounces

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, for every Single Letter One Penny; for every Double Letter Two-pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Three-pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce;

For the Port and Conveyance of every Packet or Cover, containing therein, or having affixed thereto, One ov more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or One-or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, or other Goods, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Thing, not exceeding together One Ounce m Weight, sent agreeably to the Provisionss of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more ijfe finally preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco; and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Postage of certain Letters \ and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the dale of Spirituous Liquors ly Retail; and of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letter1 free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non -commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Private Men, in the Army and Navy, whilst on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Kate of P(stage; and for permitting Pattern! and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an eqfier Rate than is now allowed by Law; the Sum of One Penny:

For the Port and Conveyance 6t every Letter, originally sent by the Poll, now known by the Name of72e Two-penny Post, and not first passing and afterwards to pass by the General Poll, directed to or sent from Places beyond the Delivery of the General Poll Letter Carriers, the Sum of One Penny; For the Port and Conveyance of even' Letter, originally passing by the General Post, directed to Places beyond the Delivery of the General Poll, and afterwards delivered by the Two-penny Post, the Sum of Two-pence t

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll, from and to Great Britain to and from Parts beyond the Seas, not within His Majesty's Dominions, for every' Single Letter Two-pence; for every Double Letter Four-pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Sixpence; and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight Eight-pence; and so in Proportion, for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce t

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters sent by the Post from and to Great Britain to and from the British Dominions in America, to and from or passing through the Kingdom of Portugal, and to and from the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey and the Isle of Man, a Packet Postage for every Single Letter of One Penny; for every Double Letter Two-pence; for every Treble Letter or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight Threepence; and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight Four-pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, That over and above the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, nil Letters and Packets passing from Great Britain to the British Dominions in America, to or through the Kingdom of Portugal, to the I Hands of Guernsey and Jersey and the Isle of Man, and all letters and Packets from those respective Countries to Great Britain, shall be charged with the Inland Rate of Pollage hereby established, of One Penny for each Single Letter, and so in Proportion for Double and Treble Letters, and other Letters according to the Weight thereof, for their Inland Conveyance.

Act shall not alter Rates of Pollage upon Single Letters sent by or to Seamen, &c. made payable by 44 J5 G. c. 53. — $ 3. {As § xo. of 41 G. 3. U.K. c. 7.

Rate erf 1 <K on

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all printed Newspapers sent by the Poll now known by the by Two^krvn^nt Name of the The Two-penny Pojl\ to Places beyond the Delivery of the General Poll, shall be chargeable

Within Great Britain.

Between Great Britain and lrt« Jana.

Patterns not exceeding vox.

26 G. 2. c.ej.

5 G. 3. c. 53.

Two-penny Port Letters.

Foreign Letters.

Colonial'Letters, -8cc.

Inland Portage on Lertcis to or from the British Dominion* in AniCiica, &c.

with a Duty of One Penny only; provided such Newspapers be sent in the Manner prescribed by an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, any Law to the contrary notwith.

standing, c.n '

6 See 42 G. 3.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers/Provisions, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Distribution thereof, and all Clause3 and other Matters and Things, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of passing this Act, relating to the Poll Office, or any Rates

ot Duties payable on the Port or Conveyance of Letters or Packets, (and not repealed or altered by this Act),

shall, so far as the same are applicable, continue in force, and be applied and extended, and shall be conllrued to apply and extend to this present Act, and to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as it the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this

Post beyond Delivery of the General Pod. c. 63. $ 10 &c.

Power of relating to the Pod Office not repealed or altered, extended to this Act.

" Rates shall be paid to the Receiver General of the Poll Office, and carried to British Consolidated Fund, 4' } 6".

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising and to arise by the said Rates Application of and Duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defray- the Monies, ing the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be parted in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of Ten Years next entiling, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, dif-tinftly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kef>t in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any Rates and Dirties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purposes of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

<4 General Issue, £ 8. Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §9."'x

CAP. XII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

[12th March 1805.]

<4 Every Contributor of 100l. shall be entitled to a Principal of ico/. in the 3per Cent. Consols, from 5th Jan 44 f805, and 22l. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced, from 10th Oftoter 1804, } I. Duty granted by 43 G. 3. 44 c. 122. shall not be charged on the first Half Year's Dividend, §8. Treasury may remit Part of the Loan to Ireland, not exceeding 2, 500, 0001. §20. to be provided for in Ireland\ §12. Bank of England shall continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted shall cease, f 26. [.For Form of the A3, fee u 41 G. 3. U.K. c. 3. which isfimilar, mu tat is mutandis.]99

CAP. XIII.

An Act for granting toJEIis Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses used in riding, or for drawing certain Carriages; and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon.

[18th March 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue of Great Britain,

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your- Majesty the several additional Duties herein after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be* it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and from and after the Term of Whit-sunday One thousand eight hundred and five, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, mentioned or described in* the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several yearly Duties respectively therein let forth; which Schedule, and the Rules therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith.

II. And whereas the said several additional Duties, and the several Duties, at and immediately before the passing of this Act, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages cortf ruaed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes 5 and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by AuHion or on Commission, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E ), might be more conveniently collected if the same fame were respectively consolidated and changed in One Sum to the Amount specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed 5 be it further enacted, That the several Duties on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, charged by the Act before mentioned, and the additional Duties granted 45 Geo. III. Nn by The Dalle* on Hotfes at specified in Schedule, shall be paid.

Duties granted

by 43 G. 3.

c. 161. on Hoxfci shall bt

2 74-

consolidated with Deities hereby granted.

Dufies ftin'l be levied under the Ki guUtioni of 43G. 3. c. 150. »ad c. 161.

Duties shall be carried lo Britishi Consolidated Fund.

Account of Duties under this Act, and 41 G. 3. c. 161. (h «ll be kept separate.

4t G.j. c. 70.

Tor each lUr/e.]

C. 13. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

by this Act, as the same are respectively set forth and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.), shall be respectively consolidated, and shall be assessed and charged together, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said consolidated Duties shall be a (To fled, raised, levied, paid, and accounted for under the Regulations of Two Acts pafll-d. in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the One thereof intituled, An Act for coifolldating certain of the Prcvifons contained in any AS or A3s relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same; and the other thereof intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commisshmers for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties itt lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned 5 for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conjtrufled by Coachmalers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and afo new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commffon; and this Act mall be construed in such Manner and to the like Enedt in all Relpedis, a3 if the same was incorporated in the said last mentioned Act; and that, from the Periods herein-before prescribed for the Commencement of the said additional Duties, the Schedule to this Act annexed, 2nd the Rules therein contained, shall severally be used, practised, and put in Execution, in lieu of the Schedule contained in the said last mentioned Act, marked (E.), which last mentioned Schedule and Rules shall from thenceforth severally cease and determine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Weflrmnjler, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, cause separate and distinct Accounts of the Duties payable by the Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign before mentioned, and of the additional Duties granted by this Act, to be prepared at the Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for directing certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontining certain other Forms of Account now in use; and the Monies arising from the said additional Duties shall be deemed a permanent fticrease to the publick Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any iiv creased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed qr to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. rv — A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all Horses, Mares, and Geldings, in the Cases herein after mentioned.

Number of Horses, Maret, or Geldings. Duties payable by 43 Geo. 3. Cap. ifc f. for each llorfc, &c. Addili >nnl Duties granted by this Act. Total to be charged in One Sum.

/. d. £, d. £. /. d.

For 1 such Horse, Mare, or Gelding _ _ 2 0 0 0 8 0 2 8 0

2 such Horses, Mares, or Geldings — — — 3 6 0 04 0 4 0 0

3 - 3 12 a 0 16 0 4 8 0

4 - 3 l5 0 0 id 0 4 11 0

5 - 3 16 0 0 id 0 4 12 0

6 - 4 0 0 0 id 0 4 16 0

7 - 4 1 0 0 17 0 4 18 0

8 - 4 1 0 0 l7 0 4 18 e

9 - 4 1 6 0 18 6 5 0 0

10 - 4 2 0 1 3 0 5 5 0

11 — < - 4 2 0 1 3 0 5 5 .0

12 - 4 2 0 1 3 0 5 5 0

*3 - 4 2 6 t 3 0 5 5 6

>4 - 4 2 6 1 3 0 5 5 6

15 - 4 2 6 1 3 0 5 5 6

16 — — — _ 4 2 6 1 3 0 5 s 6

17 - 4 3 0 1 3 0 5 6 0

18 - 4 3 6 1 3 0 5 6 6

J9' - 4 4 0 1 3 0 5 7 0

20 and upward* - 4 5 0 X 3 0 S 8 0

Caf.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C.

13

Case I. — For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, kept for the Purpose of riding or of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty according to the Schedule, marked (D.) No# I, 2, 3, and 4, annexed to the said Act, intituled, An Act for repealing the federal Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting ntfa Duties in lieu thereof; for granting'new Duties tn certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on.Licences^and on Carriages conjlrufted by Coachmakers % and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission.

Case II. Foe every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, hired for a Year or any longer Period of Time, and used for any Purpose aforesaid.

The said Consolidated Duties to be charged annually for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding; before described, on the Person or Persons who shall have used the fame, except where other Duties are hereby imposed on such Horses, Mares, or Geldings, or the same are herein after exempted from the said Duties.

SCHEDULE (E.)

No. 2. — A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Cafc3 herein after*mentioned.

275

Duties payable by 43 Geo. 3. Additional Duty granted by Total to be charged in One

Cap. 161. this Act. Suna.

£ ' d. £. s. £. t. J.

2 0 0 0 8 0 2 8 0

Case I. — For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, let to hire for any of the Purposes above mentioned, for any Period of Time less than One Year in any Manner, so that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horse* let to hire shall not be chargeable <^n such letting.

To be charged annually on the Person or Persons letting the same.

Provided always, if a due Return thereof shall not be made by the Hirer or Hirers according to the said Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, then the progressive Duty as set foith i l this Schedule No. 1, shall be chargeable on the Person or Persons who shall have hired the fame, together with any other Horses, Mares, or Geldings, that may have been used by such Person or Persons.

Case II. — For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bond side kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in Training for any of the said rurposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons.

The said Duty in the Case lad mentioned to be charged annually on the Proprietor or Proprietors or on thd Person or Persons having the Custody, Care, or Management of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

EXEMPTIONS to the Duties contained in the foregoing Schedule.

Case I. — The King's Majesty, or any of the Royal Family.

Case II. — Any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioncn appointed to manage the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding let to hire by him or her in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable on Horses let to hire shall be duly answered and paid on each letting, and which shall not on any Occassion have been used by hint or her for any other Purpose.

Case III. — Any Person duly licensed to keep any Carriage whatever to be employed as a publiak Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for hire from different Places in Great Britain, in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, wnion is or mall be actually and^ (olely used and employed by such Person in drawing such Stage Coach or Carriage from Place to Place for hire.

Case IV. — Any Person licensed by the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, to* keep any Hackney Coach or Coaches, shall be exempted for all Horses, Mares, or Geldings, kept for the Purpose of drawing fych Coach from the Duties contained in this Schedule.

Case V. — Any Dealer in Horses, assessed to the Duties charged by the said Act, of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to such Dealer, and kept bond fde for Sale, and , .ot kept or used for any other- Purpose or in any other Manner.

' Case VI' — Any Person, who on Account of Poverty shall be discharged from the Assessment made on lii* or her Dwelling House in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, provided such Person shall not have kept tnore than One such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and the same shall not have been let to hire.

Case VII. — Any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, a&fially doing DTlty in the Church or Chapel of which he is Rector, Vicar, or Curate, and being the regular officiating MiniAer of the Parish or Place in which such Duty shall be performed, who shall not be possessed of an Income of Sixty Pounds per Annum or upwards, whether arising from Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, and who shall keep One Horse and no move, either for the Pur-

j>ofe of riding or drawing a Taxed Cart.

x N n 2 Cast

Additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain.

Foreign Salt imported 6t. Sd.

per Bfhuel Irish Salt imported 5*.

Salt made for Home Consumption in England 51.

In Scotland 21.

British Glauber Salr 5«,

Flux for Glas« 1 os.

Drawbacks on Exportation.

English Salt, (except Rock. Salt) 5a.

Epforo Salt 5s.

Scotch Salt (except Rock Salt) 2s.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be additional, and proportionate.

Weight of Bushel of Rock 651b. othe*

Salt jWb.

C. 13, 14. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Case VIII. — Any effective Officer commanding a Volunteer Corps claiming and returning his Exemption for such Number of Horses, Mares, or Gddiilg6, as, he shall hare been required to keep for His Majesty* 8 Service in such Corps, and no more, in the Manner required by the said last mentioned Act

Case IX. — Any Field Officer not being Commandant, and any Adjutant of any Volunteer Coijs, and any Person serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, or providing a Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for any other Person serving in any such Corps, who shall be returned in the Manner required by Law as effective, and as having used any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for such Service on the several Days of Muller and Exercise of such Corps: Provided in every such last mentioned Case the Exemption shall be claimed and returned in the Manner required by the said last mentioned Act, and a Certificate shall be delivered of such effective Service in the Manner required by the Eleventh Se6lion of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

Case X. — Any Non-commissioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry or 14, the Artillery* for any Horse uled in His Majesty's Service.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain.

[18th March 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of t! e United Kingdom of Great Bri-

4* tain and Ireland in Parliament asserrfbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, have freely and voluntirily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein-

after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it .may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after respectively mentioned; (that is to say),

For and upon every Bushel of Salt, which, on or after the Twenty-second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain (not being Irish Salt imported directly from Ireland), an additional Duty of Six Shillings and Eight-pence:

For and upon every Bushel of Irish Salt or In/h Rock Salt, or Irish Glauber or Irish Epsom Salt, which, on oc after the Twenty-second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, mall have been or shall be imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of Five Shillings:

For and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be or that shall have been made at any Salt Work* or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in England, and which, on or after the Twenty-second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be weighed, taken, or delivered for Home Consumption, an additional Duty of Five Shillings:

For and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be or that shall have been made at any Salt Work, or faised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland. and which, cm or after the Twenty-second Day of February Orte th6ufana eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be weighed, taken, or delivered for Home Consumption, an additional Duty of Two Shillings:

For and upon every Bushel of all Salt known or called by the Name of Glauber Salt or Epsom Salt, which, on or after the Twenty-second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be made or produced in Great Britain, an additional Duty of Five Shillings:

For and upon every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, which, on or after the Twenty-second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been or shall be made in Great Britain, an additional Duty 01 Ten Shillings.

II. And be it further enacted, That the following Drawbacks shall be allowed and paid in respect of the Duties by this Act granted; (that is to say).

For and upon every Bushel of Salt made \nEngland (Rock Salt excepted), for which all the Duties by this Act granted shall have been paid* oi^secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of Five Shillings;

For every Bushel of Salt called or known by the Name of Glauber Sail or Epsom Salt, made or produced ip Great Britain, for which all the Duties by this Act granted shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and - which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of Five Shillings;

For and upon every Bushel of Salt made in Scotland (Rock Salt excepted), for which all the Duties by this Act granted thereon shall have been paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, a Drawback of Two Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks, shall respectively be raised and allowed in Addition to all former Rates, Duties, and Drawbacks; and in all Cases where IJuties are granted or Drawbacks allowed by this Act on any specifick Quantity of Salt, the same shall in every Case be under-stood and deemed and taken to apply in the fagie Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greate? or less Quantity than such specifick Quantity.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Sixty-five Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Rock Salt (Hall be deemed-and taken to be a Bushel of Rock Salt; and that of every other Kind or Species of Salt, (uot being Rjock Salt), Fifty-six Pounds Weight A*oirdupoi$ ftl&ll be deemed and taken'to be a BuffieJ.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

I ij>*

277

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or beconflroed to extend, to Duty

charge with any Duty by this Act imposed, any Foreign or British Salt delivered or received for the sole Purpose of being used or employed in curing or preserving Fish, provided such Salt be imported, delivered, and or 1 C, ICI' received under, subject, and according to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions under which

Foreign or British Salt is delivered and received free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing or preserving Fish 5 any Thing contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act granted shall be paid by such Persons and Duties Hull h«

in such Manner, and at such Times, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, as are paid asunder contained in the several Acts of Parliament now in force relating to Duties on Salt. former A£*.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act granted as shall arise in that Part of Under Mamge-

Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the fp* of Corn-Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the roifliuneri of Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being. ICI c*

u On Contracts made before Feb. 22, 1805, for Salt to be delivered afterwards, the additional Duty may be " added to the Price, §8."

IX. And whereas great Frauds are committed by the Smuggling of Salt from Ireland into Great Britain; Salt 0*11 be

for remedy whereof be it further enacted, That no Salt shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain in any 'n, P°"ed from Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than one hundred Tons, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Salt, and of such Ship or Great Britain Vessel, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackel, and Apparel, which may and shall be only in Vessela fei/.cd by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise of 100 Tons;

X. And be it further enacted, That before any Salt shall be shipped from any Port or PIa£e in Ireland, either P<; na, ty> Fof-

to be carried Coastwise or for Exportation to Great Britain or any other Country, or for the Use of the Fisheries, .c*

or as Stores for the Use of the Mariners, or for any other Purpose or on any other Account whatsoever, the fa,

Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in or on board of which any such irciii*d for any

Salt is intended to be shipped, shall give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs of the Purpose

Port or Place in Ireland at which any such grit is ernssy be intended to be shipped, at least twelve Hours be- whatever.

fore the Shipping thereof, and shall specify in every such Notice the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and also of the Owner or Mailer thereof respectively, and the exact Quantity of Salt intended to be shipped, put, taken,

or laden on board, and the Port or Place to or for which such Salt is intended to be carried or exported, or the

particular Use or Purpose, (if not intended as Merchandize), to which the same is intended to be applied; and

such Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with at least one

ether Person, shall give good and sufficient Security by Bond in the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Buffiel

of Salt shipped, put, taken, or laden on board (which Security shall be first approved of by the Commissioners of

His Majesty's Customs in Ireland, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint or employ for that Pur- non(j for

pose, and which Bond or Security any Person or Persons so appointed or employed, is hereby authorized and Delivery, S$c.

empowered to take in His Majesty's Name), that the said Salt, and every Part thereof, if to be carried Coastwise,

or if intended for Exportation as Merchandize, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be duly

landed at the Port or Place specified in such Notice as aforesaid, and if not shipped as Merchandize, that it shall be duly applied to and for the Purposes expressed in such Notice; and that if shipped for Exportation to any

Port or Place in Great Britain, the Duties chargeable on the Importation of such Salt into Great Britain, shall be

duly and truly paid at such Port or Place respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs shall fumifhthe Master or Officer stall other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel in or on board of which any Salt shall be shipped in Ireland, hirnWh M.ifterr with a Certificate specifying the Name of the Master and Owner of such Ship, the Quantity of Salt shipped, ft[j

put, taken, or laden on board, the Name of the Port or Place to which the same is intended to be exported, or i^iTn^with

iif not intended as Merchandize) the particular Purpose for which the same was shipped or laden on board, the Certificate*, and )ay when and Place where shipped, and the Date of the Bond or Security entered into; and such Officer shall shall transmit also, within three Days after the failing of any Ship or Vessel with Salt on board, transmit by the Pod to the pro- Duplicate* to per Officer of the Port in Ireland, or to the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, as the Case may ^f^EVcife^ require, an exact Duplicate of such Certificate as aforesaid; and if any Person shall carry or put on boahi any &c.

Ship or Vessel in any Port, Harbour, Creek, or other Place in Ireland, any Salt, exceeding in the whole Quantity the Proportion of two Pounds Weight for each Seaman, or other Person employed in such Ship, without giving Penalry for s such N >tice, and entering into such Bond or Security as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit One }andlfimoriTSall hundred Pounds, together with all the Salt so shipped or put on board contrary to the true Intent and Meaning than^JbrcacK* of this Act, which Salt shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise. Seamnnj without

Nwice and Bond, tool, and Forfeitlne, Sec

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Customs who(e Duty it may be to receive the Penalty on Notices, or to take the Bond or Security, or tofumish or give the Certificate, or transmit the Duplicate thereof Officer for by this Act required for or in respect of Salt shipped, put, taken, or laden, on board any Ship or Vessel in Ire- Negle£ cf land, shall connive at any Fraud or Evasion of the Rule*: , Regulations, or Directions b/ this Act provided, or shall knowingly or wilfully neglect or omit his Duty, or any Part thereof, as by this Act is required, every such n aP*CI y* Officer shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, and bie rendered incapable of ever after serving His Majesty in any Capacity whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any* Penalty on ex-Ship or Vessel with Salt shipped, put, taken, or laden, on board at any Port or Place in Ireland, and exceeding cceding me in the whole Quantity the Proportion of Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman or Marine, shall not produce to Quanl, ty any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, the Certificate required by this Act, or shall have other Salt, 'cJr-

or a greater or less Quantity of Salt than shall be mentioned or described in fufch Certificate, and shall not prove Jificate, Sec. that the Quantity shall have been lessened or dimraished by any Enemy, or by Stress of Weather* or Storms at Sea, Forfeiture of

then

and

278 C. 14, 15,

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

No R' ck S ilt tc ictined iii Great Britain Ieyond Ten Miles from the Fit, or at rn-.lered R'jfti.er/.

*fc s.d* and the then and in even* such Case the Salt on board such Ship or Vessel, together with the Ship or Vessel having the Wild. same on board, together with her Gun6, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and

may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, that nothing in this E^'epti. n , to Ad shall extend, or be deemed or conlfrucd to extend, to make subject to Forfeiture any Salt or any Ship or

Vdf is r<£»i- Vesselhaving Silt on board, if such Ship or Vessel Hi all be regularly and usually fitted out from Ireland to be

lady fuied out employed in (idling, and shall (Wind and Weather permitting) be proceeding on her Voyage, in a direct Course, from ltd.ti.d for tjlc part where such Ship or Vessel shall be destined for catching Fish, and shall not be at Anchor, or hovering uear the Coast of Creal Britain, and shall not have in or on board the same more Salt than shall be necessary for faking and preserving such Quantity of Fish as maybe* reasonably expededto be thereafter taken by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel, on or during the particular Trip or Voyage in which such Ship or Vessel (halPbe then engaged or employed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Rock Salt shall be refined, or made into White Salt, at any Place

in Great Britain, exceeding the Distance of Ten Miles from the Salt Mine or Salt Pit, from which the Rock

Salt intended to be refined shall be raised or taken; save and except at such Works as shall have been duly entered for refining Rock Salt, and making the same into Y\ hjte Salt, within one Year previous to the passing of this Act, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and allowed as former Duties of Excise, §15. — Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, §16 — Account of the addi- lional Duties shall be kept for Ten Years and laid before Parliament, § J7. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §18."

CAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain, on the Amount of Asseflmfcntt to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Prose (lions, Trades, and Offices.

[18th March 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's must dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raffing the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the additional Duties herein after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5* and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual^ and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, throughout Great Britain, upon every Assessment to be made for any Year liiblequent to the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, an additional Duty alter the Rate of One Fourth Part of the net Amount of the Duty charged by such Assessment.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected under the Regulations of the same Acts respectively, as the Duty to be charged under the said Act; and the reftredive Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, who shall have made any Assessment under the fame, shall cause the Amount of the Duty hereby granted to be computed and added to the Assessment of the said former Duty; which Computation shall be made on the net Amount of each Assessment, after all Deductions, Abatements, and Allowances, authorized by the said Act, shall have been settled, subject neVcrtheless to a proportional Decrease of the Assessment under this Act by Certificate, in case the original Assessments under the said Act shall be liable to any Decrease on Occasion of such Certificate 5 and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act, or in any other Act for regulating the said Duty, or relating to the said Duty, now in force, or which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, as fully and effeduaUv to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and all and every the Regulations of such Ad shall be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to the Assessments made under this Act, in like Manner as if the said Regulations hlld been specially enacted in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where, upon Payment of any Sum of Money by way of Rent, Annuity, or other annual Payment, the Person or Persons paying the same shall be entitled to dedud the Duty charged thereon* under the said Act, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to make a further'* Deduction of One fourth Part thereof, in respect of the Duty granted by this Act.

IV. And whereas in the said recited Act it is enacted, that the Amount of Rents belonging to any Hofyital or Alms House shall be exempt from the Duties charged in Schedule (A.), be it enadea, That the Amount of the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments veiled in Trustees for charitable Purposes only, on Proof before the respective Commissioners, of the due Application of the said Rents and Profits to charitable Purposes only, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable Purposes only, shall be in like Manner exempt from the Duties imposed by this Act,

Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §5."

CAP. XVI.

Om every Ar-t ctTrner I m idc for any Year fuhft quest to.April 5, lS05, under 43 G. 3 c 122, there fh til be charged an additional Duty of One Fourth of the Amount of the Duty charged thereby.

Additional Duty shall be levied under the lame Regulations as the Duty granted by recited Act, &c.

Duty may be deduced from annual Payments.

Profiit of Premises veiled in Trutlccs for charitable Purposes exempted from Duty.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 16.

279

CAP. XVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[18th March 1805.] 'y

Number of Forces 135, 121, §1."

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by any Courts-martial, other than General Oaths to be ti km Courts-martial, which shall be held by virtue of this Act, or of any Articles of War established by His Majesty in pursuance thereof, every Member affilling at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had there-upon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, (which Oaths shall and may be administered General Courts-by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member, having first raaitul.) taken the said Oaths); that is to say,

YOU shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before

you 1

So help you GOD/

J A. 2$. do swear. That I will duly administ'er Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better

Government of His Majesty Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force, for the Punishment of Mut iny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or AfFeo

tion; and, if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles, or Act of Parliament, according 1 to my Confidence, the Best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases:

'So help me GOD.

And the President of every such Court-martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, or Brigade, or the Governor or Commander of the Garrison, Fort, CaiUe, or Barrack, directing such Court-martial.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers, Men, and Horses, belonging to His Majesty's Horse or DragoiJns, and also all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces, and also the Horses belonging to Staff and Field Officers in His Majesty's Forces when upon a&uftl Service* not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, shall and may be quartered and billetted in the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses,

Victuallin^r Houses, and other Houses in which Officers and Soldiers are by this Act allowed to be quartered and billetted, and that they shall be received and furnished by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vidudfling Houses, and other Houses in which they are so allowed to be quartered and billetted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for such Horses, paying and allow* ing for the same the several Rates hereiil-after mentioned, tabe payable'out of the Subsistence-money for Diet and Small Beer, and Hay and Straw for such Horses.

XLIX. And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and His Majesty's Duties of Excise better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the Payor Subsistence-money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, '01* otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum wdiich shall, from Time to Time, be paid, returned, or comedo his or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subffft-ence, give publick Notice thereof to all PerfortB keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are

- quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to, repair to their Quarters, at futh Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or Subsistence-money to the Officers or Soldiers, which shall be within Four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the fame, as aforesaid; and the said Innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such. Officer or Officers willt tJie Accounts or Debts (if any shall be) between them and the Officers and Soldiers so quartered in their

- respective Houses; wrhich Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or Soldiers: Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for a Commission Officer of Horse, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beery per Diem y Two Shillings; nor for One Commission Officer of Dragoons, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem,

One Shilling; nor for One Commission Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer's

Diet and Small Beer, per Diemy One 'Shilling; nor for one Light Horseman's Diet and Small Beer, per Dicmy Seven-pence 5 nor for one Dragoon's Diet and Small Beer, per Diemy Seven-pence; nor for one Foot Soldier's Diet and Small Beer, per Ditmy Five-pence 5 nor for each' Horse which shall be quartered under the Authority of this Act for Hay and Straw for such Horse, tocr Diem, Sixpence: And if any Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such Account stated, satisfy, content, and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were, (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer), the Paymaster or Paymaster of His Majesty's Guards Und Garfifons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorized (upoa Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Paymasters shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster or Paymasters, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymifter or Paymasters are hereby authorized and required to dedud the Sums he or they shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said

6 Justcei

Appointment of Prclulent, of such Courts-mauul.

Officer*, Men, and Horses, belonging to tliC Horic or Dragoons, and also B.it and B ggage Horses, how to be qu.uUrcd, &c.

CWEcerrfhUllgivr

Notice to Innkeepers of Sub-fifnnce*onry in the if Hand*

Rates of Sub-lirtence (h.tll be paid to Innkeepers, C3*r, for Soldiers Quarters.

Penalty on'

Officers not giving Notice, and not fancying Accounts*;

280

C. 16.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

On Non-payment of Quarters, tre < nhcer shall make up Accounts, CSV.

Justices, out of the next Pay or Subsistence-money of the Regiment- to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and such Officer or Officers shall, for every such Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or Subsistence-money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipfofaBo cadiicred: And where it shall happen that the Subsistence-money due to any Officer or Soldier shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Soldier, or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to pay the same, so that Ouar-Urs cannot be or arc not paid as this Act directs; and where any Horse, Foot, or Dragoons, shall be upon their March, so that no Subsistence can then be remitted to them, to make Payment as this Act directs, or they shall neglect to pay the same; in every such Case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer fnali, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts, as this Act directs, with every Person with whom such Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall have quartered, and sign a Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate, so by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Regiment, T.*oop, or Company, to which he or they shall belong; to the End the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the Paymaster of His Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, or to the Paymaster of the Marines, who are hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the End the same may be applied to such Regiment, Troop, or Company ref; - c.ivtly, under Pain as is before in this Act directed for Non-payment of Quarters.

LVI. And whereas in cor.fequer.ee of certain Exemptions from Toll, expressly allowed by several Acts S 'idlers, on«Of Parliament, for His Majesty's Forces on their March or on Duty, and for the Horses and Carriages attend-Duiy, and Car- < them, Doubts have arisen whether in all Cases not so exempted, the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages,

and Horses, Boat3, Barges, and other Vessels belonging to His Majesty or employed in Hrs Service, andreturning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment of Tolls therefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enacted and declared, That all His Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and their Horses, on Duty, or on the March, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, and also all Boats, Barges, and other Vessels belonging to His Majesty, or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of orbe-Tonging to His Majesty's Forces, and also the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipages, of or belonging to His Majesty's Forces on their Marches, or returning therefrom, were and are, and shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act of Parliament already made or hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horses, Carriages or Vessels, passing Turnpike Road9, Bridges, Rivers, Canals, or Locks; unless by such Act it has been or shall be expressly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carriages, Horses and Vessels, are and shall be liable equally with others to the Duties and Tolls therein authorized to be demanded and taken.

EXV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, when and as often as any

Officer* ard

riagts employed in His Majesty's Service, exempted fr./ra Payment of

Toii*,

vnless where it is exprefiiy provided That they arc liable.

Persons baflily inlisting may be

to Atr^a^on*1* ^cr^on or Persons shall he inlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in His Majesty's Land Service, he or they shall, within on returning*Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such Inlisting respectively, be carried before some inlisting Money, Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corand paying io».; norate residing or being next to, or in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person or Persons shall have Mon*0* within*)een inlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magistrate he or they i^H^LirTfliaUbe he at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such Inlisting; and, upon such Declaration, and returning deemed inlisted. the Inlisting Money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such Person or Persons lo inlisting shall be forthwith discharged and set at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or Chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or 6. of the themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, orn own Presence cause to be read over, to such Person or Persons the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second-Session, and the First Article of the Sixth Session of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons respectively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articl?s of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) 5 and if such Person or Persons shall take the said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlisting and swearing together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling, if known, of such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), except in the Case of Recruits inlisted to serve either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces Recruit* inlisted of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, in pursuance of an Act passed in the under 39 Geo. 3. Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, 'intituled, an Act for letter recruiting the Forces of the East India talTlndieV shall Company in which Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Oath of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A)to this Act annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (C.); and the Justice or Chief Magistrate shall certify such Inlistment and Swearing accordingly in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D); and it any such Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons until he or they shall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inflicted upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied or recovered.

3 LXVII. And

On Inlistment, Justice* shall read over to them Article* 3. 4. of Session x. and Article 1. of Section Article* and administer the Oath of Fidelity, and the Oath in Schedule (A.) and certify In — liftment in the Form in Schedule (B),

take Oath of Allegiance, in Schedule (C.), and Justice* shall certify Inlistment in the Form Schedule (D)Persons refusing to take Oafh of Fidelity, may be confined. Penalty oa Officer*.

C. 16

281

LXVII. And be it further pna&ed, That if any Person, duly bound as an Apprentice, shall enlist as a Apprentice* in-Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall take the Oath mentioned in the.Schedule to this Act annexed, liHi iganritik.ng marked (A.), every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, fhalibe and is hereby declared Schedule

to be fubied and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in being any Persons convicted of wilful yg' lubie^cd

- J^. f 1.r\ J I. VI a.'of.tu Penates

ana corrupt I erjury are subject and liable to of Perjuey.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer shall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who shall, tocf§m

after the passing of this Act, enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Sen-ice, unless, such Mailer shall within tiiK- them to One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have absconded or left his Service, go before some Justice of the cUim Appren-Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule t'c« s (Hill to this Act annexed, marked (E.), and produce the Certificate of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to Juh^oJc'give in the Form and Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.) M »mh mu r a premiers

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person whatever, except an Apprentice, No Person, who has enlisted or shall enlist himself into His Majesty's Service as a Soldier as aforesaid, shall be liable to e*cpt an Ap-be arrested or takes out of His Majesty's Service by reason of the Warrant of any Magistrate or Magifbates ^uken o^t*of on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Master or Employer the service fjr whatsoever. Br-.ch of Comratf of Service.

LXXI. And whereas several Soldiers, being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and are often found Justice* way wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service, ' it is hereby further enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where trtcl$* any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend, or cause such suspected Person to, be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hatn hereby power to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more How tlicy (h*H Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found conveyed

that such suspected Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs, a, ui kpu

such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or the House of Correction, or other publick Prison, in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Marshal in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being, in Londont or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland* to the Chief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors thereof, to the End that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any Time be confined, shall receive such Subfillence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty's Regulations is or shall from Time to Time be directed in that Behalf, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of the Imprisonment of such Deserter; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or other publick Prison, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine such Deserter while on the Road from the Place where l\e was apprehended to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, either by Warrant of the said Justice, or by Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on Account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserter 5 any Law, Usage, or Cu!lom» to the contrary notwithstanding.

Continuance of Act, 25th March i8oj, 5cc." §101.

' Schedule (E.)

FORM OF MASTER'S OATH.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture,

dated the Day of for the Term of Years5 and, that the said

did on or about the Day of abscond and qyit-my Service without my Consent, and that, to

the best of my Knowledge and Belief, the said is aged about Years.

Witness my Hand, at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this. Day'

of

and

One thousand eight hundred

11

nt. i

Schedule (F.)

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

A.B. One ofhi?. Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, Tim

to wit.*of came before me at the Day cf

One thousand eight hundred and and made Oath, That he was by Trade a and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade by Indenture,

dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of ' abscond and quit the Sen ice

of the said without his Confect, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years, A.B.

[In all RespeBs, except the Sections herein-lcforc given at length, this Mutiny AB is the same as former Mutiny A&e inutatis mutandis. — See 43 Geo. 3. c. 20. and the References there,]

45 Geo. III. Oo ^AP

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

282 C. 17, 18.

CAP. XVII.

Oath* shall be taken by Members of Oivi-iional Courts-martial, &c.[.«. tht Oaths »f of

General Courts-martial.]

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[2id March 1805.]

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by any divisional Courts-martial which shall be held by virtue of this Act, or of any Articles of War established in pursuance thereof, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the Oaths herein after mentioned* upon the Holy Evangelists, (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the Pelident of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member having first taken the said Oaths), and the President of every such Court-martial, (not being under the Rank of a Captain shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Division directing such Court-martial j and every such divisional Court-martial is hereby authorised and directed to administer an Oath to every Witness that shall appear before them.

Persons receiving Inlisting Money absconding or refusing to go before a Magistrate shall be deemed u inlisted, §56. [As §58. of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 11.] — Apprentice inlisting as a Royal Marine, and takings the Oath in Schedule (A.), subjected to Pains of Perjury, §57. — Masters claiming Apprentices shall take the Oath in Schedule (B.), §58. 45 G. 3. c. 16. §67, 68.] — Continuance of Act, 25th March

44 i8c6, " §6j.

Schedule (A.) Form of Oath on Inlifiment. [As in Schedule (A.) to 41 G. 3. (U.K.) V. 11.]"

Schedule (B.) and (C.) Form of Master's Oath and Justices Certificates, [As in Schedules (E.) and (F.) 44 to 45 G. 3. c. 16.]"

[In all other RespeSs this Act is the same as former Mutiny Acts for the Marines. — See 43 G. 3. c. 27. and the

References there.]

44 G. 3. c. 26.

44 G. 3.

44 G. 3- '-67.

After 15th March 1805, there shall be paid in Ireland the Duties on Importation under Schedules A.and B.

On Exportation under Schedule C. On Entries and Ships under Schedule D. Drawbacks ia Schedules A. and

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six* certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods* Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties.

[25th March 1805.]

1 \\7HERAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for chargings until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, IVares, and Merchandizes, imported into and exported from Ireland;

and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in tteu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks; and by another Act, also made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for charging, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jive, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Goods, IVares, and Merchandize therein mentioned,

1 being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the fevered Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufacture of Ireland; certain Duties on Importation and Exportation, and certain Drawbacks on Exportation, and also certain Bounties or Allowances on Exportation and Importation, into and from Ireland, of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Manufactures, as in the said Acts mentioned, were (among other Things) granted and allowed, for the Term, by the said Acts limited and appointed: And whereas the Duties and Drawbacks granted and allowed by the said two recited Acts, upon certain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the said Acts'mentioned, were altered

and increased by another Act made in the said last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jive, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, IVares, and Merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits,

Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency; for the Term by the said last mentioned Act limited and appointed; And whereas the Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, and Allowances, now payable under and by virtue of the said several Acts,

will expire and be determined immediately after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five 5 and it is expedient that certain Duties and certain Drawbacks in respect thereof, and certain Bounties and Allowances, should be granted and allowed instead of the said Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties;

and Allowances, so expiring as aforesaid : 9 May it therefore please your Majesty that* it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout Ireland unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the Schedules respectively marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, and upon the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as mentioned and set forth in the Schedule .marked (C.) hereunto annexed 5 and upon certain Entries, Inwards and Outwards, in the Port of Dublin, and upon certain Ships or Vessels trading to Ireland, mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (D.) hereunto annexed, the several Rates and Duties, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules marked (A.), (B.), (C.), and (D.); and that there shall be paid and allowed upon the Exportation from Ireland of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize* mentioned and set forth in the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.), the several Drawbacks of the said Duties inserted, set forth, and described in Words and Figures in the said Schedules respectively; and upon the Exportation from and Importation

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 18. 283

into Ireland^ the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, described in the Schedule marked (E)hereunto annexed, there shall be paid and allowed the several Bounties and Allowances as the fame' are set forth and described in Words and Figures therein mentioned,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Rates and Duties mentioned and set forth in the said several Schedules respectively marked (A.), (B.), and (C.), shall be respectively paid down net in ready Money without any Discount or Allowance whatsoever, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Customs*, Subfiaies, and Duties whatever payable in Ireland under and by virtue 6f any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force there, by any Person, upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; except such Duties as have been or shall or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes by the Acts by which the said Duties are or shall be granted and imposed, or by any other Act or Acts.

u Act shall not compel Proprietors to pay Duties on landing Goods which may by Law be warehoused, 6 3. u [as §4 of Geo. 3. c. 26.]M x

IV. Provided alfct. That in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been secured in His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, "and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous during the Continuance of this Act of taking any such Goods out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being uled or consumed in Ireland; then and in such Case the Duties imposed by this Act shall be payable thereon, notwithstanding such Goods may have been imported into Ireland, or bonded before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any Goods to be delivered from such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, unless such Goods could have been lawfully so delivered before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, nor unless the Duties for which such Goods had been detained in such Warehouse shall have been fully paid and discharged.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend* or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, by which any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland\ exported from Ireland to Great Britain, are respectively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Customs or Excise, whether Countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks or Bounties are allowed or given in respect of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; Save and except as to the Countervailing or other Dutiei and Drawbacks granted by the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and which are or may be altered by this Act, or have been or may be altered by any other Act or Acts made or to be made in pursuance of the Provisions in the said Acts of Union for that Purpose.

VI. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the increased Duties imposed on Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, or on the Materials of which they may be composed, increased countervailing Duties

should be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, de- feribed, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.) being the Growth, Produce, or Manufac-

ture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased Duties in Ireland be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, set forth, and described in the Schedule marked (F.) the several countervailing Duties therein m Figures respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all countervailing Duties whatever, payable.on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act; and that upon the Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of Ireland, to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same.

VII. And whereas it was, in and by the Sixth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, among

other Things, provided and declared, that Salt and Hops should pay, on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, Duties not exceeding those which were then paid on Importation into Ireland: And whereas it is expedient to grant certain Duties on the Importation into Ireland of such Salt and Hops, in lieu of such Duties as may

be payable on the same under and by virtue of any Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made previous to the said Acts of Union, or any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain of Salt and Hops being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, the several and respective Duties following; (that is to say 1,

For and upon every Bufiiel of White Salt, weighing Fifty-six Pounds, the Sum of Two Shillings Irish Currency j For and upon every Ton of Rock Salt, containing Forty Buffiels, each Bushel weighing Sixty-five Pounds, the Sum of Three Pounds Irish Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, the Sum of One Penny Farthing Irish Currency:

O02 Ami

Bounties urtdex Schedule E.

The said Duties on Importation and Exportation shall be in lieu of all former Dutir*, except local Duties.

Duties shall be paid on Goods taken our of Warehouses, foe which the Duties have not been paid, though imported before March 25, 1805.

Saving of A&t for Union of Great Britain and Ireland,

E39 & 4oG* 3 c. 67.

40 0. V

(I.) c. 3* ]

Except as to Countervailing Duties Hcertaia-«d by this or aay Act in pursuance of Acts of*Union.

Countervailing; Duties on British Goods imported into Ireland in Iku of former Countervailing Duties; (See Schedule F.)

Equivalent Countervailing Drawbacks on IriQi Goods to Great Britain.

Duties on Salt and Hops (according to Provisions of Union A«fU) imported from Great Britain.' viz. White Salt i>. Irish per Bushel, Rock Salt 3l. liifh per Ton, Hops 1 Id. Iriik per Ik.

284.

Drawback on Hops*

Daly on Coals

(according to Di ioti \f\ % ) imported info Ireland from Great Britain, is. 9d. L ilk Ton.

Drawback.

'Continuance of Duties upon American Goods.

4' G- ? (U.K0e.9s.

How Value of Goods paying Duly oJ valorem on Importation nr Exp*irtation shall be

'afee rrained.

Vix. as under the Dir-<flions of 40 G. 3. (.1) c. 43. \ 98, 99, respe^ing Good* imported, w any Ad to be made*

No Duties shall be paid on Importation of Goods dated to be Duty free in the Schedules. Due Entry being made.

Drugs for Dyers Use may be imported Dufy .free. [See §17.J

C, i8i 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

And that there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of such Hops from Ireland a Drawback of all the Duties actually paid thereon.

VIII. And whereas it was, in and by the said Sixth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland* among

other Tilings, provided and declared, that Coals on Importation into Ireland from Great Britain should be sub- jest to Burthens not exceeding those to which they Were then subject: And whereas it is expedient to grant certain Duties on the Importation into Ireland of tuch Coals, in lieu of such Duties as may be payable on the fame under and by virtue of any Act of the Parliament of Ireland* made previous to the said Acts of Union, or

' any other Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act 59 be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Twenty .fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall he raised, levied, collected, and paid uato His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain of Coals, being the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, for and upon every Ton of such Coals, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine.pence Irish Currency 5 and that there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of such Coals from Ireland a Drawback of all Duties actually paid thereon.

u Cambricks, Lawns, and Gold and Silver Lace imported, except of the Manufacture of Great Britain, shall be

forfeited, with the Vessel, §9[as § of 44 G. , 3. c. 26.]"

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act as relates to the Duties imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the United States of America* and inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto'annexed, marked (B.) shall continue in force during the Continuance of an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to facilitatetheTrade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce* and Navigation % between His Majesty and the said States, and no longer.

4' 2 2d. per lb. of Duty on Tobacco, and 7, 3001. of Duty on Teas, shall be carried to Account of Heredi- tary Revenue, $11. [as §9of 44 G. 3 £.26.]"

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Duties by this Act, or any of the Schedule* hereunto annexed, imposed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into or from Ireland* are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and estimated at the actual Price thereof, with the Addition of Freight and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever, exclusive of the Duties paid or payable by Law on any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or on the Importation or Exportation thereof respectively; and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this Act is provided) by the Oath of the Importer, Exporter, or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are or may be prescribed, directed, and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Collision of His Majesty's Revenue* and for preventing of Frauds therein; and for repealing an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled* 4 An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue; and for the more effectually preventing the Frauds therein*9 and the several A3s and Statutes which are mentioned to be continued by this Act; and by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful fer the Officer or Officers of the Revenue to cause the same to be detained; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be dealt with, and the several Officers of the Revenue shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed or to be prescribed by the said last recited i\ft, or by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

41 Ascertaining Value of Prize Goods imported paying Duty ad valorem* §1 3. — How Prices of Teasand Value of East India Goods rated ad valorem, shall be ascertained, §14 [ru §11 and 12 of 44 G. 3. c. 26.]'*

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be paid on the Importation of any of the Articles specified in this Act, or in any of the Schedules thereto, to be Duty-free on Importation into Ireland; provided that due Entry of all such Goods be made in the Custom-House of the Port in Ireland where such Goods shall bee, imported, expressing and setting forth in every such Entry the particular Marks and Numbers of the Packages in which any such Goods shall be imported, with the Quantities and Qualities, and Particulars thereof, and in the same Manner and Form as Entries are legally to be made in Ireland in Cases of Importation of Goods subject Jo Duty; and that such Goods shall be landed at the Places and Times required by Law, and in the Presence of the proper Officer, and by him examined and discharged, otherwise such Goods shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of the Revenue.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, under and subject to the Proviso herein after contained, the Articles herein after mentioned and specified shall and may be imported into Ireland without Payment of the Duties imposed thereon by this Act; (that is to say),

Alum.

Annotto.

Antimonium Cmdum. Aquafortis.

Archelia.

Argol.

Arienic.

Bark.

Barr Wood*

Bernes of all Sorts. Reed Canes.

Cobalt or Zaffre. Cochineal.

Fustick.

Green Copperas. Galls.

Gum Cashew. Hemlock.

Indigo.

Iron Liquor.

Ihnglass.

Juice of Lemons, of Limes, and of Oranges.

Lignum Vitae.

Logwood.

Madder of all Sorts.

Rock Moss.

Nicaragua

285

45° GEORGII III.

C. 18.

Nicaragua Wood.

Oil oi Vitroil,

Octal.

Orel clia.

Pomegranate Peels.

Red or Gni.ua Wood.

Regnlus of any Sort.

Saccharum Saturni, or Sugarof Lead.

Safflower, Saunder'a Wood, Red,

White, or Yellow.

Shumac, or Sumac.

Soft Soap.

Tornfal, or Turnsole.

Turmeric.

Valonia.

Common Verdegris.

And all Drugs whatever to be imported into Ireland for the Purpose of being actually used for dying within Ireland.

Weld.

Brazil and Braziletto, or Fernara* buco Wood.

Cam Wood.

Sweet Wood.

Green Woad.

Tholouse Woad.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Importer of any of the said Articles herein-before mentioned and specified shall make due Entry thereof at the Port of Importation, and shall at the same Time givr Security by Bond to His Majesty, with one or more sufficient Surety or Sureties, to be approved of by the Collectoi and Comptroller of the Didrift in which such Importer resides, (which Bond such Collector is hereby authorized to take for His Majesty's Use in a sufficient Penalty), conditioned for the Payment by such Importer, of the Duties by this Act imposed upoiv such Articles, within Eighteen Months after the Date of such Bond; tog' ther with a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Y^ar, on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Time of the Entry of such Article until the Time or the Payment of the said Duties; cr that such Importer shall, within the said Eighteen Months, make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, that such Article has been actually fold and disposed of for the Use of Dyers and Manufacturers in Ireland, and has been actually used and consumed in dying or manufacturing within Ireland.

XVIII. And whereas the Inhabitants of the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sari, and Alderney, are by-Law*permitted and allowed to import into Great Britain, any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of those respective Isles, (other than Salt) 11 non Certificates from the respective Governors, Lieutenant or Deputy Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, and Oaths before the Magift rates of the said Iffands of Jersey and Guernsey respectively, that the same are of the Growth* 4 Produce, and Manufacture of the said Islands or either of them, without paying any Customs, Subsidies, or 4 'Duties for and in respect thereof: And whereas it is expedient to grant such Permission with respect to the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Islands, into Ireland, as is herein after mentioned; 9 be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Inhabitants shall and may (with and under such Certificates and Oaths as aforesaid) import any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (other than Salt), of the Growth, Produce, and .Manufacture of the said Islands or either of them, into any Port in Ireland, into which Goods of like Nature or Quality may be lawfully imported, without paying any greater or other Duties for and in respect thereof, than such Duty as 19 now or shall hereafter for the Time being be due and payable for the like Goods if imported from Great Britaia into Ireland 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Foreign Goods, 5cc. or Salt from Jersey, not exempted, §19. [zr/ §15. of 44 G. 3. c. 6.]'*

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Fish of every Kind or Sort whatever, of British or Irish taking and curing, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or in any of the, Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, which now belong, or at the Time of building such Vessels or Ships did Txrlcng, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and wholly belonging to and owned by His Majesty's Subjects, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be imported into Inland, in Ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty whatever; any Thing in this Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, That before such Fish shall be admitted to Entry, the Mister or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported, shall make Oath before the ColUftor or Comptroller of the Revenue, at the Port of Importation, (who. is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath), that such Fish was actually caught, taken, and cured, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Whale Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Fish or Seals, or other Creatures, taken or caught in any Part of the Ocean, by Subjects of His Majesty, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Mao, in Ships or Vessels built in any Part of the United Kingdom or the said Islands, owned, registered, and navigated according to I.aw, shall and may, fix>m and after the passing of this Act, be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed or> such Articles of British Ciiluivj or catching, provided that Proof be made that the said Articles were actually caught and taken by the Crew of the VtlTel in which they are import'd, by the Oath of the Master of such Vessel, that the same were hor.d side so caught and taken: And provided always, that a Log Book shall be constantly kept on board such Ship or Vessel, in which Log Book the various Situations and Occurrences respecting such Ship or Vessel, during the whole Course of the Voyage, shall be inserted every Day, and particularly the Times when such Ship or Vessel shall have been in Sight of Land, distinguishing what Lana and the Bearings thereof, and the supposed Distances therefrom, and the Soundings, and also the Time when* and the Latitude in which any Whale or other Creature living in the Sea shall have been killed,

*1 taken*

Fmpo*terj of Di ugs (halt gi\*e.B jnd to pay the Doty, or ptove tjut they were toed in Dying* &c.

Goods the Produce of Jersey, See. (except, i-alt), may be imported ns like Goods from Great Brit tin.

[ See Britrjk siclt 3 G. I. c. 4. f. J. 7.

*rtd 5 G. I.

C. |8. f. II.}

Fish of British or Irish taking and curing may he imported Duty flee.

Master shall make CLth on Entry, th: t Fish was so takca and cured,

Rrgulation* under which Produce of Cteatures taken in any Part of the Ocean by Subjects may he entered on Foment of Duty, as of British hshing: vix. Proof t f their beirg so r*kei, and producing the Log Book of the Slip, &c. c.

C. i8.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Oil or Blubber of fish caught at Newfoundland) by Subjects residing there, may be entered on Payment of Duty, as on Articles of Newfoundland, of Burith hilling, on certain Conditions.

FWh OH, fee. directly from Newfoundland may be bonded.

How Drawbacks

and Bounties shall be paid, under 44 G. 3. c. 26. and this Act.

No Drawbacks unless Good* expoited within Three Years,

rnd Drawbacks claimed within 7 wo Years after.

taken, or caught, by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel; which Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command cf such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of his making a Report of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector or Comptroller at the Port in Ireland where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, for his inspection and Examination; and the said Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, or Vessel, together with the Mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on Oath, the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector or Comptroller, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same.

XXIII. And whereas it is expedient that Oil or Blubber of Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects, carrying on the said Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein, should be admitted 1 to Entry on Payment of the like Duty as if caught and taken wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from His Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions; 9 be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all such Oil or Blubber shall be admitted to Entry, on Payment of the Duty by this A6\ imposed on Train Oil or Blubber of Newfoundlaml of British Fishing, notwithstanding such Oil or Blubber of Fish, or Creatures living in the-Sea, shall have been caught and taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from and residing in the said Island: Provided always, that before any such Oil or Blubber shall be admitted to Entry as aforesaid, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which any such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to the Collector or Comptroller, at the Port in Ireland into which such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer m Newfoundland, or if there shall not be any Naval Officer, then under the Hand and Seal of the Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships flationedthere, teflifying that Oath has been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required in such Case to administer the same) by the Person or Persons who actually caught the Fish, or Creatures living in the Sea, from which the Oil or Blubber, mentioned in such Certificate was produced, that such Oil or Blubber was really and bond side the Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from the said Island and residing therein; and provided such Master or other Person having or taking the Charee or Command of the Ship or Vessel, so importing such Oil or Blubber, shall also make Oath before such Collector 01 Comptroller, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same), that the Oil or Blubber so imported are the same Oil or Blubber mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor* or Consignee of any Fish Oil or Blubber, Seal Skins, or other Produce of the British Newfoundland Fishery imported into Ireland, directly from the Island of Newfoundland, to warehouse the same in Ireland, and to give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety in the Penalty of Treble the Amount of the Duty on such Fish Oil, or other Produce as aforesaid, with Condition that such Fish Oil, or other Produce of the said Fishery, shall be duly exported from Ireland\ within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, or that the Duties by this Act imposed oa the Importation thereof shall be paid on the same being taken out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption, or within such Twelve Calendar Months, which Bond mall be taken by the Collector or Comptroller of the Revenue at the Pbrt of Importation, who is hereby authorised and required to take such Bond.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks granted, allowed, and made payable under and by virtue of the said recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchantmen imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacisy shall remain and continue payable wdth respect to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, which shall have been imported into /re/am/before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five* and which shall have paid the Duties imposed by the said last-recited Act, and no more, and which shall, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, be exported from Ireland; and that all Drawbacks allowed or made payable upon the Exportation horn Ireland of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Articles, Matters, or Things whatsoever, which shall have been or shall be imported into Ireland, and all Bounties and Allowances whatsoever, shall, without any Fee or Dedu6lion, be paid by the several Collectors at the respective Ports of Exportation within one Calendar Month after the same shall be lawfully demanded, out of any Money arising out of any Duties by them colle£led: Provided always, that no Drawback or Allowance whatsoever shall be paid or allowed, unless the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which the same shall be claimed, be exported within Three Years from the Importation thereof, the said Three Years to be reckoned from the Day on which Entry shall have been made of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, nor unless due Proof be made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Entry of -such Goods, and of the Payment of the Duties in respect of which such Drawbacks shall be respectively claimed j and that no Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance whatsoever, shall be paid on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Articles, Matters, or Things, exported from Ireland, unless all Reauifites shall have been performed, which by any Law now in force, or at any Time hereafter to be in force in Ireland, or by any Regulations made or to be made by the Chief Commissioners of Customs in Ireland, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, are or at any Time shall be required to be performed for obtaining such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance respectively, nor shall any Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance be paid, unless the Proofs necessary for obtaining the lame be made, and the Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance, be claimed* within Two Years from the Time of shipping the Goods for Exportation.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 18.

287

faifilired (except to Great Britain, ) is. 2d. per lb.

No Duty except A lunge Hi all l*-pajd on Exportation of Infix Produce, not mentioned in

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed for any Goods, Wares, or n0 Drawback

Merchandize, Articles, or Things whatsoever, which shall be exported from Ireland to the Islands of Faro or shall be allowed Ferro, on Goods exported to I fie of Faro.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of Drawbacks and His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for ififcontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation Bounties on

of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, pidd un-

other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof; and of the several Acts made for continuing and amending the dc) ., q^fame; the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of the several Sorts of Sugar in the said Acts mentioned, c. 17. and v* shall be allowed and paid, subject nevertheless to the Regulations, Provisions, and Directions in the said recited amending Acts, Acts and in this Act mentioned and contained. whl, en force*

u Drawback of all Duty on Wines forUleof Officers of the Navy, §28. [as §24 of 44 G, 3. c. 26.]"

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, which shall be exported Drawbacks on thence to any Place except to Great Britain, there shall be allowed, by way of Drawback or Compensation for Exportation of the Duty by this Act charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excise Duty charged thereon by Law, the Sum of One Shilling and Two-pence for every Pound Weight of such manufactured Tobacco, upon Proof being duly made that such manufactured Tobacco paid the Import and Inland or Excise Duties payable by Law thereon.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Cullom, Subsidy, or Duty whatever (except the Alnage Duties)

shall be payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture ot Ireland, other than such' Duties upon Exportation as are mentioned in the said Schedule marked (C.) to this Act annexed; provided that due Entry be first made of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as shall be entitled to be exported Duty free, at the Custom House of the Port where the same shall be exported, which Entry shall express the Quantity and Quality and Schcdu'e C. the Particulars of each Denomination of the Goods so to be exported, and the Particulars and Contents of each Due Entry, &c. Package in which such Goods are exported, and shall be made in all Respects in the same Manner as the Laws to be m.idc of in force may require in respect of any Goods exported from Ireland; and io as the same be shipped at the Places j*11 Good I r and Times required by Law, and in Presence of the proper Officer, and be by him examined; and so as that the

Exporter of any Goods the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland do first make Oath, or if a known Quaker, a solemn Affirmation, before the Collector or Comptroller, which Oath or Affirmation they are severally hereby required and empowered to administer, that such Goods are of Irish Manufacture or Produce, or both, as the Case may be; and in Default of performing such respective Requisites or any of them, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue. u Drawback on the Exportation of Spirits (except to Great Britain), §31." [as §16. 44 Geo. £.67.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That over and above the said Drawbacks on all Spirits diddled in Ireland\ Bounty on Curn and which shall be shipped for Exportation, except to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and paid to the Spirit*, when Person or Persons exporting Spirits made and diddled from Malt, made of Com of the Growth or Produce of£0*0 ill^t Ireland, when the Price of Barley in Ireland, as ascertained in the Manner specified in an Act passed in Ireland Barrel, 4d" per in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Com GnlJon.

Trade, promoting Agriculture, and providing a regular and Jlcady Supply of Corn in this Kingdom, and for granting 23 & 24 G. y. to His majesty. His Heirs and Successors, the Duties therein mentioned, or by any Act for amending the same, shall not (I.) c. ig. exceed Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, a Bounty of Four-pence for every Gallon of such Spirits out of the Duties

hereby granted; but under the same Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Securities, Exceptions,

restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are enacted with respect to the Bounties on Corn exported.

XXXIII. And be it further enadle4, That there shall be paid to every Person who shall export Malt from Drawback on Ireland, on which the Duty payable thereon shall have been fully paid and satisfied, a Drawback of all Duty

charged and actually paid thereon; and to every Person who shall export Strong Beer or Ale from Ireland, a P

Drawback or Allowance of Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Farthing for every Thirty two Gallons of such On Beer, Strong Beer or Ale in lieu of all former Drawbacks and Allowances thereon; which Drawback shall be paid by the Collector of the Port from which such Malt or Beer or Ale shall be exported, out of any Money in his P" Barrel. Hands: Provided that no such Drawback shall be paid, or Allowance of Duty made, unless the Persons respectively who export such Malt or Beer or Ale shall have performed such Requisites, and complied with such Regulations and Restrictions as are required to be performed and observed byrersons expo rting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the Came.

Bounty of is. Qd. per Barrel on Beer exported, when the Price of Barley (under 23, 24 G. 3. (I.) c. 19.) is under i^s per Barrel, §34." [See 44 G. 3. c. 28. $ 5.]

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of Glass Bottles, or of any Paper or Drawback on Paper Hangings respectively made in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback, equal in Amount Export of GUfi to the Whole Duties of Excise on the said Articles respectively, upon Proof being duly made, that such Bot-ties, Paper, or Paper Hangings respectively shall have paid the several Excise Duties thereon, in respect of |"angingf.

- dl be r1-2 — J

which such Drawback shall be claimed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of any Hidesnd Skins and Pieces of Drawback on Hides and Skins tanned or dressed in Oil in Ireland, or of any Vellum or Parchment made in Ireland, on Leader id. which the Duties charged by Law on the Manufacture thereof shall have been paid, there shall be allowed r ll?* and repaid to the Person or Persons exporting the same respectively, a Drawback of One Penny on every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins; and a Drawback ° u 1»equal to the Duties charged on all such Vallum and Parchment by Lav/, and actually paid thereon; and upon the Exportation of any such tanned Leather manufactured in Ireland into Goods and Wares of tanned Leather only, or of which such tanned Leather is the most valuable Part, there shall be allowed and repaid a Drawback of One Penny Halfpenny on every Pound Weight Avoirdupois,

*3 Rcfi^ue

on LfjnVer

Mar u f.t (Hue# id} }Ul lb.

as. 66. Duty, &c. on Entries in Port of Dublin, and id. Duty on Tiadif g Ships, shall he paid into the Exchequer. 66. thereof applicable to Dublin Royal Exchange, and Remainder to Corporation for Commercial Buildings.

Duiies not otherwise appropriated, shall lie carried to Irish Consoli-<lated Fund; as also Fee* pay-aide at the Irish Exchequer.

All Duties under this Act shall be collected as under Excise Act, 14 & ic C. a. c. 8.

Duties shall be paid in Proportion to the Quantity,

and in British

Cuticney.

Except on Raw ur Thrown SI*, un<! Foreign ban, &c.

Ail Powt tof this Act applied to Recovery of Arrears of tormer Dunes.

Act may be altered or tcpcakd hisiefTnm.

C. 18. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

u Residue of Duties on rfidcs exported, £f1c. applicable to encouraging raising of Flax Seed, §37. — Duties,

" &c. applicable to Linen Manufactures, exempt from Fees, §38. [as $ 38, 39 <?/* 44 G. 3. c. 26.]"

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to arise from the respective Duties of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and Two-pence, in the said Schedule marked (D.J mentioned, upon Entries Inwards and Outwards, in the Port of Dublin, and upon certain Ships and Vessels traaing to Ireland, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland for the Time being shall cause Sixpence of the said Duties of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the said Schedule mentioned to be paid to the Trustees of the Royal Exchange in the City of Dublin, to be by them applied towards keeping the lame in Repair, and towards the Discharge of the Wages of Servants employed therein; and the Residue of the said Duties of Two Shillings and Sixpence, to the Corporation for erecting Buildings for Commercial Purposes, to be by them applied towards the Discharge of the Interest of such Monies as have been borrowed, or shall be borrowed, not exceeding in the Whole, in any one Year, the Sum of Thirteen thou-, land Pounds, for erecting and fiuishing the said Buildings, and towards discharging the Principal, and to and V for no other Purpose, to be accounted for before the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland.

XL. j$uid be it further enacted, That all and every the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and not hereby appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular Use or Uses, Purpose or Purposes, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted, shall be carried to and be Part of the Coufoli-dated Fund of Ireland \ and that the Sum of Sixpence per Pound, and all other Fees which shall or may be payable to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer o I Ireland* Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the said Consolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

" No Fees on Payment of Interest or Annuities, §41, [cu §43. 0/44 G 3. c. 36.]" "

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all t)ie fevn-al Duties, Rates, and Impositions hereby granted upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, (except as to such of the said Duties as may by Law be bonded during such Time only as such Duties shall not be demandable) and all Penalties and Forfeitures in respect thereof, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing of Duties payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charier the Second, intituled, An Act for settling of the Excise or New Impofl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said last mentioned Act, passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His laid late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, and Allowances in this Act, and in the respective Schedules hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things in this Act and the said Schedules mentioned, according to the Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measure, or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in Proportion upon any greater or less Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure, or Value of such Articles, Matters, and Things respectively; and that the said Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency 5 and that in all Cases where any such Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, or Bounties, on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Manufactures, are directed to be ascertained by the Value thereof, such Value as well as the Rate of Duty, in respect $heTeof, shall be taken in British Currency: Except the Duties on the Importation of Raw or Thrown Silk, or Foreign Salt, into Ireland, and all Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties on Raw or Thrown Silk, and except the Duties on the Importation into Ireland of Salt, Hops, and poals, from Great Britain, and all Drawbacks in, respect of the said Duties on Hops and Coals, and except the Drawbacks on the Exportation from Ireland of Leather, and Leather Manufactures, Glass Bottles, Vellum and Parchment; and except also the Countervailing Duty by this Act imposed on the Importation of all Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, and the Countervailing Drawback in respect thereof, and the Bounty on the Export of Silk Manufactures from Ireland: Provided also, that no Drawback whatever shall be paid in British Currency, unlefa the Duty in respect wfhereof such Drawback shall be allowed shall have been likewise paid in the same Currency.

u Bonds given under 44 G* 3. c. 103. f. 26. for Seven Pounds per Ton of the Duty on Spanish Wines shall be " vacated, and the Parties shall not be liable to the Duty bonded, §44, "

XLV. And be it further enacted, Thai all the Clauses, Regulations, and Provisions in this Act contained shall and may be applied in the levying and recovering of all Duties and Arrears of Duties, imposed by any former Act or Acts ii^force in Ireland, on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five 5 as fully rnd effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Duties and Arrears of Duties had become due and payable under this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

M Continuance of Act, 25 March 1806, §47."

- SCHEDULES

45° GEORGII III.

O'. 18.

289

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the NET DUTIES payable on IMPORTATION into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Mannfacture of Great Britain) 5 and of the DRAWBACKS to be allowed on the due Exportation thereo. from Ireland.

INWARDS.

Duties.

A.

Adianthum, the lb.

Agates, viz.

- Rough, small as a Bean, the 100 Dozen —

- Rough, large, the Piece -

- Rough, or polished, not otherwise described, for every £100 $f the Value

Ale. See Beer.

Alkali, Sal. Se Sal Alkali.

' not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ 100 of the Value Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkermes Confe&io, the oz. Troy -

- Syrup, the lb.

Almond Paste, for every £100 of the Value —

Almonds, the cwt. viz.

Bitter -

Jordan -

in the Shell -

of any other Sort -

Oil of See Oil.

Aloes the lb. viz.

- Succotrina, or Socotorina

- Hepatica, and any other Sort

Alum, Roch, the cwt. —

Amber, the lb. —

- Beads. See Beads.

- 1 - Oil of See Oil.

Ambergris, the oz. Troy —

Ambra Liquida, for every *100 of the Value America. For the Duties on Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United States of America, imported into Ireland. See Schedule B.

Ammonia cum. See Gum-Sal.

Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the Barrel of i61bs. of Fish —

Angelica, the lb.

Animi Gum. See Gum.

Aniseed. See Seed Oil.

Annotto, the lb.

Antimonium, viz.

- Crudum, the cwt.

- Preparatum, or Stibium, the lb. —

Apparel, for every /, 'loo of the Value —

And an Additional Duty, by the lb. or by the Yard, on the Materials of which such Apparel is made, according to the respective Rates to which such Materials are subject.

Apples, the Bushel —

- dried, the Bushel

Aquafortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arangoes. See Beads.

Archelia. See Orchelia.

Argentum Vivum. See Quicksilver#

45 Geo. III.

Drawbacks.

£ 9. d. £ / d.

O O 4 O 0 3

O 5 2 O 3 8

O 0 2 O 0 X

20 5 4 16 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 X 7 0 1 2

0 2 4 0 2 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

z 2 X 09 XO

2 6 8 1 19 8

0 13 .6 0 10 3

1 6 6 1 4 2

0 1 8 0 1 7

0 0 10 0 0 9

098 0 8 7

0 0 0 0 io£

0 2 2 0 2 0

33 0 0 8 0

050 00 3i

066

o

o

33

008 o 1 5

037

936

O O 21

OO5

o 7 6

O O 2£

29 8 O

OO5 O oil

000

Argol,

t.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Argol, the cwt. —

Aristolochia, or Bithwort, the lb. —

Ammoniac. See Bole Ammoniac.

AS^lSeeSpHH.

Arrow Root, the cwt. viz.

- of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations or Colonies

in America.

-» of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

Duties. I Drawbacks.

063

005

- 1 of any other Country

Arsenic, the fcwt. —

Affa-foetrda, jthe lb*.

Afarum Roo^, the lb. —

Ashes of All»Sbrts, free.

Afohaltum, dr Bitumen Jlidaicum, the lb.

Anes, for ever/ £100 of the Value Auripigmenttm. See Arfenick.

j;

; b.

Bacon and HJuns, the cwfc.

Badger Skinsi See Skmsi Balks. See Wood Balks,;

Balls, viz. 1

- Tennis Balls, the 1000

- Washfcg Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead as Natural Balsam.

Bdferii, the lb. vir.

- Artificial -

Canada —

- 'Copaiva, or Capiai

- Natural —

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value. —

Band Strings, and Band String Twist, the Dozen Knots, viz.

- Strings -

- String Twist -

if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.

Barbadoes Tar. See Tar.

Barilla free as Ashes.

Bark, viz.

- Jesuits. See Cortex Peruvianus.

- Red Mangrove, in Calks not less than 150 lbs. the cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value —

Barley. See Corn.

- hulled. See Pearl Barley.

Barras. See Canvas in Linen.

Bafils. See Leather.

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band Baskets, viz.

- Hand Baskets, the Dozen —

- Wicker Baskets, for every £100 of the Value Bast or Straw, and Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See Hats, Platting.

Bast Ropes, the cwt.

BaSen Ends. } See Wood> Batten»-Battery, Bafyrones, and Kettles, the cwt. —

Bay-berries. See Berries.

Bay Yhm. See Yam Woollen.

Beads, viz.

- Amber, thelb.

- Arangoe, for every £100 of the Value —

- Bone, or Box, the great Gross —

Coral, the lb.

- Cryftfl, the 1000 -

O O S\:

33 o o

0116

013

20 5 4 0x9

3* Si

o 7 4

33 0 0

0 10 10

on 9i

1 1

/. s. d. 040 004

0 II 8 O 10

I 3 4 O94

0 8 3 O 6 0

0 0 7 O 0 6

0 0 5 O 0 4

0 0 5 # O 0 4

20 S 4 l63-

O 11 7 Q9?

I 1 4 0 1 z 4*

O 0 6 O Q i

O 1 7 O I-- 4

O 0 7i O O

O 1 5i a I

O 24 0 2 it

33 0 0 29 8 a

0 8 3 0 6 9

0 3 5 0 3 2t

003*

29 8- Q

O I I

16 13 4 o I 4

3 2 iot

29 8 o-

Q93' O 7 3i ojr o»a 9i Beads,

Beads, continued.

- Glass, for every £ 100 of the Value —

- Jasper, the 100 Stones -

- Jet, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value

Beans. See Corn.

- Kidney or French Beans, as Garden Seeds. See Seeds.

Bears Skins. See Skins. N

Beaver Skins and Wool. See Skins, Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers.

Beech Boards, -j — - — Plank. C See Wood.

- Quarters. J

Beef, whether salted or otherwise, as Provisions.

Beer, the Barrel of Thirty-two Gallons, viz.

- Mum -

- Spruce Beer -

- or Ale of all other Sorts' —

Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bell Metal. See Metal.

Belvidere Raisins. See Raisins.

Benjamin, the lb.

Be re or Big. See Com.

Bergamot, Essence of, the lb. —

Berlins, as Carriages.

Berries, viz.

- Bay, the cwt.

- Juniper, the cwt. —

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value

See Com.

Birds, Singing Birds, the Bozen "

Biscuit. See Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum. See Asphaltum.

Blacking, the cwt.*

Black Latten. See Latten Black Lead. See Lead.

Bladders, for every j£ioo of the Value —

Blades, the Dozen, viz.

- for Foils -

- for Razors — — 1

7 — for Swords. See Sword Blades.

Blankets, or Blanketing, the square Yard —

Blubber. See Train Oil in OiL Boards See Wood.

Bole Armoniac, or Armenian Bole, the cwt. —

Bone Lace. See Lace.

Bones and Hoofs of Cattle, for every £ 100 of the Valud Bonnets. See Hats.

Books, the cwt. viz.

' — bound -

- unbound ——

Boom Spars. See Spars in Wood.

Borax, refined, the lb — / —

- unrefined, or Tincal, the lb.

Bottles, viz.

- Of Earth or Stone, the dozen Bottles —

- of Glass, covered with Wicker, for every j£ico of the Value

- Green or Common Glass Bottles, full or empty, not of less Content

one Pint, and not being Phials, for every £100 of the Value Bowls or Buckets of Wood, not bound with Iron, the Dozen Bowsprits. See Mails in Wood.

Boxes, viz.

- Dressing Boxes, for every £100 of the Value —

- Nest Boxes, the Qrofs of 22 Dozen Nests, each Nest of 8 Boxes

Pp*

83 16 s

o 18 8

028 33 o o

£. d.

80 4 5 e 12 9

o 1 5

29 8 o

than

2 X 4 0 18 6

I 10 10 1 7 6

0 II 2 0 10 0

0 0 10 0 0,

a/ 3 0. 3

0 6 2 0 5 2

0 1 1*0 0 XI

20 5 4 1613 4

O 3 10 0 2 4

0 15 u 0 ij 4

20 s 4 163 4

O 290.2 6

O 2 2 0 2 id

2 7 6 l 6 S>

0 5 7» 0 S 0

20 s 4 16 13 4

3 0 6 292

2 >7 0 1 11 4

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 3 i 0 2 7

r6 4 80 4 4

8516 4 80 4 4

0 1 3 0 \ 1

lo 5 4 16 13 4-

0 17 2 0 A i

Bose?,

Boxes, continued.

- Pill Boxes, the Gross of 12 Dozen Nells, each Nell of Boxes

- Sand Boxes, the Gross of 12 Dozen —

- Snuff Boxes, not being Gold or Silver, for every Cico of the Value —

Box Wood. See Wood.

Bracelets, or Necklaces of Glass, for every £ioq of the Value Brandy. See Spirits.

Brass Manufactures not particularly enumerated or described, for every £\oo of the Value -

Brass, old. See Shruff.

- Wire. See Wire.

Brazil Wood and Braziletto Wood. See Wood.

Bread or Biscuit. See Provisions.

Bricks, the 1000 -

Brimstone, the cwt.

Note, the Duty on Brimstone may be drawn back on being used in certain x Manufactures.

Brillles, the Dozen lbs. viz.

« — - - d re fled -

of Muscovy or Russia, imported in foreign Shipping

rough or undressed

of Muscovy Or Russia, imported in foreign

£ J. d. £ d;

0 2 2 O 0 8

0 4 7 O 4 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

#3 16 5 80 4 S

33 0 0 29 8 0

059

022

o

o

o

5 <0

6 4

1 6

-I

Shipping

Broken Glass. See Glass.

Bronze Figures and Ware6, for every £100 of the Value —

Brooms, Flag Brooms, or Whilk Brooms, for every £ 100 of the Value Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins'.

Buckets of Wood. See Bowls of Wood.

Bugle, great, the lb.

- small or Seed, the lb. —

Bullion, or Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, free.

Burrs for Mill Stones. See Stones.

Burrachas. See India Rubber.

Bulls or Figures of Marble or Stone. See Stone sculptured.

Butter, as Provisions.

c.

Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt.

Cable Yarn. See Yam.

Caddas, or Crewel Ribband, the Dozen Pieces, not exceeding 1 \ Inches in Breadth, each Piece of 36 Yards - and if of Silk or mixed with Silk, a further Duty by the lb. asjSilk Manufactures.

Caffoy, the Yard

- and if of Silk or mixed with Silk, a further Duty by the lb, as Silk Manufactures.

Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.

Calibar Shins. See Skins.

Calaminaris Laois. See Lapis.

Calamus, the lb.

Calavances, as Provisions.

Callicoes, the Yard, viz.

- white -

- ; printed, painted, stained, or dyed, or partly dyed

Calve Skins. See Skins.

Cameletto, Half Silk, Half Hair, the Yard —

- and a further Duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.

Camboghim. See Gamboge.

Camel Hair. See Hair.

- or Mohair Yam. See Yam.

Camomile Flowers, the lb.

o 1 8

83 o o 26*8 o

o 2 24

o 3 9

19 1

0128

O 2 11

° ° 3i

O52 o 6 1

037

002

050

012

o 1 2

o 2

010

0 12

29 8 o

*7 4 5

022

038

o 169095 021

O O 2\

P 4 11

0 5 9

035

002

Camphor*

£ d. I £ s. d.

0 1 it 0 0 I»|

0 0 0 0

o 10 0 IO 2 0

7 6 2.5 5

2 IX 4 2 0 6

O 16 4 O l3 5

i 6 1 I 6 3

0 4 S 0 0 S

J 0 1 5

0 1 Si O 1t

0*3* O 1 6i

0 0 3i O 0 3i

44 0 0 8 0

0 1 $ 0 1 3

2 1 7 2 z 7

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 10 10 0 5 10

1 10 7 1 3 11

33 0 0 29 8 0

20 5 4 163 4

0 590 4 ir

0 7 0 O 7

0 5 0 O 4

O Y 5* 0 I 4i

O 3 ii 0 2 XOt.

O I 11 0 I 3

20 5 4 16 '3 4

O9 0 6

20 5 4 16 13 4

O O90 0 7

O I 1 0 0 11

0 a 3 0 1 8

0 2 8 0 1 8

0 7 0 0 3 8

x x3 4.194

2 10 7 2 3 0

Chimney

Camphor, the lb. viz.

- refined - '«

- unrefined -

Cnm Wood. See Wood.

Canada Balsam. See Balsam,

Canary Seed. See Seed.

Candles, the cwt. viz.

- Spermaceti -

- Tallow -

- Wax — — -' —

Candlewick, the cwt.

Cane and Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See Hats, Platting.

Canes, viz.

- Fattans, the loco -

- Reed Canes, the 1000 -

- walking Canes, not being mounted, the 1000 —

Cans of Wood, not bound with Iron, the Dozen —

Qantharides, the lb.

Canvas. See Linen.

Capers, the lb.

Capita Papaverum. See Poppy Heads.

Caps of Cotton, Woollen, or Worsted, for every £100 of the Value Cardamoms, the lb.

Cards, Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs -

- and further for every lb. Weight thereof —

Carmenia Wool as Goat's Hair. See Hair.

Carpets of Turkey, less than four Yards square, the Carpet —

- four Yards square, or upwards, the Carpet

- not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ 100 of the Value —

Carrabe or Succinum, as Amber.

Carraway Seeds or Oil. See Seeds, Oil.

Carriages, with or without the Appurtenances, for every £100 of the Value —

- and further on the Hamefs, if of Silk or Leather, the Duties by the lb,

according to their respective Rates.

Carthamus Seed See Seed.

Cashew. SeeGum Nuts.

Calks, empty, the T un of 252 Gallons Content.

CafHa, the lb. viz.

- Buds -

- Fiftula -

- Lignea -

Castor, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Catlings or Lutestrings, the Grofsof 12 Dozen Knots -

Cat Skins. See Skins.

Cattle alive, viz. Bulls, Cows, Oxen or Steers, for every £100 of the Value Caviare, the cwt.

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

CerufTa, as w hite Lead.

Chaifcs, as Carriages.

Chalk, for every £ 100 of the Value -

Chamlets, the Yard, viz.

- unwatered, or Mohair -

- watered -

- Half Silk, Half Hair -

and if made of or mixed with Silk, a further Di^y by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.

Chariots, as Carriages.

Cheese, the cwt.

Chemical Oils. See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt.

Chesnuts. See Nuts.

Chests of Iron, small, the Piece not exceeding in length one Yard.

- large, the Piece exceeding m length one Yard

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inward«.

Duties., j Drawbacks.

Chimney Pieces of Marble, or Stone sculptured, as Stone sculptured.

China Root, the lb.

China, Porcjaine, or Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £ioo of the Value —

Chip or Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See Hats, Platting.

Chocolate, the lb.

Cider, the Tun of 252 Gallons -

Cinders.' Sec Coal*.

Cinnabar. See Vermilion.

Ginr.abaris Nativa, ' the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.*7 -

- Oil of See Oil.

Citterns of Latten, the lb. — — 4 —

Citroa, viz -

- preferred with Salt, for every £ 100 of the Value -

- preferred with Sygar, as Succards. See Succades*

- W ater. See Spirits.

Civet, the oz. Troy -

Clao Boards. , Sce Boards in Wood.

Clay, Fire Clay and Sand^Clay, free.

Clocks, for every ^ioooojf the Value, vit.

of Wood -

- not of Wood -

Cloths Woollen, as Drapery, old or new. See Drapery*

Clover Seed. See Seed*

Cloves, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Coaches. See Carriages.

Coals, Culm, or Cinders, the Tort -

Cobalt, or ZafFre, for every jT 100 of the Value* -

Cochineal, the lb.

Cocoa Nuts, the lb.

Coculus Indicus, the lb.

Coffee, the'lb. viz.

- the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America —

- the Produce of any other Country or Place -

Coffee may, on Importation, be warehoused, under certain Restrictions and Regulations.

Coin of Copper. See Copper.

- of Gold or Silver, free.

Cole Seed. See Seed.

Colophonia See kofin.

Colours for Painters. See Painters Colour*.

Columbo Root, the lb.

Combs, of Ivory, for every £ 100 of the Value "

Comfits, the lb.

Coney Skins and Wool. See Skins, Wool.

Contraycrva Radix. See Radix.

Copaiba or Capivi Balsam, See Balsam.

Copal. Sec Gum.

Copper, the cwt. vizfc

- Ore -

- unwrought, viz.

- Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and all cast Copper

- in Plates and Copper Coin —

- Part wrought, hammered, or raised, Ban, Rods, or Ingots

- Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every £ 100 01 the Value —

Copper Wire. See Wire.

Copperas, the cwt. viz.

£: /. d. £ /. d.

O 0 b 0 6i

44 0 0 40 8 0

0 t 5 0 1 2

8 18 0 8 7 O

0 1 3 0 1 I

0 1 0 X Si

0 0 8 0 0 6

33' 0 0 29 8 0

0 296 X ft

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 09 8 0

0 3 3 0 3 0

0 2 7 0 2 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 11 0 0 s

0 1 5 0 1 4

0 1 10 0 1 8

0 1 4 0 1 4

0 t 8 0 1 ft

6 O IO 33 00 o 1 101

green white

oo$ 29 8 o

o 1 of

0 7* O O 9i

0 6 3 + O I

0 11 8 O 7 5

1 3 4*O 12 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 .8 2 O S 9

0 0 3 O 0 0

0 ft9O 6 11 Coral*

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Coral* the lb. viz.

- in Fragment! -

- whole, polished -

- unpolished -

- Beads See Beads.

Cordage, tarred or untarred, the cwt.

Cordial Water. See Spirits.

Cordivant Skins. See Skins.

Coriander Seeds. See Seed.

Cork, the cwt.

Corks, ready made, the Gross of 12 Dozen r»-

Corn or Grain; for the Duties thereon fee Acts relating thereto.

Cornpowder. See Gunpowder.

Cortex, the lb. viz.

- Angufturae -

- Eleutheriae or Cafcarilla -

- Limonum or Aurentiorum, or Lemon or Orange Peel —

1 Peruvianus or Jesuit's Bark -

- Simarouba -

- Winteranus -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every/*ioo of the Value Cotton and Cotton Manufactures. See Mu/lin, Thread Twist, Wool Yarn. Cow or Ox Hair and Hides. See Hair, Hides.

Cow-Itch, the lb.

Cows. See Cattle.

Cranberries, for every £100 of the Value* -

Crayons, for every/i#o of the Value -

Cream of Tartar, the cwt. —

Crewell Ribbartd. See Caddas.

Crowt Sour, as Provisions.

Crystal, viz.

- Beads. See Beads.

- broken in Pieces, the lb.

- not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value

Cucumbers", pickled or preferred, for every £100 of the Value — Culm, as Coals.

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Currants, the cwt. viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in foreign Shipping -

Cuttle Bones, the 1000 -

D.

See Linen.

Damask Tabling or Napkinning,

Dates, the cwt. —

SSl'End.- }S"W"'L

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia Railing. See Raisins.

Diagridium." See Scamraony.

Diamonds; free.

Diaper. See Linen.

Dice, for every Pair —

Dimity, for every £ioc of the Value — 7 — j - and further for every square Yard

DoflfhSkiL } See Skins*

Down, for ekeiy £100 of the Value Drapery, the Yard, viz.;

*-- — new r —

Drawings, for every £ioQ of the Vable Drillings. $ee Linen.

Duties. Drawbacks.

X. d. c x. d.

- O O 1\ 0 0 5i

- O 8 6; 0 5 °i

" O 4 2 0 2 5

- 99Q 1$ 8

1 - 0 6 of O 5 3*

0 1 11 O 1 10

- 0 0 2 O 0 2

- 0 0 3 O 0 3

- 0 0 2i O 0 2r

- 0 1 3 O 1 I

- 0 0 7t O 0 5*

- 0 0 3l O 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

- 0 0 7i 0 0 Si

- 20 5 4 16 J3 4

20' 5 4 16. 4

0911 0 5 11

007 33 0 0 33' o

1 1? ui

I l6 Oj

o 8 10

2 12

00

29 8 o 29 8' o

1 12 5f 1 14 6f 082

1 7 9

I 0 0 1 0 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 2' 1 0 2 1*

20 5 4 1613 4

1 S 3 1 7 9

O 7 8 0 7 S

33 0 0 29 8 0

Drug!.

Drugs, See the several Names of the Drugs.

- not enumerated or described, for every ^100 of the Value

E.

Earth Red as Raddle. See Raddle.

Earthen Ware. See China.

Ebony. See Wood.

- Elastic Bottles, or Barrachas. See Indian Rubber.

Elbing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Eleborus. See Helebore.

Elemi Gum. See Gum.

Elephants Teeth, the lb.

Elk Hair and Skins. Sec Hair, Skins.

Emeralds. See Jewels.

Emery, the lb.

Emery Stones. See Stones.

Enamel, for every £100 of the Value —

Enula Campana. j^Radix.

Enngu. j

Ermine Skins. See Skins.

Elienees. See Bergamot, Lemon, Spruce.

Eftrich Feather, See Ostrich Feathers, in Feathers.

- Wool. See Wool.

Euphorbium, the lb.

F.

Fans as Haberdashery.

Fan-mounts, of Leather, for every £ 100 of the Value

- and further for every lb. thereof —

Faro Raisins. See Raihns.

Feathers, for Beds, the cwt.

- Oftridge, or Eftridge, the lb. viz.

- drelTed —

- : — undressed —

33 00

002

001

33 00

Vulture, for every £ioq of the Value

See Wood.

- not particularly enumerated or described, (and not being Bed Feathers),

for every £100 of the Value -

Fechia Ashes as Allies. See Allies.

Fennel Seeds. 1 c q t

Fenugreek Seeds. J ee

Ferret Ribband, per Gross of 12 Dozen.

- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty by the lb» as Silk Manufactures.

Fiddles for Children, as Toys.

Figs, thexwt. viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

in foreign Shipping -

Filtring Stones. See Stones.

Fir Quarters,

Fir Timber.

Fish, viz.

--Cod Fish, the Barrel of 32 Gallons

- for every Six Score

fresh of all Kinds, free.

--Herrings, the Barrel of 32 Gallons

--Ling, for every Six Score

- Salmon, the Barrel of 32 Gallons

- Stock, the 120 —

" — rot particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty,

and not by any Law exempt from Duty, for every f 100 of the Value — Note. For the Conditions and Regulations under which Fish taken and cured by Subjects may be imported Duty free. See this Act.

- Skins. See Skins.

)il. See Traity Oil in Oil.

o 211

o 16 8

o 17 2;

056

120

o 6

4

o 10

0 3

29 8 o

001

O O I 29 8 o

0 0 ii O 0 2i

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 4 0 0 4

05 10 095

1 19 7 19 7,

0 10 7t 0 10 7*

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

43 5 7

027

° 14 5 o 14 11

0 4 4

o 16 5

o o' o

*95

087

93 7

Fitches

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duties. Drawbacks.

Fitches Skins. See Skins.

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the Yard -

Fl'Jlks. See Bottles.

Flax, % undressed; free.

- the, cwt. dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

*- " -» in foreign Shipping —

- Seed. See Linseed in Seed.

Flint Slones for Potters, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Flocks, the cwt.

Flour. See Reference in Com.

Flower Roots, for every ^100 of the Value —

Flowers, Artificial, for every ft 100 of the Value —

Foffils, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value

Fowls a3 Provisions.

Fox Skins. 7 o cn

- Tails r See Skins.

Frames for Pictures or Prints, for every £100 of the Value —

Frankincense, the cwt.

Frolling. See Orfcdew.

Fruit, Artificial, for every £100 of the Value —

Furriers Waste, fit only for making Glue, for every £100 of the Value Fur, See Skins.

- made into Articles of Dress, as Millenery. See Millenery.

Fuflick. See Wood.

Gad Steel. See Steel.

Galanga, the lb.

Galbanum, the lb.

Qalley Tiles. See Tiles.

Galls, the cwt.

Gamboge, the lb.

Garnets, the lb. viz.

- Cut -

- Rough -

Gauze of Thread, for every £ 100 of the Value -

- and further for every Square Yard thereof —

- of Silk, -as Silk Manufacture.

Geldings. See Horses.

Geneva. See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb.

Ginger, viz.

- of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, the cwt. —

- not of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, the cwt.

- preserved, the lb.

Ginseng, the lb.

Glass Bottles. Sec Bottles.

broken, fit only to be remanufactured, the cwt. —

Plate Glass, and all* other Glass Manufacturea not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value —

Glauber Salt. See Salt.

Glue, the cwt.

Goats Hair and Wool. See Hair.

- Skins. See Skins.

Gold Coin and Plate. See Bullion, Medals, Plate.

-< — and Silver Thread. See Thread.

Grain. See Com.

Grains, Guinea, the lb.

Grapes, for every j 100 of the Value —

- Rape of See Rape of Grapes.

Groceries, not particularly enumerated or described, for every ^ioo of the Value — Grogram Yarn. See Yam.

Guatacum Gum. See Gum*

45 Geo. III. Q q

j. d. £ X. d.

O 1 1 O J 0

I 12 5 I 8 10

2 1 JO i 18 3

O 1 1 0 0 10

099 0 7 0

25 0 0 25 0 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

ZO 5 4 16 4

S3 0 0 29 8 0

0 7 8i 0 6 85

33 0 09 8 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

o o 3] 33 o o

S3 o o

0 0 10 0 0 7

0 0 JO 0 0 8

0 8 10 0 3 10

0 0 10 0 0 8

1 4 6 0 18 10

0 7 0 0 6 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 090 0 9

0 0 0 0

0 17 6 0 15 7'

2 0 10 1 19 0

0 0 0 0 9i

0 1 0 1 °i

0 1 8 0 1 4'

00 16 5 + 0 00 5.

0 5 6 0 3 6

o o 3| 29 8 o

29 8 o Guinea

Guinea Grains. See Grains.

--Pepper. See Pepper.

- 1 — Wood. See Red Wood in Wood.

Gum, viz.

- Ammoniacus, the lb.

- Animi, the lb.

- Arabic, the cwt.

- Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.

- Cashew, the cwt.

--of the Growth or Produce of the British West India Islands, or of the Bahama, or Bermuda, or Somers Isles, the cwt. —

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

- Copal, for every £100 of the Value -

- Elemi, the lb.

- Guaiacum, the lb.

- Juniper. See Gum Sandrake*

--Lac, viz.

- Cake Lac, the lb.

- Shellac, or Seed Lac, the lb* -

- Stick Lac, the cwt.

- Opoponax, the lb.

- Sagapenum, the lb.

- Sandrake, or Juniper* the cwt.

- Sarcocolla, the lb.

- Senega, the cwt.

- Tacarrfahaca, the lb* -

- Tragacantha -

- not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100. of the Value —

Gunpowder, the cwt. viz.

- Corn -

- Serpentine -

Gutta Gamba* as Gamboge*

Gutting Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

H.

Haberdashery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value -

- < if of Silk* or mixed with Silk, a further Duty by the lb. as

Silk Manufactures*

Hair, viz.

- Carnet the lb.

- Cow, or Ox, the cwt.

- Elk, the cwt.

" Goat, or Turkey Goat's Wool, the R>* —

- Hats made of, See Hats.

- Horse, the lb.

- Human, the lb. —

Hair Powder, the cwt. viz.

- perfumed -

Hams. Ste Bacon.

Hand4>a(kets. See Baskets.

Handkerchiefs, the Dozen -

- if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further Duty by the lb. a» Silk Manufactures.

if of Muslin, and imported by the East India Company of England, a further Duty for every square Yard —

- if of Muslin. and not imported by the East India Company of

England, a further Duty for every square Yard Hand Soooope, foreveey /, ioo of the Value —

- Spikes* See Wood*

Hard Wax. See Woiu Hardware Manufactures* not particularly enumerated or described, for every f ioo <jf \he Value - 1

WerefikiM* See Skint* #J

£- j. d. t /. d.

O 0 74 0 0 6*

O 0 5 0 0 4

C 54 0 1 6 % z

O 5 7 0 2 9

0 3 10 0 T a

33 0 09 8 Q

0 0 5 0 0 4

0 I: 3 0 1 2

0 O 2i 0 01

0 0 34 0 0 3l

0 5 10 0 5 x 0

0 2 6 0 2 1

0 0 0 0 4i

0 13 ij 0 10 3x

0 0 6\ 0 0 4 Jr

0 5 4 0 X 6t

0 1 3 0 1 X

0 0 7 0 0 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

S 12 ii 3 5 11

3 6 0 3 3 4

33 0 0 29 8

0 0 4 0 Or 2

096 0 7 8

0 8 10 0 5

0 P 2 0 0 0

0 0 4 0 e 3

0 290 2 6

4 1 5 3 n 2_

6 3 2*5 II

0 M 00 8 0 id II

0 2 1 0 2 X:

0 2 11 0 2 II

20 5 4 16 13 4

S3 0 0 29 8 0

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 18.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Hare Wool. See Wool.

Harness for Carriages. See Carriages.

Harp Strings. See Catlings.

Harts' Horn. See Horns, Spirits.

Hats, viz.

- Bast, Straw, Cane, and Chip Hats or Bonnets, for every £joo of the Value

made of, or mi^ed with Felt, Hair, Wool, or Beaver, the Hat —

not particularly enumerated or described, the Hat -

if of Silk or Leather, subject to further Duties by the lb. according to their respective Ratei.

Hatbands, the Gross -

- if of Silk, a further Duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures,

Head Matter. See Spermaceti Oil in Oil Hellebore, the lb.

Hemlock. See Bark. '

Hemp, the cwt, viz.

- dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom in foreign Shipping

Duties.

Cullen or Steel, and all other United Kingdom

in foreign Shipping

Hemp, imported in Shipping of the

t rough or undressed, imported from any Country, and in any Shipping, free.

- Seed. See Seed.

- Seed Oil. See Oil.

Herrings. See Fish.

Heffens Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Hides, viz.

Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way drefibd, the Piece -

- tanned, the lb.

- Elk. See Skins.

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair, the Piece

- , --- tanned, the lb.

Loih, the lb* -

-' — of Mufcpvy, or Russia, tanned, the lb.

- raw or undressed, of the Brithh Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ ioo of the Value —

- and also on such of the Hides herein-before enumerated, being tanned or

dressed in Oil (not particularly provided for, and charged as such by the [ lb.) the following further Duties, viz.

- if tanned, for every 10 lbs. —

- r- if dressed in Oil, for every lb. thereof -y — or Pieces of Hides not particularly enumerated or described, and not tanned or dressed in Oil, for every £ 100 of the Value

- tanned or dressed in Oil, of what Kind soever, and all Parts or Pieces thereof

not being manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ ipo of the Value —

- further, if tanned, for every xo lbs.

- r — if dressed in Oil, for every lb.

Hollands Linen. See Linen,

Hpnes, the ico of 5 Score —

Honey, the cwt.

Hoops of Iron, the cwt. —

- of Wood, the loco —

Hops, the cwt.

Hops may be warehoused, on Importation, under pertain Conditions and Regulations.

Horns, the ioq, viz.

- Buffalo, Cows, Oxen, or Steers

- Harts or Stags — not particularly enumerated or described, and Horn Tips, for every £}Qo of the Value Horse.Hair. See Hair.

- Hides. See Hides.

Horses, Mares, or Geldingt, each

Q q a

Drawbacks.

d. \ £ J. i.

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 11 4 I 10

0 69O 6

1 11 11 I ro 5

0 01 0 0 «i

1 1 8 O 18 6

1 7 2 I 4 0

1 8 7 I 5 10

1 18 6 I lS 9

O 1 f O 1 2

0 0 7 0 0 5

0 1 8 0 1 3

0 0 I 6 0 6

0 1 3 0 1 2

0 1 i 0 0 6i

39 3 t 0 7

0 1 3 O x 1

0 0 3 0 0 2

ao 5 4 163 4

ao 5 4 16 13 4

0 1 3 0 1 3

0 0 3 0 0 3

0911 0 7 11

0 IL 8 0 0 8

0 8 3, O 6 10

0 3 8 0 0 4

5 0 0 a l5 4

0 490 3 5

0 >5 7» 0 10

ao 5 4 163 4

a 4 0 1 li 0

Human

299

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duties.

Human Hair. See Hair.

Hungary Water. See Spirits.

Hu fits or Knubs of Silk. See Silk. Huffe Skins. Se* Skins.

I. and J.

Jalap, the lb.

Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto in Wood.

Japar.ned or lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, for every 4 100 of the Value -

Japonica Terra. See Terra.

Jessamine Oil. See Oil.

Jeluits Bark, See Cortex Peruvianus.

Jet, the lb.

- Beads. See Beads.

Jewels, viz. Pearls, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds), for every ^'100 of the Value —

Inkle, unwrought, the lb.

—; — wrought, the dozen lbs.

Incense. See Olibanum.

India Rubber, or Burrachas, the lb.

Indian Corn or Maize. See Reference in Corn.

Indigo, the icolbs.

Ink for Printers, the cwt.

Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix.

Iris or Orris Root the cwt.

Iron, the Ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, in Bais

or unwrought, free.

- of the Produce of the United States of America- See Schedule B.

- of any other Country, in Bars or unwrought —

- flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered, less than £ of an

Inch square, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign Shipping -

- call, for every £ 100 of the Value -

- Cinders, the Ton -

- Hoops. See Hoops.

- Liquor, for every/" 100 of the Value -

- old Broken, and old cast Iron, the Ton -

- Ore, the Ton -

- Pig Iron of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, free.

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

--of any other Country, the Ton -

- Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £lCO of the Value -

- Wi e. See Wire.

Isinglass, the lb.

Juice of Lemons or Oranges, the Tun of 252 Gallons —

- of Limes, the Gallon -

Juniper Berries. See Berries.

- Gum See Gum Sandrake.

- Oil See Oil.'

Junk, old, in Pieces not exceeding 5 Fathoms in Length, the Ton Ivory, unwrought, the lb.

- wrought, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value -

Kelp, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Kidney Beans as Garden Seeds in Seeds.

K.

*8

£ S. cl.

33

Drawbacks.

£. x.

29 8 o

39 2 0 7 2

0 0 10 0 0 9

1 H 10 1 11 2

0 0 2i 0 0 2

0 r4 0 0 0 0

099 0 6 11

o 19 9

0 12 8 0 12*

0 18 0 0 18 0

0 6 0 19 6

3* 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 1 0 1 0

39 2 0 7 2

0 7 0 0 6 0

0, 1 10 0 X 2

0 12 8 0 12 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 7 0 0 6

3 S 8 2 10 2

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 19 0 12

0 1 10 0 1 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0910 0 S 4

Kid

SCHEDULE (A.)-Inwards.

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Kits of Wood. See Pails.

Knees of Oak. See Wood.

Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs in Silk#

Labdanum, the lb.

Lac. See Gum Lac.

Lace, viz.

- Bone Lace of Thread, the Dozen Yards —

- of Silk, the lb. of 16 oz. —

- Silk, of all other Sorts, the lb. of 16 oz. —

Lacquered Wares. See Japanned Wares.

Lambs Skins. See Skins.

- Slink. See Skins.

- Wool. See Wool.

Lamp Black, the cvvt.

Landaus, as Carriages.

Lapis Calaminaris, the cwt.

--Tutix, the lb.

Lath Wood. See Wood.

Latten, the cwt. viz.

- shaven -

- Wire. See Wire.

Lavender Flowers, the lb.

- Water. See Spirits.

Lawns. See Linens.

Lead, viz.

- black, the cwt.

- Litharge, the cwt.

- Ore, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Pig, the Ton of 20 cwt, -

- red, the cwt.

- sheet, the cwt. — — — r*

- white, or Cerufla, the cwt.

teas Metal. See Metalv

Leather Baiils, the Dozen Skins — — v

- and further for every lb. thereof -

- Manufactures, ot Manufactures whereof Leather is the moil valuable Part,

whether tanned, or dressed in Oil, not particularly enumerated or described, for every /10J of the Value —

- and further, for every lb. thereof, if tanned

- if dressed in Oil -

Leaves of Gold, the ico Leaves -

- of Roses or Violets* the lb.

Lemons, the 1000 -

- Essence of, the lb.

- Juice of See Juice.

- Peel of See Cortex.

- pickled, the Tun of 252 Gallons- -

Lentiles, the lb.

Leopard Skins. See Skins.

Lexia Raisins. See Raityns.

Lignum Ouaflix, the cwt. — — 4

- Rhodium, the cwt* -

- Vitfe. See Wopd.

Limes, the Barrel : -

Lime, Juice of See Juice*

Duties. Drawbacks.

/ J. £

0 1 3 0 0 6

1 7 7 11 n 7 77 4 0 13 7 10 15 5 7 10 5

0 1? 10 0 }3 4

0 4 5 0 3 0

0 0 4 0 0 4

07 7 o>( 11 11

1 2 0, 0 16 0

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 12 1 0 11 4

0 3 8 0 3 3

0 169! 0 13 S

1 11 5 I 0 8

0 7 1 O 6 1

0 2 6 O 1 9

0 8 0 O 6 9

3 5 3 3 4 1

0 0 4 0 0 4

20 5 4 16 »3 4

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 090 0 9

0 1 11 0 1 7

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 H 7 0 10 9

0 3 ii 0 2 io£

2 l5 10 2 2 0

O 6 1 0 0 1

6 13 0 6 6 0.

0 16 3 0 5 2

0 1 1 0 0 10

Linrtb

k^ooQ\:

Dutch or Holland, Barras, or Heflen Canvas^ the 100 Ells, of Six Score And further for every Square Yard thereof -

Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Canvas, the 100 Ells, of Six Score And further for every' Square Yard thereof —

Polertavies, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough Canvas the fiolt of 28 Ells And further for^very Square Yard thereof -

f Of Dutch or Holland making the Yard —

jf; And further for every Square Yard thereof

j Of Silesia making the Yard -

H And further for every Square Yard thereof

ti f Of Dutch or Holland making the Yard J E \ And further for every Square Yard thereof

£ 1L1 Of Silesia making the Yard —

[ And further for every Square Yard thereof

And for and upon all Damalk, Towelling, Napkining, and Cloths, made of Flax, or Hemp, the following further additional Duty, viz.

Damalk, for every Yard thereof, if the same be One Yard wide, or under -

- if the same be above One Yard wide, and under Two Yards wide

if the same be Two Yards wide, or more -

' & ( Of Dutch or Holland making the Yard 4; And further for every Square Yard thereof

£ j Of §ilefia making the Yard —

L And further for every Square Yard thereof

Napkins of Dutch or Holland making the Dozen

And further for every Square Yard thereof —

*> f Of Dutch or Holland making the Yard —

; J And further for every Square Yard thereof

a o. j Of Sifefia. making the Yard -

£ £ t And further for every Square Yard thereof —

Drillings and Packducks, the 100 EBs of Six Score —

And further for evenr Square Yard thereof ' —

Bag Holland of Dutch or Holland making the EQ -

And further for every Square Yard thereof -

Ofl Cloth, the Yard -

And further for every Square Yard thereof -

And all other Manufactures of Flax and Hemp, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value -

And further for every Square Yard thereof —

Limeed. 6ee Seed. j

- Oil. See Oil

Lions* Sl^ins. See Skins.

Lipari Raifms. See Raisin#,

Liquorice, viz. '

- Juice or Bafl. See Suocus Liquoritir.

- Powder, thecwi.

Root, theewt. See Lqad.

See Wopd. See Pepper. See Ste$l. See Hides. See Seed*

Litharge.

Logwood,

Long Pepper.

Long SteeL Lolh Hides.

Lucerne Seed.

Lupines, theewt. Lutef^rings. See Catlings.

M.

Mace, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil. Madder, the cwt. viz.

- Crop Madder.

- Fat

- Mull

- Roots

1 3

XI Q

1. d. £. J.

I 3 3 I 0 6

0 Q9O a 9

I O 3 O j 8 5

O O9O 0 9

O 6 4 O 4 6

0 09O 0 9

0 a9O 2 6

0 090 0 9

0 1. 7 0 1* 3

0 090 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 if

0 090 0 9

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 090 0 9

0 090 0 9

0 w «10 0 1 TO

0 2 8 0 2 8

0 1 XX 0. 1 7

0 090 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 10

0 090 0 9

0911 0 8 u

0 090 0 9

0 0 a 0 0 7

0 090 0 9

0 0 7 0 0 6

0 090 0 9

X 0 3 0. H 3

0 090 0 9

0 a i 0 2 2

0 090 0 9

0 a i 0 2 S

0 090 0 9

33 0 09 8 0

0 090 0

° 3 9

1*5

07a 0 5 10 o z a 086

x 17 8 084.

o 3 3

o 4

046

03a

O O JO

059

Mahogany.

SCHEDULE

Mahogany. See Wood.

Maize. See Corn-Mahgrove Bark. See Bark.

Manna, the lb.

Maps, each -

Marble. See Stone.

Marbles for Children as Toys.

Mares as Horses.

Mares Hides. See Hides.

Marmalade, the lb.

Martin or Martren Skins and Tails. See Skins.

Mastick, the lb. viz.

- of any other Sort —

Mails. See Wood.

Mats of Russia, the 100, viz.

- *in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping —

Matting, the Yard, viz.

- of Barbary or Portugal -

- Dutch or Holland -

- not particularly enumerated or described* for every £100 of the Value —

Mattreffes, for every/"ico of the Value —

Maw Seed. See Seed.

Mead, the Gallon -

MeaL See Reference in Com.

Medals, for every £10© of the Value -

- and further if of Gold or Silver, the oz. Troy —

Medlars, the Bushel -

Melasses, the cwt. viz.

- of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America* or the West Indies -

- , of the Produce of the United States of America* See Schedule B.

- of the Produce of any other Place —

Melt iff g Pot 8 for Goldsmiths. See Pots.

Mercilry, Precipitate, or Sublimate, the lb. —

Metal, viz.

- Bell Metal, the cwt. —

- Leaf Metal, (except of Leaf Gold or Silver, ) the Packet of 2J9 Leaves —

- prepared for Battery, for every ^100 of the Value

Metheglin, the Gallon -

Mill Boards. See Paper.

Millet Seed. See Seeds.

Millinery W»*es, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value -

- and a further Duty by the lb. or by the Yard, on the Materials of which such Millinery Wares shall be made, according to the respective Rates to which such Materials are subject.

Mill Stones. See Stones.

Mineral Water. See Water.

Minerals and Foflik, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value -

See Skins.

See Camel Yarn in Yam.

J See Skins.

McreHs, the lb.

Moss, Rpck Moss. the Ton of 20 cwt. —

Mother of Peari Shells, for every £ 100 of the Virtue —

Mules, for every £ 00 of the Value —

Mom. See Beer.

Musical Instructlents, not particularly enumerated or described, for efery^ioo of the Value -

Mode, the oz* Troy mm

Mink Skins. Mohair Yam. Mole Skins. Moose Skins.

Duties. 'Drawbacks.

£' / d. £ d.

O 0 TO O 0 9

O 0 2 O 0 1

O 0 7x O 0 Si

O 0 S O 0 3

0 0 10 0 0 8

O 18 0 18

0 ©i O 18 if

0 0 7* 0 0 S

0 0 3i 0 0 3

20 5 4 16 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 0 7 0 0 s

20 5 4 16 IJ 4

O 1 0 0 I 0

Q X» 0 I 6

0 5 4 0 4 z

0 20 5 092

0 1 3 0 X X

099 0 6 0

0 d 3 0 0 3

20 S 4 163 4

0 Q 7 0 0 5

33 O 0 29 8 0

20 5 4

36 13 4

0 1 10J

1 >3 II

20 5 4

20 5 4

33 0 0

6 3

0 X

o 18 16 13 16 13

li

1

4

4

29 8 o

02$ Muslin,

C. 18.

45° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Muslin, Plain White, the Square Yard,

- having been imported by the United Company of Mer.

chants of England trading to the East Indies

not having been so imported

- being worked or figured, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Romals and all

Manufactures of Cotton, or of Cotton and Linen .mixed, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not being particularly enumerated or described, for every / ioo of the Value —

- And further for every Square Yard thereof,

If the same had been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies —

- Not having been so imported —

Mufquafh Skins, flee Skins.

Mu [lard Seed. See Seed.

Mutton, as Provisions.

Myrrh, the lb.

N.

Napkining. See Linen.

Natural Balsam. See Balsam.

Neats Tongues. See Tongues.

Necklaces of Glass. See Bracelets.

Needles, as Hardware.

Nest Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets Fishing old, free.

Newland or Newfoundland Fish. See Fish.

Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.

Nitrum, as Saltpetre.

Ffutmegs, the lb. —

- Candied, the lb. —

- Oil of See Oil.

Nuts, viz.

- Cashew, for every i oo of the Value

- v — Chestnuts, the Bushel —

- Fillachia Nuts, the lb. —

- Small Nuts, the Bushel —

- Walnuts, th»* Bushel —

Nux Vomica, the lb. —

O.

See Bark.

See Boards in Wood.

See Knees of Oak, in Wood. See Wood.

Sec Wood.

Oak, viz.

- i — Bark.

- Boards.

- Knees.

- Plank.

- Tiihber.

Oakum, the cwt.

Oars. See Wood.

Oats and Oatmeal. See Reference in Corn. Oil, viz.

- of Almonds, the lb.

- of Amber, the lb.

- of Anniseed, the lb.

- of Caraway Seeds, the lb.

- of Caltor, the lb.

- of Cinnamon, the oz. Troy

- of Cloves, the lb.

- Fish Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

- of Hempfced, the Tun of 252 Gallons

- of Jessamine, the lb. —

- of Juniper, the lb.

- of Linfecd, the Tun of 252 Gallons

- of Mace, the lb. —

- of Marjoram, the lb.

A.D. 1805.

Duties. j Drawbacks.

£ d> £ ' d-

9 2 11 0 2 8

049 O46

20 5 4 16 13 4

021 0 2 1

O 2 11 0 2 11

O OIO 0 0 9

0 3 0 0 2 t

0 1 2 0 1 1

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 6 0 2 2

0 0 5 0 0 4

0 1 ioi 0 1 5i

0 1 3 0 0 11

-0 1 6 0 1 4

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 0 5 0 0 2

0 0 10 0 0 9

0 2 9l 0 2'

0 1 0; 0 0 9i

© 0 7i 0 0 lx

0 3 0 3

0 5 6 0 3 6

9 7 0 8 1 0

0 2 6 0 1 11

0 0 1 0 0 0

16 10 iO J4 11 10

0 3 10 0 3 6

0 1 0 1 9*

Oil,

Oil, continued.

- of Nutmegs, the lb.

- of Oranges, the lb.

- ordinary Oil of Olives, as Seville, Minorca, Majorca, Apuglia, Provence, and

Portugal, and all other ordinary Oil of Olives, the Tun of 252 Gallons; viz.

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping -

- Palm, the cwt.

- of Rapeseed, the Tun of 252 Gallons -

- of Rosemary, the lb.

- Sallad Oil, the Gallon; viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

-in Foreign Shipping -

- of Sassafras, the lb.

- Seal Oil, as Train Oil.

- Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or described, the Tun of 252 Gallons —

- of Thyme, the lb.

- of Turpentine, the t 00 lbs.

- of Vitriol, the 100 lbs.

- of Walnuts, the Gallon -

w — Whale. See Train Oil.

- all other Oils, being chemical Oils, not particularly enumerated or described,

for every / ico of the Value —

« — or Blubber from Fish, the Tun of 252 Gallons; viz.

- Blubber of Newfoundland, of the Fishing of the United Kingdom, or of the

Fishing of Newfoundland -

Blubber of any other Sort, of the Fishing of the United Kingdom - of Foreign Fishing —

- Fish Oil, or Train Oil, of the Fishing of the United Kingdom —

- of Foreign Fishing -

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, of Fishing of the United Kingdom —

- > - of Foreign Fishing -

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Oil or Blubber of

Whales and Seal Oil, may be imported, under the Duties imposed on such Articles of British Fishing or Taking, fee this Act 22, 23, 24.] Oil Cloth. See Linen.

Oker or Ochre, the Bushel -

Olibanum or Incense, the cwt.

Olive Oil. See Oil.

- Wood. See Wood.

Olives, the Hogshead of 63 Gallons -

Onion Seed. See Seed.

Onions, the Bushel — — # —

Open Tapes as Haberdashery-

Opium, the lb.

Opoponax. See Gum.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon -

Oranges, the 1000 -

- Juice. See Juice of Lemons and Oranges.

- Peel. See Cortex.

Orchal, the cwt.

Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt.

Ore, viz.

- Copper. See Copper.

- Gold, free.

- Iron. See Iron.

- Lead. See Lead.

- Silver, free.

- not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the Value —

Organzine Silk. See Silk.

Origanum; the lb.

- Oil of, as Oil of Thyme in Oil.

Orpiment or Auripigmentum. See Arfeaick.

45 Geo. III. Rr

£ t. d. £ X. d.

O 69 O 3 9

O 2 2 0 1 10

6 7 6 1 11

9 4 xo 7 0 2

0* 3 091 r

16 10 JO 13 l9 1

0 1 3 0 1 x

0 2 2 0 2 0

0 3 0* 0 3 0

0 1 8 0 1 2

8 16 0 6 16 0

0 1 u* 0 1 9i

X 11 3 1 IO 9

1 0 JO 1 0 10

0 2 2 0 i 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 4 8 0 0 0

0 11 7 0 0 0

23 2 0 16 2 0

0 '7 4 0 0 0

23 2 0 16 2 0

2 6 2 0 0 0

24 5* 16 18 x

0 1 7 0 1 2

1 11 8 197

3 189 2 18 5

0 0 7* 0 0 4L

0 3 8 0 3 2

0 i ic i 0 1 64

0 '4 7 0 14 7

0 6 11 0 5 2

0 5 6 0 0 6

20 S 4

o o

j6 13 4

O O 2\

Orris

See Skins.

Orris Root. See Iris Root.

Orfedew or Frosting, the lb.

Oflrich Feathers. See Feathers.

Otter Skins. 7 ,

Ounce Skins. J '

Outnal Thread. See Thread.

Ox Hair, Hides, and Horns. See Hair, Hides, Horns. Oxen. See Cattle.

Pack Ducks. See Drillings in Linen.

Packing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Pack Thread. See Thread.

Paling Boards. See Boards in Wood.

Pails or Kits of Wood, the Dozen Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters Colours, not particularly enumerated or described, for every f iqo of the Value, —

Paintings on Glass, for every £ 100 of the Value Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of the

Value — — — __

Palm Oil. See Oil.

Panthers Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.

Paper, viz.

- for and upon every lb. weight Avoirdupois,

- of all Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to, the

Ufe8 and Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all Elephant Paper, and of all Cartridge Paper —

- of all coloured Papers and Whited Brown Papers, other than except Elephant and Cartridge Papers, fit or proper for the Use or Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and, printing, or any of them - [

- of Brown Paper fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up!

Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, ! the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any ofl them, and of all Button Paper or Button Board —

- of Paper fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the

Uses or Purposes of Paper Hangings -

- for every hundred weight,

- of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper -

- of glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpressers — 7 —

- Gold Paper, the irnall gross -

- Hangings, for every square Yard -

- of all forts, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, and not particularly enumerated or described, for every lb.

Parchment, the Dozen of 12 Sheets Pasteboards, or Millboards. See Paper.

Paving Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl Ashes, as Ashes.

Pearl or hulled Barley, the cwt. —

Pearls. See Jewels.

Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel —

Peas. See Com.

- if for lowing, free.

Pellitory, the lb.

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for every £100 of the Value Pens, for every £100 of the Value

d.

0010

20 5

3 3 o

33 0 0

009

- I006

o o o o

2 O

1 o o 8 o o

O I

2 9

O 13

O I O I

o o

20 5 20 5

£f* d* 008

o i 6

1613 4

29 8 o

29 8 o

069

006

003

004

200 100 048 oo 5

o I o 170

12

016

o o 10

O o 2£

t6 13 4 16 1 34 Pepper,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 18.

307

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Duties. Drawback?.

Pepper, the Up. viz. '

- black or white, of the East Indies

- Cayenne —

*...Guinea —

long

£ d-

£ s.

Perfumed Oil, as Chemical Oil.

Perfumery, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £iOO ofi the Value -

Perry, the Tun of 252 Gallons -

Peruvians Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, old, for every £100 of the Value -

Pickled Cucumbers. See Cucumbers.

Pickles, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ioo'of the Value — Pictures and Picture Frames, for every^100 of the Value Pig Iron. See Iron.

- Lead. See Lead.

Pill Boxes. See Boxes.

Pimento, the lb. viz.

- of the British Plantations -

- not of the British Plantations -

Pink Root, for every £ ico of the Value —

Pins. See Haberdashery.

Pipe Boards. See Boards in Wood,

Piftachia Nuts. See Nuts.

Pitch, the Last of 12 Barrels, ' each Barrel of 3 il Gallons, viz.

- of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom -

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

- of the Produce of any other Place

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping -

- Burgundy or Rhinehuru, the cwt.

Planks. See Wood.

Plants and Trees. Free.

Plaflerof Paris, the cwt.

Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be remanufactured, free as Bullion.

- of Gold wrought, for every *100 of the Value —

--further, for every oz. Troy thereof —

- of Silver gilt, Part gilt, or ungilt, for every £100 of the Value — further, for every oz. Troy thereof

if git if Pai

Part gilt —

if ungilt —

particularly enumerated or described, for every £100 of]

Plated Wares, not the Value

And further, for every oz. Troy of Plate thereof Platters of Wood, the Dozen —

Platting or other Manufactures of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horsehair, to be used in, or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, for every £100 of the Value — . Plumbs, drkd, as Groceries.

Polonia Wool, as Spamfti. See Wool.

Pomatum, the lb. —

Pomegranates, the ioco j —

- Peels, the cwt. —

Pomice Stones. See Stones.

Poppy-heads, or Capita Papaverum, the 1000 Porcelane. See China.

Pork, as Provisions.

Pot Allies, as Allies.

Potatoes, as Provisions.

Pots, viz.

- melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100

of Stone, for every £ioo of the Value

0 I 0 1

0 3 ii 0 2 9i

0 0 5 0 0 4

0 0 5 0 0 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

12 12 0 12 12 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 0 4. 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

00 0 5 0 H 9

1 1 8 0 18 0

I 2 6 0 18 10

O9«i 0 8

O O 7 0 0*,

l6 l6 2 16 16 2

0 8 2 0 2 4

16 6 2 16 6 2

0 1 2 0 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 9

0 1 0 0 0 9

20 5 4 16 l3 4

0 090 0 9

0 090 0 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 1 0 0 9

1 2 6 0 Jf 2

0911 0 6 5

0 2 Bi 0 J nl

0 2 3i 0 1}

44 0 0 4° 8 0 Poiritry,

Poallrry, as Provisions.

Powder. See Gunpowder, Hair Powder, Sago Powder.

Precious Stones. See Jewels.

Precipitate. See Mercury.

Prints of Paper, plain or coloured, for every £100 of the Value Printers Ink. See Ink.

Printing Letters or Types, theewt. —

Provisions, (not being Groceries) not particularly enumerated or described, for every /100 of the Value -

Prunell Sal. See Sal.

Prunelloes, the lb.

Prunes, the cwt. viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- iu Foreign Shipping —

Pfyllium, the lb.

Puiie, as Provisions.

Pyrmont Water. See Wat el*, Mineral.

Q-

Quafiia Wood. See Lignum Quaflia.

Queensborough Canvas See Canvas in Linen.

Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark. See Bark.

Querne Stones. See Stones.

Quicksilver, or Argentum Vivum, the lb. —

Quinces, the 100 -

R.

Racoon Skins. See Skins.

Raddle, the Barrel -

Radix, viz.

- Contrayerva, the lb.

- Enuhr Campanae, or Efulae, theewt. —

- Eringii, the lb.

- Ipecacuanha, the lb.

- Serpentarije, or Snake Root, the lb. —

Rags, old, of Linen, fit only for making Paper, free.

Railing, theewt. viz.

--Belvidere, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- Denia, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

Faro, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - — in foreign Shipping

Lexia, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign Shipping —

Lipari, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

£. s. C d.

33 0 0 h> vo 00 0

1 14 8 i 10 8

13 5 79*3 7

e'* GO O O Vo 0 0

0 6 8 042

0 7 3 049

O O 2\ O 0 2z

- in foreign Shipping

- Smyrna, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign Shipping —

- of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign Shipping

- not particularly enumerated or described, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign Shipping

Rape Seed and Oil. See Seed, Oil.

- of Grapes, for every £ 00 of the Value

Ratifia. See Cordial Water in Spirits.

Rattans. See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn and Silk. Sec Yarn Silk.

Razors, the Dicker of 10 Razors Red Lead. See Lead.

- Wood. See Wood.

- Wool. See Wool.

O 1 1 0 1 r

O 1 ft 0 1 3

O 1 10 0 1 8

0 0 0 0

O 10 0 0 10 0

O 0 2i 0 0

O 2 0 2 4i

O 1 3 0 1 2

O 18 0 16 00

O 18 4 0 16 It

d 16 6 0 15 2

0 16 05 4?

0 18 U 0 16 8J

0 18 4 0 16 11

0 18 9i 0 16 ni

0 19 °i 0 J7

0 18 U 0 16 Si

0 18 4 0 16 11

1 1 3i 1 0 5i

1 1 1 0 10J

1 4 4i 1 1 7x

1 10 0 1 8 3

0 16 6 0 2

0 16 8J 0 4*

to 5 4 163 4

0 690 6 t

Reed

SCHEDULE. (A.) — Inwards.

Reed Canes. See Canes.

Regulus, the cwt. —

Reiina Jalappse, for every £100 of the Value Rhinehurst Pitch. See Pitch.

Rhodium Lignum. See Lignum.

Rhubarb, the lb. —

Pibba td, the lb. of 16 oz. viz.

- of Silk -

- of Gold, or Silver, or both —

Rice, the cwt.

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rock Moss. See Moss.

Romanum Vitriolum. See Copperas Blue.

Ropes, vh:

- of Bast. See Bast Ropes.

- New. See Cordage.

- Old. See Junk.

Rose Copper. See Copper.

Rose Leaves. See Leaves of Roses.

Rosemary, Oil of See Oil.

Rosin, or Colofonia, the cwt. viz.

- of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crowa of the United Kingdom -

- not of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the

Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in foreign Shipping

- of the Produce of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

Round Wood See Wood. '

Rubies. See Jewels.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rye, as Corn.

S.

Sable Skins. See Skins.

Saccharum Saturni, for every *100 of the value —

Safflower, the lb. —

Saffron, the lb. —

Sagapenum Gum. See Gum.

Sago, viz.

- whole, the lb.

- powdered, for every £100 of the Value -

Sail Cloth. See Canvas in Linen.

Sal, viz.

- Alkali, the lb.

- Ammoniacum, the lb. —

- Cornu Cervi, the lb.

- Glauber, the cwt. —

- Prunella, the lb. —

- Succini, the lb.

- Tartari, the lb.

- Volatile Ammoniacum, for every ^100 of the Value

Salep or Salop, the lb.

Sahad Oil. See Oil.

Salt, viz.

- White, or Bay, the Bushel of 56 lbs. —

- not Bay, the Bushel of 56 lbs. —

- Rock, the Ton of 40 Bushels, each Bushel of 65 lbs.

- As to Salt from Great Britain, See this Act [$ 7.]

Salt Petre, the cwt. —

Sand Boxes. See Boxes.

Sandrake Gum. See Gum,

Duties.

O9H

33 o 0

O 2 11

7 3' o

891 o 5 10

£ j. d.

O 6 0

29 8 0

0 2 3

7 O 6

8 I 1

0 5 2

026

O 3 61 o 3 9

Drawbacks.

0 2 2 O 3 2x

035

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 5 0 0 2

0 4 8 0 3 5

0 0 5 0 0 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 3 0 1 2

0 0 0 0

0 0 5 0 0 5

0 j6 6 0910

0 0 3l 0 0 3l

0 1 10* 0 1 Si

0 0 4 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 7i 0 0 5i

0 1 5

0 2 0 —

3 0 0 —

0 0 3 —

Sanguis*

Sanguis Draconis, the lb.

Sarcocolla Gum. Sec Gum.

Sarsaparilla, the lb., — "' —

SafTafras, the cwt. x -

- Oil. See Oil.

Saunders or Sanders Wood, viz.

- Red, the cwt. "

- White or Yellow, the lb.

ScaLboard. See Paper.

Scammony, the lb. —

Scoops of Wood, the Dozen —

Scordium, the lb.

Sculptured Marble. Sec Stones.

Sea Cow Teeth, the lb.

Sea Holly Roots, the cwt.

Sea Horse Teeth, the lb.

Sea Morse Teeth, the lb.

Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

- Skins. See Skins.

Seeds, viz.

- Anniseed, the cwt. —

- Canary Seed, the cwt.

- Carraway, the cwt.

- Carthamus, the lb.

- Clover, the cwt.

- Cole, the Quarter of 8 Bushels -

Coriander, the cwt.* -

- Cummin, the cwt.

*----- Fennel, the lb.

- Fenugreek, the cwt.* -

- Garden Seed, or Forest Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, the lb.

- Hemp Seed, free.

- Linseed, or Flax Seed, free.

- Lucem Seed, the cwt.

- Maw, the cwt.

- Millet, the cwt.

- Mustard, the cwt.

- Onion, the cwt.

- Pioni or Peoni, the lb.

- Rape, the Quarter of 8 Bushels -

- Worm, the lb.

- Not particularly enumerated or described, and not being Drugs, for every £100 of the Value -

- Lac. See Gum Lac.

- Oil. See Oil.

Senna, the lb.

Serpentaria Radix. See Radix.

Shaven Latten. See Latte n.

Shaving for Hats. See Platting.

Sheep as Provisions.

Skins. See Skins.

Sheeps Wool. See Wool.

Sheet Lead. See Lead.

Shell Lac. See Gum Lac.

Shells, Mother-of-pearl. See in M.

Ships, viz*

- Prize Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails), for every ^i°o of the Value —

Shovels of Wood, unfhod, the Dozen " —

Shruff, or Old Brass, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt.

Shumac, or Snmac, the cwt. —

Silk, viz.

- Kiiubs, or Husks of Silk, the lb. of, 21 oz.

- Lace. See Lace.

500 042 o 12 10 o 3 1

006

Duties. Drawbaj l!: s.

£ s. d. £ X. d.

O 1 1 O 0 11

O I 1 O I 0

O 4 0 O 3 4

O 8 3 O P 9

O 0 8 O 0 1

O 4 5 O 3 8

O 1 8 O 1 6

O 0 3 O 0 2

O 0 10 0 0 8

0 12 1 O 10 0

O 1 0 0 0 11

O 0 11 O 0 10

O 17 11'O 15 8

I 6 3 I 3 5

0 7 9t O 7

0 0 3i O 0

0 7 2i O 4 Si

03 2 O911

0 7 O 6 4i

0 ti iol O 10 of

0 0 2i O 0 2i

0 5 7z O 49»

0 0 3 O 0 3

0 6 7 O 3 7

0 16 6 O 12 9

0 3 10 O 2 10

0 2 4 O 1 10

0 18 7 0 13 7

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 5 0 0 3 7

0 1 2 0 1 1

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 0 0 0 9l

° 3 5 o 10 2

023

00 s Silk,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inward*.

Silk, continued.

- Organzine, the lb. of 16 oz. —

- Raw, of Turkey, the lb. of 2402* — '*

- of any other Country, except His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations,

the lb. of 24 oz. —

- of the British Plantations, the lb. of 24 oz.

- Thrown, dyed, the lb. of 16 oz. —

- undyed, the lb. of 16 oz. —

- Waste Silk not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. of 16 oz. —

- Wrought, mixed with Gold or Silver, or both, not particularly enumerated

or described, the lb. of 16 oz.

- Manufactures of all other Sorts, whether of Silk only, or mixed with any other Materials, and not being particularly enumerated or described, the lb. of 16 oz.

- Worm Gut, for every/*ioo of the Value —

Silver Coin and Plate. Sec Coin, Plate.

Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex.

Singing Birds. See Birds.

Sifters Thread. See Thread.

Skeets for Whitfters, the Skeet / t —

Skins, viz.

- Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin —

- Bafu. See Leather.

- Bear, undrjffed, the Skin —

- 1 Beaver, undressed, or Indian, half dressed, the Skin, viz.

- of the British Colonies or Plantations

- of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

- of any other Place —

- if dressed in Oil, a further Duty, the lb. —

- Buck or Deer. See Deer in Skins.

- Calabar. See Squirrel.

- Calve, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any Way dressed, the Dozen

Skins,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in foreign Shipping -

- tannr^l, the lb.

- but if dressed in Oil, a further Duty for every lb. —

- Cat, undressed, the 100 Skins -

- Coney, undressed, the Dbzen Skins -

- Cordivants, dressed, of Spain, the Dozen -

of Turkey, the Dozen -

Deer, undressed, the Skin — dressed, the Skin —

Indian, half dressed or shaved, the Skin

Duties. Drawbacks.

- Dog in the Hair, net tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Dozen

Skins,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping -

- 1 Dog Fish, undressed, the Dozen Skins —

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Skin,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- Ermine or Annin, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins —

- Fisher, undressed, the Skin -

- Fitches, undressed, the Skin -

- Fox, undressed, the Skin -

Tails, for every JT100 of the Value —

- Goat, raw or undressed, viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Dozen

- in Foreign Shipping, the Dozen —

- tanned, the Dozen -

- but if dressed in Oil; a further Duty, the lb.

- Hare, undressed, the 120 Skins -

£ d. c- /. d.

0 3 8 0 2 11

0 2 6 0 1 11

0 2 7 0 1 11

0 c90 0 1

091 0 8 4

0 6 4 0 5 7

0 0 6 0 0 4

7397 11 2

5 T3 4 5 11 2

20 5 4 163 4

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 0 11 0 0 9

0 7 7 0 6 7

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 0 30 0 3

a 1 2 0 0 0

0 .4 2 0 3 0

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 16 4 7i 0 H 1

0 0 0 0 51

1 2 0 0 16 10

0 19 6 0 16 7

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 X 0 0 0 10

0 390 2 9

0 0 8 0 0 f

0 1 0 0 0 5

0 16 8 0 '5 2

0 2 0 0 1 1 a

0 0 2 3 0 0

0 0 0 0 4±

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 10 0 0 2

090 0 7 4

2 892 4 5

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 4 6 0 1 6 Skins,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Skins, continued.

--Hufle, undressed, the Skin —

- Kid in the Hair, the 100 Skins —

- dressed, the tod Skins —

- Lamb, undressed in the Wool, the 120 Skins

- dressed in Alum, Salt, or Meal, the too Skins

- dressed in Oil, the too Skins —

- and further for every lb.

- Slink, undressed, in the Wool, the 120

- Leopard, undressed, the Skin —

- Lion, undressed, the Skin —

- Marton or Martron, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins

- Tails, undressed, the 120 —

- Minever, the Mantle —

- Mink, undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins

- tawed, the Timber of 40 Skins —

- Mole, undressed, the Dozen -

- Moose, undressed, the Skin —

- Mufquafh, undressed, the 100 Skins —

- Otter, undressed, the Skin —

- Ounce, undressed, the Skin —

- Panther, undressed, the Skin —

- Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen —

- dressed, the Dozen

of all other Sorts, undressed, the 100

Racoon, undressed, the ico Skins Sable, undressed, the Skin —

Tails or Tips of Sable, undressed, the Piece

- Seal in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom, the Skin -

- in Foreign Shipping, the Skin -

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Seal Skins may be imported under the Duties imposed on such Skins of British Fishing or taking, See this Act [} 22, &c.]

- Sheep, undressed, in the Wool, the Dozen Skins —

- dressed in Oil, tanned, or tawed, the Dozen Skins

- and further as dressed in Oil, for every 1 o lbs.

*--Squirrel or Calabar, Undressed, the Timber of 40 Skins

- tawed, the Timber of 40 Skins

- Tails, for every £ 100 of the Value

- Swan, undressed, the Skin -

--Tyger, undressed, the Skin -

- Weasel, undressed, the 120 Skins —

--Wolf, undressed, the Skin — ' —

- tawed, the Skin -

- Wolverings, undressed, the Skin —

- And also such of the Skins herein-before enumerated, except those which are particularly provided for as tanned or dressed in Oil, shall be subject to the following further Duties, viz.

- if tanned, for every 10 lbs. —

- if dressed in Oil, for every lb. —

Skins and Pieces of Skins, not particularly enumerated or described, whethef undressed, or tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, for every £i°C «f' the Value -

- and further, if tanned*, for every ] o lbs. —

- if dressed in Oil, the lb. —

Slate Pencils, for every , £100 of the Value —

Slates in Frames. See Stones.

Slick Stones. See Stones.

Smalts, free.

Smyrna Raisins. See Raisins.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentariae Snuff, the lb.

- See also Schedule B. #2

Duties.

Drawbacks.

5:

£ /. d £. s. d.

O 0 3 O 0 3

O 1 1

I 17 6 I3 8

O 7 10 O 4 0

I 2 6 O J9 6

2 12 10 2 0 10

O 0 7 O 0 7

O 2 7 O 1 11

O 10 2 O91

O 4 2 O 3 9

3 16 10 3 12 6

0 13 6 03 2

0 4 7 0 4 0

1 H 4 1 2 10

199199

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 4 1 0 3 7

1 0 4 0 18 3

0 2 5 0 1 11

0 5 4 0 4 8

0 8 4 0 7 3

0 2 2 0 1 10

0 3 10 0 3 7

0 12 4 0 IO 11

1 10 2 0 l9 4

0 4 5 0 3 10

0 090 0 7

0 0 1

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 1 JO 0 1 5

0 6 5 0 6 3

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 3 4 0 2 7

0 4 5 0 3 1

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 6 0 1 3

0 5 0 0 3 9

0 4 2 0 1 6

0 8 IO 0 "7 2

0 12 4 0 ir 0

0 5 2 0 4 8

0 t 2 0 1 2

0 0 3 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 2 0 1 2

0 0 3 0 0 3

20 5 4 16 J3 4

O 2 4

Snuff

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Snuff Boxes. See Boxes.

Soap, viz.

- Ashes. See Ashes.

- Hard, the cwt.

- Soft, or Black Soap, for erery £100 of the Value

Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Spa Ware, for every £ 100 of the Value —

- Water as Mineral Water, in Water.

Spanish Wool. See Wool.

Spars. See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt.

Spermaceti, viz.

- Fine, the lb. —

- See also Candles, Oil.

Spirits, the Gallon, viz.

- Arquebusade —

- Arrack -

i --- Brandy, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign Shipping

- Citron Water, or other Cordial Water, not particularly enumerated or described,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

Duties.

Drawbacks.

in foreign Shipping — - Geneva, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign Shipping —

- of Hart (horn, for every £ 100 of the Value —

- Hungary Water -

- Lavender Water — " —

Rum, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations.

- Rum or Spirits of the Produce of the British Plantations may be warehoused without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Regulations.

- not of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

- aQ other Spirits, not particularly enumerated or described,

- > imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

> - — in foreign Snipping And for and upon every Gallon of Spirits, called Brandy, Geneva, and Rum, above the Quality of Single Spirits, an additional Duty for such Spirits to be paid in Proportion to the Duties payable for Single Spirits pt the like Denomination, according to the comparative Degree of Strength which they shall bear to Single Spirits of the like Denomination. Spiritus Vitrioli. See Oil of Vitriol.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, the lb. —

Spouts of Wood, for every £ 100 of the Value,

Spruce, viz.

- Beer. See Beer.

- Essence of, for every £\ 00 of the Value

- Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Squills, the cwt. —

Squirrels Skins. See Skins.

Stags Horns. See Horns.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt

Starch may be imported Regulations. Stavefacre, the cwt.

Staves. See Wood.

Steel, the cwt. viz.

- Gad Steel

- Long* Steel

- Wire. See Wire.

- Wisp -r-

45Gcp.HI.

free of Duty, under certain Conditions and

sf

c d. £ d.

I 5 3 I 2 9

39 2 O 7 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 16 6 O 12 9

0 1 6 O 1 S

094 O91

094 O91

091 O 8 10

0 10 1 O9i

094 O91

0 10 4 O 10 1

090 O 8 10

0 1° 0 O910

33 0 0 29 8 0

094 09z

094 09X-

0 7 3 0 7 X

0 i 10 0 09K>

0 11 0 0 10 9

093 090

0 10 3 0 10 0

0 1 3 0 0 11

20 5 4 16 J3 4

20 5 4 163 f

0 5 4 0 3 4

0 IS 10 0 n 7

0 >7 IX 03 3

0 11 0 09<*

0 6 8 0 4

0 6 ix 0 4

Stibitn*.

SCHEDULE (A.) — lNWAKjgs.

Fium. See Antimonitmpre'paratum.'*P

PTck Lac. See Gum Lac?^.

Stock Fish. See Fish. '*jf

Stockings, for every /'ioooof the ValUe, viz.

- Cotton, Thread, or Worsted -

Stocks for Anchors. See Anchor ^tocks in Wood.

Stone Bottles. See Bottles.

Stones, viz.

- Blood Stones, the lb.

- Burrs for Mill Stones, the too — ' -

- Bulls. See Sculptured Marble (post)

- Dog Stones, not exceeding Feet in £>iameter, above 6 Inches and under 12 Inches in Thickness, the Last of Three Pair

- Emery Stones, the cwt. —

- Filtering Stones, for every £100 of the Value

- Flag Stones, the 100 Square Feet

- Flint for Potters, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Grinding Stones, the Chalder of 30 cwt.

- 1*Marble Blocks, for every £ 100 of the Value

- , Mill Stones, above Feet in Diameter, or upwards, the Piece —

- Pomice Stones, the Ton of 20 cwt*

- Quern, not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Last of Three

Pair, viz.

- under 3 Feet in Diameter —

- 3 Feet and not above Feet in Diameter

- Sculptured Marble, or Stone and Statuary, for every *ico of the Value — — Slates in Frames, the Dozen, viz.

«' not exceeding 12 Inches in Length

exceeding 12 Inches in Length

if 12 Inches in Thickness or

- Slick, the 100 Stones

- Whet, the 100 Stones —

Storax or Styrax, Calamita, and Liquida, the lb.

Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

- Platting. See Platting.

Stuffs of all Sorts made of, or mixed with Wool, not particularly enumerated or described, the Yard

And if mixed with Silk, for every lb. a further Duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.

Succades or Succards, the lb. —

Succini Sal. See Sal.

Succinum. See Amber.

Succus Liquoriti* or Liquorice Juice or Ball, the cwt.

Sugar, the cwt. viz.

- not being of the British Plantations 5

- White

- Brown or Muscovado

- of the British Plantations;

White Brown or Muscovado

A Drawback is allowed by temporary Acts on the due Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar in the same State as imported, and Bounties are given on Refined Sugar made thereof, and British Plantation Sugar is allowed to be warehoused in Ireland, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the East Indies, having been imported into England by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for every £ieo of the Value thereof, British Currency, according to the gross Price at which such Sugar shall have been publicly sold at the East India Company's Sale in London — - and further, for every cwt. of such Sugar' —

- Candy, the cwt. viz.

- brown -

- white -

refined, of $ill other Sorts, the cwt. —

IS

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ ' d. £ ' d.

t 0 O 40 8 0

0 2 2 018

I9I 097

O l8 2 0 11 10

OI I 010

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 16 6 089

Oil Oil

042 0 3 5

20 5 4 1613 4

0 19 6 075

1 5 0 1 5 0

078 ° 5 3

1911 5 X

u u 0 0 29 8 0

Oil 0 0 10

0 2 2 0 111

O 5 2i 049!

03 0 028

0 0 10 008

077 0 5 10

0 M 01 0 z 1

*3X1 19 7i

3 H 3 X4i

29295:

I 10 11* 1 6 6*

45 1 2 45 1 2

0 5 2 0 5

4 1294 12 9

7 8 4t 7 8 4*

7 8 7 8 4f

Sugar

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Sugar Moulds, the 100 Sulphur Vivum, the cwt.

Swan Skins. See Skins. Sweet Wood. See Wood. Sword Blades, the Dozen, viz.

- coarse

Duties.

£- s. d. 0132 o 10 10

o 12 6 084

Drawbacks.

£ d.

O XI ^4 0911

09 5

063

1

"I

Tacamahaca Gum. See Gum.

Talc, green, or white, the lb.

Tallow', the cwt — ' —

Candles. See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tanners Wade, for every £ 100 of the Value —

Tapes, as Haberdashery Wares.

Tapestry, not of Silk, for every £100 of the Value —

Tapioca, the lb.

Tar, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel of 31I Gallons, viz*

- of the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown

of the United Kingdom —

- of the Produce of the United States of America.

Schedule B.

- of the Produce of any other Place 5

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in foreign Shipping —

Barbadoes, the lb.

Tares, for every £ 100 of the Value -

Tarras, the Bushel -

Tartar, Cream of See Cream of Tartar.

TartariSaL See Sal.

Tea, viz.

- imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Sales of the East India Company in London, for less than 2l. 6d. British, the lb. avoirdupois, for every £10o of the Value thereof, according to such Price — — imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Sales of the East India Company in London, for 2 /. 6d. British, the lb. avoirdupois, or upwards, for every £100 of the Value thereof, according to such Price — Teafels, the icoo -

Telescopes, for every £ too of the Value -

Terra, viz.

- Japonica, for every £100 of the Value -

- Umbra, the cwt.

- Verda, for every/* 100 of the Value

Thermometers, for every/* 100of the Value —

Tholouse Woad. See Woad Thread, viz.

- Bruges or Bridges, the Dozen lbs. —

- Cotton, for every/ico of the Value —

- Gold and Silver Thread, the lb. —

- Outnal, the Dozen lbs

Pack Thread, the 100 lb. —

- Sifters Thread, the lb -

- Whited brown Thread, the Dozen lbs. —

- not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ioo of the Value —

Thrown Silk. See Silk.

Thyme Oil. See Oil.

T^cksn> } as Manufactures of Flax in I*ineiu

Tiffanies of Silk. See Silk Manufactures.

' Sf 2

o o 3}-o 1 10

0 © si 20 5 4

S3 o o

0031

S 0, 5

o 16 6i

o 17 6

O O 2\

13 5 7

006

00 3i O I 10

o o 16 13 > 29 8 o o

o 12

o 13

©4

o o

93 o o

4

o

2i

7i

7

7

4

5* 14 0 48 4'b

84 14 0 810

003 002

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 ° 29 8 0

0 6 ioi 0 s ii

20 5 4 16 13 4

ao 5 4 16 13 4

1 t 10 0 14

44 0 . 40 8 0

650 632

1 8 it 1 4

s 1 1 ii

068 049

I 8 i{ ! I 7 of

33 0 29 8

Tiles*

Tiles, viz.

- Flanders Tiles, the 1000 —

- Galleyke Foot Square —

- Pan Tiles, the 1000 —

- Paving Tiles, the 1000, viz.

- aot exceeding 10 Inches square —

- exceeding 10 Inches square —

- Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles not particularly enumerated or described, for

every /. 100 of the Value -

Timber. See Wood.

Tin, unwrought, the cwt. —

Tincal, as Borax unrefined.

Tin Foil, for every £ioo of the Value —

Tobacco, viz.

- unmanufactured, of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies,

Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, the lb.

- if imported by Strangers, or if it be by any LaW now in force

subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty for every lb. y-T — of the Produce of the States of America. See Schedule B.

Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses under certain Conditions, without Payment of the said Duties. It is also subject to a Duty of Excise.

Tobacco Pipes, the Gross -

Tongues, as Provisions.

Tonnage Duty. Sec Schedule D.

Tooth Powder, for every £100 of the Value -

Tomfal or Turnsole, the cwt. —

Tortoise Shell, the lb. —

Toys, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ioo of the Value Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.

Tran Oil. See Oil.

Trays of Wood, the Shock of 60 —

Trees and Plants, free.

Treenails. See Treenails in Wood.

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross of 12 Dozen —

Truffles, the lb.

Tubs of Wood not bound with Iron, the Dozen —

Turmeric, the lb.

Turnery, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £ 100 of the Value — Turpentine, viz.

- common, the cwt. —

- of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb.

- of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

- of Germany, or any other Place, not common Turpentine, and not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

Oil, or Spirit* of See Oil.

Tuttiac Lapis. See Lapi*.

Twine, the cwt.

Twist, viz.

- of Cotton of all Kinds, for every £ 100 of the Value of Gold, or Silver, or both, the lb. of 16 oz.

- for Band Strings. See Band Strings.

Tyger Skins. See Skins.

V.

Valonia, the cwt. —

Vamish, the cwt.

Vases, viz.

- of Stone or Marble sculptured. See sculptured Marble in Stones.

- of any other Sort for every £100 of the Value

Veal, as Provisions,

Vellum, the Skin -

it

/. d. £ / d.,

X 2 2. 0 6 10

0 0 4 0 0 3

I S 4 1 2 6

I 2 7, 1 0 0

I 1 lS91 0 9

33 0 0 29 8 0

0; l7 7 0: t3 7

3 3 0 0 29 8 0.

0 0 8 0 to 0

0 0 1 0 0 I

0 1 6 O X i

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 10 8 0 10

0 1 5 0 1 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 6 3 0 5

0 1 si 0 x oi

0 3 5i 0 3

0 1 1 0 0 9

0 0 3i 0 0 aj

3$ 0 0 29 8 0

0 3 0 3 ©i

0 0 H 0 0 61

0 16 6 0 13 9

1 3 si X O 2j

44 0 0 40 8 0

7 8 6 5 x4 9

0 1 0 0 0 1

0 12 5 0 11 g

33 0 0 29 0 GO

0 2 10 0 I Q

Verdegris,

Verdegris, viz.

- common, the lb.

*--- — chryftallized, the lb.

Verjuice. See Vinegar.

Vermicelli, the lb. —

Vermillion or Cinnabar, the lb.

Users. See Wood.

Vinegar or Verjuice, the Tun of 252 Gallons Vinelloes the lb. —

Violet Leaves. See Leaves.

Virginal Wire. See Wire.

Vitriol Oil. See Oil.

Vitriolum Romanum. See Copperas Blue. Umber. See Terra Umbra.

Vomica Nux See Nux Vomica.

Vulture Feathers. See Feathers.

W.

Wain scot Boards. See Boards in Wood.

- Logs. See Wood.

Walking Canes. See Canes.

Walnut Oil. See Oil.

Walnuts. See Nuts.

Washing Balls. See Balls.

Waste Silk. See Silk.

Watch GlafTes, for every £100 of the Value —

Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every £100 of the Value

- and further, for every Ounce Troy of Gold or Silver thereon

Water, viz.

1 — --- Arquebusade, Citron, Cordial, Hungary, Lavender. Bee Spirits.

- mineral or natural Water, the Dozen Bottles or Fla/ks, each Bottle or Flask not exceeding 3 pints —

- Strong Water. See Cordial Water in Spirits.

Wax, viz.

- Bees, unmanufactured, the cwt. —

- White or manufactured, not otherwise described, the cwt.

- Hard, the lb.

- Myrtle, or Bay, the lb. —

- Sealing Wax. See Hard Wax.

- Candles. See Candles*

Weasel Skins. ' See Skins.

Weed Ashes, as A (he*.

Weld, the cwt.

Whale Fins or Whale Bone, the Ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- of Foreign fiftiing —

-, — - of fishing of the United Kingdom, and imported in

Shipping thereof -

As to the Importation of Whale Fins, British caught and cured, fee this Act 22, &c.]

Whale Oil. Bee Oil.

Wheat. See Corn.

Whet Stones. See Stones.

Whip Cord, the lb.

Whilk Brooms. See Brooms.

White Boards for Shoemakers. See Boards in Wood.

White Lead. See Lead.

Wkkcr Wart, for every £100 of the Value —

£* /. d. £- r. i.

0 O 10 0 0 9

0 i 6| O 1 si

0 O 3i O 0

0 1 5i O 1 It

XO iS 5 8 7

0 6 7 0 5 9

83 16 s

33 o o

0X0

0 2

I l6 7

4 S 009 006

020 132 o o 1 13 o

004

20 5 4

*045 29 8 o 0x0

7

1 10 jo I 17 o 006 004

X 2 130 J O

I XI 3

003

16 13 4 Wine.

Wine, the Tun of 252 Gallons, viz.

--French, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- Rhonish, Germany, and Hungary Wines,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping —

- Madeira, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- .Portugal, Spanish, and Canaiy Wines, and all Wines of the Dominions of Spain, and the Wines of Sicily and Naples, and all other Wines not therwife enumerated or described,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

'Wire, viz.

- Brafg, or Copper, the cwt.

Gilt or plated, for every £100 of the Value —

- and for every oz. Troy of Gold or Silver thereon

- Iron, the cwt.

- Latten, the cwt.

- Silver or Gold, for every £100 of the Value —

- and further for every oz. Troy of such Silver or Gold —

- Steel, the lb.

- Virginal, Brass, or Copper, the lb. —

- Iron, the lb. —

- of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, for every 100 of the Value -

Wisp Steel. See Steel.

Woad, green Woad, the cwt. —

- Thouloufe Woad, the cwt. —

' Wolf Skins. 1 c 0,

Wolverings. J See Skins.

Wood viz.

- Anchor Stocks, each, viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

- of the.Produce of the British Plantations

- Allies. See Ashes.

- Balks the 120, viz.

- being 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Squander if 24 Fect Length or upwards/

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

- under £ Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

- of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 —

See also Schedule B.

- being 8 Inches Square and upwards, are to be considered as Timber,

and pay Duty as such.

- Barrel Boards. See Boards in Wood.

- Staves. See Staves in Wood.

£- s. d. £. i.

87 0 0 82 l6 0

9 0 00 0

0 0 55 5 6

61 H 8 57 0 2

50 1 2 55 I8 2

604 2 57 'i 2

5* TO 0 55 18 0

59 ]3 4 57 11 4

2 1 11 I I I 6

53 0 0 t9 8 0

0 090 0 9

4 8 7 39 6

1 J9 11 1 n 3

20 5 4 .6 13 4

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 1 1 0 i 0

0 1 5 0 1 4

0 1 6 0 1 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 7 0 1 9

045

1

1

o

3 5

o on o 1 o

5 3 10 3 X2 10

5 8 6 3 17 6

1 18 0 193

2 0 4 1 11 7

0 11 0 —

Wood

WOOD, continued.

- Battens and Batten Ends, not exceeding)Inches in Breadth, viz.

D

cq'

r+

n'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

BEING IN LENGTH, BEING IN THICKNESS NOT EXCEEDING, 1

t 2 Inches and 3 Inches. 3 Inches and Inches. 4 Inches and \

Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawback'. Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks.

BATTENS. & d. £ s. d. £ J. £ /. k 2. d. r- t. </. £ 4 f. </. C- s. </. £ j.

Feet and under i z Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom" - O 13 3 0 II 3 O 14 3 0 12 1 0 15 0 12 O l6 3 0 13 11 D 17 3 0 14 jp

- in Foreign Shipping - O J5 7 O »3 1 O 16 7 O : 4 4 0 J7 7i 0 15 2x\ O 18 7 O !6 1 O 19 8 07 2

12 Feet and under 14 Feet. 1

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - O >S 4i O 13 O7 0 0 14 3 0 18 ii 0 15 3i O TS> 3 O 16 4 I 0 4i 0 '17 Si

- O7 7i 0 l5 3i O 1890 16 3 1 0 0 17 9l I 1 3 O j8 it I 2 5i 1 0 ii

14 Feet and under 16 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - 0 17 7i 0 J4 104 O T9 0 0 16 1 1 0 ii 07 I 1 6 O 18 3 I 2 io\ 0 19

- in Foreign Shipping - I O 6i 0 17 Ji 1 2 11 0 18 10 1 3 2i 1 0 H I 49I 1 7 I 6 1 3 «i

16 Feet and under 18 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom O 1890 16 4 I 0 xi 0 17 7' 1 1 6 0 18 11 I 2 ipi I 0i I 4 3 1 1 S

- in Foreign Shipping - I I 8 0 l9 1 I 3 I 0 81 1 5 1 1 2 3 I 7 0; I 3 9l I 8 3 1 5 3

18 Feet and not exceeding 20 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - I I 3 0 18 4 I 2 6 09 7 1 4 0 1 1 2 I 5 3 I 2 10 I 7 0 1 3 11

- 1 3 5 I 1 5 I 5 1 I 2 11 % 8 1 4 7 I 8 5 I 6 3 I 10 r 1 1 8 4

Exceeding 20 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - 1 5 6 I 2 7 I 7 41 I 4 190.1 5 11 I 12 1! I 8 9i I 13 3 199

y in Foreign Shipping*1911 I 6 5 I ioi I 8 61 i 13 % 8 1 10 5 I 16 61 I 13 oi I9 1 1 15 S

BATTEN ENDS.

Under < Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - O 290 2 7 0 3 0 0 2 10 0 3 3 P 3 0 0 )3 7l O 3 4r O 3 10! 0 3 61

- O 3 3 0 3 1 0 3 7 0 3 5 0 3 10 0 3 7 C 4 ii O 3 9i O 4 4i 0 4 ii

5 Feet and under 8 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - O 390 3 6 O 4 0 3 9i © 4 71 0 4 ii O 5i O 4 61 O 5 6 6 4 10

m 0 4 4 0 4 1 O 4 9i 0 4 5i 0 5 ai 0 3 ioi O 5 «i O 5*l I O 6 3 0 5 10

b

a

oo

O

O-i

4*

S_r»

O

Q

w

O

a

n

00

Wood, (Battens) continued.

- Battens, and Batten Ends, of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America See also Schedule B.

' — — — exceeding 7 Inches in breadth to be deemed as Deal

Ends, and to pay Duty as such, according to their respective Dimensions.

- Beech Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

- Plank, being 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations

in America, the 120 —

See also Schedule B.

- Quarters, the 120, viz. being 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square,

.. imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping

- being under 5 Inches Square,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

1 of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Pro-duction of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 —

See also Schedule B.

- 1 — Boards, Barrel, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

- Beech, under 2 Inches in Thickness the 120, viz. being under 15 Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping

- being 15 Feet in Length or upwards,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping — Clap Boards, or Clap Holt, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in

Length, and under 8 Inches Square, the 120,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping — - — of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, and Plantations in America

See also Schedule B.

- Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, Feet in Length, the 120, viz.

- under 6 Inches in Thickness,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping — 1 — being 6 Inches in Thickness, or upwards,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — - — in Foreign Shipping — '1 - Oak, under 2 lnehes in Thickness, the 120, viz.

- under 15 Feet in Length,

- 1 imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- 15 Feet in Length or upwards,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

Paling, hewed on the One Side, the 120, viz.

- not exceeding 7 Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

s. d 5

*5 4 iS 8

° 3 4

14 8 2 6

10 6 12 10

011 o

>5 5

16 6

7 4

11 10

*4 4

18 o

5 7

6 4i

8 3

17

3

'i

9

3

6

6

18 6

3 6

10 7i 16 5;

4 4* 4 9i

00$

090 o 10 o

004

260

2 10 II

5

176

010

0 H 7

015 o

12 11

5 7

18 8 1 10 j

17 10! o 18 6J

009

229

B 3 + 5

516

in 2 116 2

1 19 Hi

2 J Hi

o 2 ioi

033

Woqd*

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Wood, (Boards) Paling, continued.

exceeding 7 Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

Pipe, under 8 Inches Square, the 120, viz.

- above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

exceeding 8 Feet in Length,

« — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 See also Schedule B.

- Wainscot, containing 12 Feet in Length, and 1 Inch in Thicknefa, and io in Proportion for any greater or less Length or Thickness, the Foot,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

in Foreign Shipping —

- of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 —

See also Schedule B.

- White. See Linn Boards, 1

- Boom Spars. See Spars, > in Wood.

Bowsprit8. See Malls, J

Boxwood, the Ton of, 20 cwt. viz.

- of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in America or

Africa -

- of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

- ' of any other Place,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping —

Brazil or Femambucco Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Cam, th? Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Cant Spars. See Spare.

- Clap Holt. See Clap Boards.

Duties.

£. , d.

086

091

3

1 6 1

1 7 3

1 8 4

067

O O lol o O Hi

034

2 8

2 II

3 3

0 II

1 5

Drawbacks.

o 4 10 OSS

o 13 o o 13 10

o 16 II o 1$ o

007

o o 61 o o 7ir

00$

o 1 9

19S 1 12 2 059 o 10 3 024

45 Geo. III.

T t

Wood

CO

to

to

WOOD, continued.

Deals and Deal Ends, the 120; tit*

D

eg'

« — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

£D

o

0§

FT

BEING IN L-NGTH,

DEALS,

8 Feet and under t 2 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

12 Feet and under 14 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom* — — in Foreign Shipping

14 Feet and under Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the TJnited Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

16 Feet and under 18 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

18 Feet and not exceeding 20 Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

--in Foreign Shipping

Exceeding 20 Feet and not exceeding 25 Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

Exceeding 25 Feet and under 30 Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

30 Feet and upwards.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

DEAL ENDS.

Under9Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in Foreign Shipping

5 Feet and under 8 Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — — in Foreign Shipping -

BEING IN THICKNESS NOT EXCEEDING,

2 - Inches. 3 Inches. - 3 I- Inches. 1 4 Inches. 4 J Inches.

Duties. Drawbacks Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks, j Duties. Drawbacks.

£ x. i. £- £ x. d /. d. £ X. d. x. d. £ X. </. £. X. d. X. d. X. d.

I 19I 0 6 I 3 71 I 2 21 I 5 7! I 4 U I 7 6 1 5 10 1941 I 7 5*

1 6 6 I 4 4 I 8 i I 3 84 I 10 4l I 6 4i I 12 5 1 10 4 1 !5 54 I 12 5i

I 5 3 I 3 10 I 7 _ I 11 I 5 ioi I 8 ioi I 7 8* I 10 7i 1954, 12 6 I 11 6

I97 1 8 2 I 11 Hi 1961 I4 24 I 12 s; I 16 54 1 15 ui 1 18 u I 14 7

1941 I 7 3i I 11 7i 1971 I H 4i I 11 ni t 17 ii 1 14 4i I l9 74 I 16 8{

I5 3i I 12 7i I7 ioi I J5 2 0 °i I 18 0; 2 2 9* 194 2 6 44 2 3

I 13 ioi I 11 21 I 1891 J4 8 2 2 ii I 17 4i 2 ? 4i 2 0 2 8 7i 2 2 94

I »9 4i I H 4ii 2 392 0 8 2 7 7i 2 3. ioi 2 11 5l 2 7 21 25 3 a 2 10 54

I 17 1 1 T I «4 5t' 2 04 I 17 44 2 392 0 6 2 7 0 2 4 3 2 10 4i 2 6 4i

2 2 oi 2 0 6i 2 5 4i 2 3 Hi 293 2 692 12 6 2 10 10 2 IS o4 2 15 2 4

2 4 6 2 2 5 2 7 ioi 2 5 CO 2 11 ii 29ii 2 14 6 2 T 2 8 2 1792 16 0

2 12 3 2 10 3 2 16 7» 2 '4 2* 3 0 5i 2 18 ii 3 3 3 3 2 2 3 8 2 3 7 1'

2 «4 6 2 11 4 2 18 7i 2 15 4l 3 292 19 10 3 6 10^ 3 4 104 3 1193 8 2

3 3 to 3 0 8 ! 397* 3 5 7i 3 10 3 10 6 3 19 51 35 4i 5 6 4 1 8

3 4 45 3 0 4» 393 3 4 11 3 14 3 3911 4 0 0 3 16 8 4 594 0 4

3 16 Ji 3 u 3r 4 3 7 3 J7 0 498 4 1 8 4 16 0 490 I 5 7 4 16 4

0 5 6 0 5 2 0 6 0 0 5 7 0 6 71 0 6 0 7 4i 0 6 7» 0 8 3 0 7 34

0 6 3 0 5 6 0 7 4 0 6 8 0 8 24 0 7 4i 0 8 ici 0 7 tii 0911 0 8i4

0 7 3 0 6 10 0 8 0 0 7 6 0 8 6 0 8 0 094i 0 8 8i 0 10 ii 093a

0 8 8 0 8 1 095 0 8 10 0 10 2 096 0 10 94 0 10 1 0 12 2 4 0 11 Ii

O

00

o

o

PJ

o

o

00

o

Lr»

t

SCHEDULE (A-) — Imwakdi.

Wood, continued, viz.

- Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the

British Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 See also Schedule B.

Ebony, the Ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies, Plantations,

or Settlements in Africa or America —

- « — of any other Country or Place

Fire Wood, the Fathom, being 6 Feet Wide and 6 Feet High, viz,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of the British Colonies or Plantations in America Sec also Schedule B.

Fir Quarters, the 1 ac, viz.

- under 5 Inches square, and under 14 Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- 5 Inches square and under 0 Inches square, if 24 Feet or upwards m Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of all other Sorts under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and

Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America See also Schedule B,

- Fir Timber. See Timber in Wood.

- Fustick, the Ton of jo cwt, —

- Guinea Wood. See Red Wood*

Handspikes, the mo, viz.

- >- under 7 Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plant*

tions in America -

See also Schedule B.

- being 7 Feet in Length and upwards,

imported in Shipping or the United Kingdom r, .^in Foreign Shipping —

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plant* tions in America -

See also Schedule B.

- Knees of Oak, under 8 Inches square, the 130, viz,

1 .r ... under 5 Inches square,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

being J Inches and under 8 Indies square,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

of all other Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the Growth or Prq. duction of the British Colonies or Plantations in America See also Schedule B.

- being 8 Inches square and upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet, viz-

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom in Foreign Shipping

of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, being 8 Inches square or upwards — See also Schedule B.

Lathwood, the Fathom, being 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, viz. in Pieces under j Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping' —

in Pieces, being 5 Feet In Length or upwards,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom* in Foreign Shipping —

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ /. d. £ /. d.

0 5 6 O 0 6

0 H 0

8 x6 0 8 5 9

0 2 3 0 X 8

0 a90 2 2

0 0 7 0 O X

X 4 2 1 X 8

X 7 6 X 4 3

2 8 4 2 2 6

25 0 2 7 7

0 IX 0 0 IX

016 6 0 1 4

0 5 6 0 4

0 5 7 0 4 3

0 1 6 0 0 2

0 890 7 i

096 0 8 2

0*9 0 0 3

0 7 6 0 s X

0 8 8 0 6 3

14 0 1 3 5

1X 3 9

0 5 6 0 0 4

Q 11 0 0 8 4

0 ii 1 09t

0 S90 0 4

0 17 90 !4 0

X 491 I 0

I 6 4' X e lot

X99 X 2 61

Wood,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Wood, continued.

- Lathwood in Pieces of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies and Plantations in America, the Fathom — See also Schedule B.

Lignum Vitae, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- >Linn Boards. See Boards in Wood.

- Logwood, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Logs, Wainscot. See Wainscot in Wood.

- Mahogany, the Ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- the Growth or Production of any Part of America or the West Indies -

- of the United States of America. See Schedule B.

- the Growth of any other Country or Place

- Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, being 6 Inches and under 12 Inches in Diameter,

the Piece, viz.

- 1 — being 6 Inches and under 8 Inches iir Diameter,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of the British Colonies or Plantations in America

See also Schedule B.

being 8 Inches and under 12 ftiches in Diameter,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping

- of the British Colonies or Plantations ip America

See also Schedule B.

- being 12 Inches and upwards in Diameter, the Load of 50

Cubic Feet, viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of the British Colonies or Plantations in America

See also Schedule B.

N.B. Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, under 6 Inches in Diameter, to pay Duty as Spars of the like Denomination

- Nicaragua Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Oak Boards. See Boards in Wood.

- Knees. See Knees of Oak in Wood.

Plank, being 2 Inches and upwards in Thickness, the Load of 50 Cubic

Feet,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the British Colo-

nies or Plantations in America, the 120 See also Schedule B.

- h — Timber. See Timber in Wood.

*--Oars, the 120 viz.

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in

America -

See also Schedule B.

Olive Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, in Africa or America —

See also Schedule B.

- of the Growth of any other Place —

- pJgBo^r8d.8' } See Boards 5n Wood-

- Plank, Beech. See Beech in Wood.

- Oak. See Oak in Wood.

- Red or Guinea Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Round Wood in Pieces under 8 Inches Square, the 120, viz.

> under 6 Feet in Length,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom^in Foreign Shipping* —

Duties. Drawbacks.

£. J. C /. d.

0 3 10 004

074 008

061 007

0 H 4 0 1 4

2114 1 18 4

027 0 in

028 020

022 0 1 6

054 0 36

058 0 4 5

04 5 031

0 17 3 098

0 18 4 0 10 9

0 15 5 0 7 to

2 12 5 1 16 5

0 1890 12 1

104 013 8

056 006.

3 1*9 4*

2 10 1 1 16 4

0 13*012

083 009

160 0 2

160 0 2 f

0 11 0 .056

0 12 1 067

r Wood,

Wood, continued.

- Round Wood, continued.

- being 6 Feet in Length and upwarda,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping —

- in Pieces of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, of the Growth and

Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America See also Schedule B.

- Sapan Wood, for every £ioo of the Value, viz.

- of the British Colonies or Plantations -

- of the Produce of any other Country -

- Spars, the 120, viz.

- under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive 0

the Bark,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping -

- being 22 Feet in Length and upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —

- 4 Inches and under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark/

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping —

- of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, of the

Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America —

See also Schedule B.

N.B. All Spars, 6 Inches and upwards in Diameter, are to pay Duty as Malls, according to their respective Dimensions

- Speckled Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, ii

or America —

See also Schedule B.

- 1 " — of the Growth of any other Country or Place

1 Spokes for Wheels, the 100c, viz.

- not exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

--imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping

- exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping

- of all Sorts of the Growth or Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America See also Schedule B.

- Staves of all Sort, the 120, viz.

- not exceeding 50 Inches in Length -

- exceeding 50 Inches in Length —

See also Schedule B.

- Sweet Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in Africa or America See also Schedule Bu

- of any other Country or Place -

- Timber, viz.

- Fir Timber, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet, viz.

- being 8 Inches fauare and not exce square.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping —

- exceeding 10 Inches Square,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

in Foreign Shipping —

C /. d.

120 on 0

1 4 2 0 13 a

022 00a

39 2 000

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 8 1 0 3 10

0 811 048

0 16 6 0711

0 17 7 090

1 15 2 0 17 4

1 17 5 0 19 7

0 Os 007

0 rr 0 010

2 15 0 2 3 4

1 7 10 0 19 10

1 10 1 I I IX

2 18 8*3

320 2 6 0

042 OO}

007 OOI

Oil OOI

0 11 0 0 4 9

360 2 16

0 8 10 072

090 08a

096 077

0 10 3 09s

Wood*

Wood, continued.

- Timber, (Fir Timber, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet, ) continued.

- being 8 Inches Square or upwards, of the Growth or]

Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America —

- Oak Timber, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic 1

Feet, viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - in Foreign Shipping* —

- > of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America -

See also Schedule B.

' — of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic beet,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —

- in Foreign Shipping -

of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America

See also Schedule B.

- Treenails, or Trenails, the 1000, viz

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — j

- in Foreign Shipping

- Users, the 130, viz.

- under 5 Inches Square, and under za. Feet in Length,

imported m Shipping of the United Kingdom — — in Foreign Shipping —

being 5 and under 8 Inches Square, or if a, 4. Feet in Length or up-| wards,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- in Foreign Shipping —.

- of all Sorts under 8 Inches* Square, of the Growth or Production of] the British Colonies or Plantations in America See also Schedule B*

Wainscot Boards. See Boards.

- Logs, 8 Inches Square or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet,

viz.

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — ' -p- in Foreign Shipping being of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America Sec also Schedule B.

- Yards. See Mails.

- unmanufactured, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £100 of the Value —

See also Schedule B-not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for] every £100 of the Value —

- of the Growth or Production of the United State# ofj

America.

See Schedule B*

Wool, viz,

- Beaver, the lb. —

- cut or combed, the lb*

Carmenia. See Goats Hair in Hair.

Conty, the lb*

- Cotton, the 100 lbs.

of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations! in America

- of the Growth or Production of Turkey r — of the Growth or Production of any other Country or Place — See also Schedule

£ d. £ A

o x 8 O O ft*

0 15 0 0 10 6

0 15 10 011 4

038 0 0

0 4 j 039

0 S 3 0 3 7

0 1 8 00a

0, 10 Olio

045 035

x 13 0 X 10 0

1 14 1 1 41 I

3 10 4 3 4 4

3 xx 6 3 S 0

0 8 10 0 0 10

0 17 8 09IX

0 1890 11 0

038 004

19*0 7 1

*034 16 13 4

O' 1 1

x 3 1 1 1 9

O O —

0 0 1

0«7 —

0 S39 —

Wool,

SCHEDULE (A.) — Inwards.

Wool, continued.

--Eftridge, or Ostrich, the cwt,

- imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom.

- in Foreign Shipping

- Goats. See Goats Hair in Hair,

- Hares Wool, the 100 lbs.

- Red Wool, free.

- Spanish, free.

- Turkey Goats. See Goats Hair in Hair,

Woollen Stuffs, See Stuffs.

- Yarn. See Yarn.

Worm feed. See Seed.

Worsted Tapes. As Haberdashery,

" Yarn. See Yarn,

Y.

Yards. See Mails in Wood.

Yarn, viz.

- Cable Yarn, the cwt, -

- Camel or Mohair, the lb. of 16 oz.

- ' Cotton, the lb.

- Grogram, the lb.

- Raw Linen Yarn, made of Flax, the lb. —

- Wick Yam, for every £ 100 of the Value —

- Woollen and Bay Yam, the cwt. —

- Worsted, being of two or more Threads, twisted or thrown, the lb.

- of any other Sort* not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every j£loO of the Value —

Yellow Berries. See Bernes,

Zaffre. See Cobalt.

Zedoaria, the lb.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, whatsoever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, and not being exempt from Duty, for every jf, 100 of the Value thereof, viz.

Being either in Part or wholly manufactured —

Not being either in Part or wholly manufactured —

Duties.

Drawbacks.

C d

o 5 10 o 12 6

o 3 o

a o 10

33

20

£ d

o s 10 o 12 6

003

0 3 JO 0 3 0

0 a90 0 6

0 0 4 0 3

0 0 10 'O 0 6

0 a 3 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 J9 7 0 11 8

0 0 8 0 0 7

33 0 09 8 0

009

29 B a

1613 4

Schedule

[Sc* f. 10.

M.]

Schedule (B.)

*/*&*- A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into Iceland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United States of America, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

INWARDS.

Duties.

Arrow Root, the cwt. —

Actes of all Kinds, free.

Beaver Skins. See Skins.

Blubber. See Oil.

Calve Skins. See Skins.

Colophonia, See Rosin.

Com. See Acts relating thereto, and Act 41 Geo. 3. U.K. c. 95.

Cotton Wool, the 100 lb. —

Gum, Cashew, the cwt. —

Hemp, Rough, free.

Hides, the Piece, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair

- Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair —

- 6r Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, for every £100 of the Value — Hops, the cwt. —

Indigo, the 100 lbs.

Iron, in fears or unwrought, free.

- Pig Iron, free.

M, t&.o, Wpriu. J^Wood.

Melasses, the cwt.

Oil, the Tun of 232 Gallons, viz.

- Spermaceti or Head Matter —

- Train Oil or Blubber or Fish Oil —

Pitch, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel of 31 and Half Gallons Provisions (not being Groceries) for every/'100 of the Value Rice, the cwt.

Rice, the Produce of the United States of America, maybe Warehoused on Importation, under certain Conditions.

Rosin, or Colophonia, the cwt. —

Seed, Hempfeed, free.

- Rape, the Quarter of 8 Buftiels —

Skins, Beaver, undressed, the Skin —

- Calve, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, nor in any Way dressed, the Dozen

Skins 1 —

Snuff, the lb.

Spermaceti, fine, the lb.

- Oil. See Oil.

Staves. See Wood.

Tar, the Last of 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 and Half Gallons — Tobacco, the lb. viz.

- unmanufactured —

- if imported by Strangers, or if 'by any Law now in force it be subject to

Aliens Duty, then a further Duty of -

Such Tobacco may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of the above Duties, under certain Conditions and Regulations.

Tobacco is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Tonnage Duty on Ships entering outwards or inwards.

See Schedule (D.)

Turpentine, Common, the cwt. "

Whale Fins, or Whale Bone, the Ton of 20 cwt.

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stocks, the Piece. —

- Balks of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120 Battens and Batten Ends of all Sorts, the 120* Beech Planks of all Sorts, the x*o —

-O 11

Drawbacks.

£. s. o 10 8

091 —

0 3 10 0 1 0

0 0 7^ 0 0 7i

0 0 7i 0 0 7i

20 5 4 J3 X

3 0 0 2 6

0 H 0

0 5 4 0 4 1

24 5 1 16 18 1

23 2 0 16 2 0

0 8 5 0 14 9

13 5 7913 7

0 5 10 0 S 2

0 2 6 0 2 2

0 S 0 0 3 7

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 1 2 0 0 0

0 2 5i 0 2 4f

0 1 6 0 1 J

0 15 0 0 12 L

0 0 8 0 0 t

0 0 1 0 0 I

0 3 0 3 oi

*3* 0 0 130 5 O

0 0 7 0 0 0

0 11 0 0 0 0

0 5 6 0 0 6

0 3 4 0 0 4

*3

Wood.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

0« 18«

Wood, continued.

- Beech Quarter* of all Sorts, under 8 Inches Square, the 120

- Boards, the 120, viz.

- Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under

8 Inches Square

- 1 Pipe Boards, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under

8 Inches Square, the 120

- Bowsprits. See Mails.

- Box Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, the 120 —

- Ebony, the Ton of 20 cwt.' —

- Fire Wood, the Fathom 6 Feet Wide and 6 Feet High

- Fir Quarters of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 122

- Handspikes, the 120, viz.

- under 7 Feet in Length —

- 7 Feet in Length or upwards -

- Knees of Oak of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120 —

- 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load of 50

Cubic Feet -

- Lathwood in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

- Lignum Vitae, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Mahogany, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Malls, Yards, or Bowsprits, 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,

the Piece —

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches,

the Piece —

- 12 Inches in Diameter and upwards, the

Load of 50 Cubic Feet

- Oak Plank, of all Sorts, the 120 —

- Oars, the 120 -

- Olive Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Round Wood in Pieces of ail Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

- Spars of all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

the 12c -

- Speckled Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Spokes for Wheels of all Sorts, the 1000 —

- Staves of all Sorts, the 120, viz.

- not exceeding 50 Inches in Length

- exceeding 50 Inches in Length —

- Sweet Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Timber; Oak, being*Inches square or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

- of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load of; c Cubic Feet -

- Users of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120 -

Wainscot Logs, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

- Yards. See Malls.

unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, not being exempt from Duty, for every j£100 of the Value —

Wool Cotton. See Cotton.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, in this Schedule, and not prohibited to be imported into, or used in Ireland, being of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the United States of America, and imported according to Law, shall and may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Custams (and also of Excise, in Cases where' Duties of Excise are due and payable thereon) and no higher, as are! payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination! or Description, upon their Importation into Ireland, in shipping of the United Kingdom, from any other Foreign Country; and in Cases where* different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, imported from different Foreign Countries, then, upon Payment of the lowell Duties which by Law arel required to be paid on the Importation in Shipping of the United Kingdom, of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any Foreign^, Country, according to Schedule A. of this Act.

45 Geo. in; u u

£ s. d. £ 1. d.

O 11 0 O I 9

O 8 3 O 0 9

O 6 7 O 0 7

1 1 2 O I 9

O 5 6 O 0 6

O H 0 0 0 0

O 0 7 O 0 1

O 11 0 O I 0

O 1 6 O 0 2

O 29O 0 3

O 5 / 6 O 0 6

O 3 8 O 0 4

O 3 10 0 0 4.

O 7 4 O 0 8

O 14 4 O I 4

0 2 2 O I

O 4 5 O 3 1

OS 5 O 7 19

O 5 6 O 0 6

O3 2 , 0 1 2

O 8 3 O 0 9

O 2 2 O 0 2

O 6 7 O 0 7

O 11 0 O 1 0

O 4 2 O 0 5

O 0 7 O 0 1

O 1 1 0 0 1

O 11 0 0 4 9

O 3 8 0 0 4

0 1 8 0 0 2

0 8 10 0 0 10

0 3 8 0 0 4

3 l9 2 0 7 2

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the

Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland.

OUTWARDS.

Allies of Wood, the Lad of 12 Barrels

- of all other Sorts, for every £ 100 of the Value

Bacon, the Flitch -

- other, and Hams, the cwt. —

Bones, Ox, the 1000 -

- unmanufactured, for every £100 of the Value

CiJve8 Vive's, for every £lo° of the Value Cards, Wool, the Dozen, viz.

- new —

- old -

Cheese, the cwt.

Coney Hair or Wool, black or white, the lb. —

Copperas, for every £100 of the Value —

Fur, called Rabbit's Grey Fur, the lb. —

Furrier's Wade, for every £100 of the value —

Geldings, or Nags. See Horses.

Greaves, or Grease, the cwt. —

Guts, Ox Guts, the Barrel -

- of other Animals, for every £100 of the Value Hair, viz.^,

- Harts, the cwt. —

- Horse, the cwt.

- Human, for every *ioc of the Value

- Kids, for every/'ico of the Value -

- Ox, Cows, or Bulls, the cwt.

Hartfhom the cwt. —

Hides, Raw or Untanned, the Piece —

Hogs or Pigs, the Piece alive —

Hogs Lard, the c\yt. —

Horns, viz.

- Bucks, the Hundred of 6 Score —

- Goats, the cwt. —

other Horns, the 1000 of 6 Score to the Hundred, viz. --- Ox -

- Rams -

- Sheep w- —

- Stags -

- Tips of Horns -

Horn Shavings, for every £100 of the Value —

Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, the Piece —

Hoofs, of all Sorts, for every / 100 of the Value Lead, call or uncaii, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

- Ore, for every £ico of the Value —

Leather of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the cwt. Linen Rags or Shreds, the Ton of 20 cwt. —

Linseed, or Flax feed, the Quarter, of 8 Bulbels —

Litharge of Lead, the cwt. —

Manure. See Soap Boilers Wade.

Nags. See Horses.

Oxen, Cows, or Steers, the Head -

Cyders in Pickle, the Gallon -

Rapeseed, the Quarter of 8 Bushels —

Skins, viz.

- Badger, the Piece -

- .Calves. See Calves Skins.

- tanned. See Leather tanned.

- Cat* the Hundred of 5 Score —

Duties.

£ /. d.

0 1 8

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 4

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 0 R

0 0 5

0 0 6

0 0 7

5 0 d

0 0 3

5 0 0

0 0 2

0, 1 0

5 0 0

0 2 2

0 8 0

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 2 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 3 0

0 0 11

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 2 6

o. 1 0

0 0 2

0 1 7

0 0 9

S 0 0

1 0 0

5 0 0

23 9

5 0 0

0 1 4

3 5

0 3 0

0 0 3

0 6 6

0 0 1

0 0 d

0 0 1

0*4

Skins*

Skins, continued.

- Deer, undressed, for every/* 100 of the Value -

- Dog, the Dozen -

- Fox, the Piece -

- Goat, undressed, for every /100 of the Value -

- Hare, undressed, for every £ 100 of the Value -

- Kid, dressed or undressed, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- Kips and Runners, for every /100 of the Value -

- Lamb, dressed without the Wool on, the Hundred of 6 Score -

- tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt.

Note. No Lamb Skins, whether (link or slaughtered, from which the Wool shall not have t een taken off, shall be exported, except to Great Britain, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof.

- Martin, for every f\00 of the Value —

- Otter, raw, the Piece -

- tanned, the Piece -

- Wombs, for every /*xoo of the Value % —

- Rabbits and Conies, the Hundred of 6 Score, viz.

- black, with or without silver Hairs, dressed or tawed —

- grey, seasoned — — — '

- grey, flagged -

- grey, tawed -

- dressed, tawed or dyed into Colours —

- Sheep, the 120, viz.

1----- dressed, without the Wool on -

- with the Wool on -

- tawed, with the Wool on -

- Pelts, dressed or undressed -

- tanned, tawed, or dressed, the cwt, -

- Squirrel, the 1 000 -

- Stag, the Piece -

" Swan, the Piece -

Slugs of Horns, for every £100 of the Value —

Soap-boilers Waste, and all other Manure (except Lime) the Ton Tallow, the cwt.

Tanners Waste, for every /*ioo of the value -

Tongues, called Neats Tongues, the Dozen «k- —

Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)

Tripes, the cwt.

Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt.

Weld, the cwt.

Woad, the Ton of 20 cwt.

- Nets, the Hundred of 5 Score —

Yarn, Linen, for every Pack of statutable Linen Yarn of 406 lbs. Weight, at 6 Score to the Hundred -

In Addition to the Duties herein-Before charged on certain Goods of the Growth, .Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland, exported From thence, and also on all other Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, the following Duties are to be paid.

All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, except as herein after mentioned, exported to any Part of Europe, or to any Port or Place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every / ICO of the true and real Value thereof Except

- Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom.

- Bullion.

Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Ireland to therffle of Man, vpluch may be legally exported to the said Island.

- Cotton Yarn, and-all other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Ireland.

- Com. or Grain.

- Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refinedr or any refiiWd Sugar failed Bastards, or ffround or powdered Sugar, or refined Sugar broken in Pieces, or any Sugar called Candy, or Melaffee made from Sugif of the 'Brittth Plantation*.

Uu a

6 0 0

0 0 2

0 0 X

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

5 0 0

0 '3 0

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

5 0 0

0 X 4

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 S

0 1 0

0 3 0

1 0 0

0 1 6

0 1 6

0 1 4

0 2 6

0 0 6

0 0 4

5 0 0

1 0 0

0 1 6

5 0 0

0 0 4

0 0 X

0 4 0

0 1 5

0 10 0

0 0 6

1 0 0

1 10 o

AH

Duties.

£- '

All Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland

iexcept as herein after mentioned), exported to any Poit or Place whatever, not being in Europe, cr within the Streights ol Gibraltar, or within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Fad Indies, for every /.lOQ of the true and real Value thereof -

Except

- Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom.

- Bullion.

- Corn or Grain.

- Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of, the Manufacture of Ireland.

- Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing, or Implement, or Materials, fit

and necessary for the British Fisheries established in the island of Newfoundland, fer the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessels, or on Shore, in carrying on the said Fishery, exported irom I reland to the said island.

- All refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all refined Sugar called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Melasses made from Sugar of the British Plantations.

400

SCHEDULE (D.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon Ships, Vessels, or other Bottoms, trading to Ireland, from any Country whatsoever, over and above all other Duties payable on the Tonnage thereof, and of the Duties payable on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, over and above all Fees payable for the same.

Duties*

Upon every Ton of every Ship, Vessel, or other Bottom, trading to Ireland (except Coasters, and except Ships laden with Coals only trading to the Port of Dublin) -

Upon every Entry Inwards, made in the Fort o? Dublin (except Port Entries and Entries on Coals) -

Upon every Entry Outwards made in the Port of Dublin -

/. s. d.

002

0 2 6 026

SCHEDULE (E.)

A SCHEDULE of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of Ireland therein mentioned; and also of thfc Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark or Hemlock for Tanners Use.

BOUNTIES. — Outwards.

LINEN.

Bounties and Allowances.

£. s.

All Manufactures of Buckram, Filleting, and Linen of the Breadth of 25 Inches or more, whether plain, printed, painted, stained, stamped, or dyed 5 and all printed, painted, stained* damped, 1 or dyed Callico or Cotton, or Cotton mixed with Linen of the like Breadth, viz, For every Yard thereof Under the Value of $d. which shall be exported from Ireland to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or Minorca -

Of the Value of c d. and under the Value of 6 d. which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid -

Of the Value of 6d. and not exceeding 1 /. 6d. in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid — 4 -

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

o o ot 00 1

O o li

The

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 18. 333

SCHEDULE (E.) — Outwards. Bounties and Allowances.

The Value of such Linens, Callicoes, and Cottons, if printed, painted, Rained, Ramped, or dyed* or of such Cottons mixed with Linen, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the Bounties aforesaid, to be deemed their Value when in a plain State, and exclu-five of such printing, painting, Raining, Ramping, or dying. Note. Kenting8, and all Fabrics made of Linen and Hempen Yarn only, to be deemed and considered as Linen.

All Manufactures of Linen, checqued or striped with any other Material than Linen Yarn, of the Breadth of 25 Inches or more, and of the Value of 7 d. the Yard, and not exceeding 1 5. 6 d. in Value, which shall be exported to any of the Places aforesaid, for every Yard thereof — — — And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity. When any of the aforesaid Linens shall not be of the Breadth of £5 Inches, they shall be entitled to receive the Bounty after the Rates aforesaid, deeming every 900 Square Inches equal to One Yard of 25 Inches Breadth or upwards. All Manufactures of Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheetings, or Linens upwards ot One Yard in Breadth, and not exceeding 1 s. 6d. the square Yard in Value, which shall be exported Wei O O O

to any of the Places aforesaid, for every square Yard thereof — — And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity. All Manufactures of Sail Cloth or Canvas fit for or made into Sails, which shall be exported, O O l£

for every Three Ells thereof — — And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity. a 0 6

SILK* Manufactures of Ireland made of or mixed with Silk, exported under certain Regulations, for every Pound thereof Avoirdupois* Ribbands and Stuffs made of Silk only — — Silks and Ribbands made of Silk mixed with Gold or Silver — — Silk Stockings, Gloves, Fringes, and Laces, and Stitching or Sewing Silk — Stuffs made of Silk and Grogram Yam mixed — — "Stuffs made of Silk and WorRed mixed — — Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton — — And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity. 030 040 012 008 006 0 1 0

BOOKS. Books unbound, if printed on British or Foreign Paper, for every lb. thereof Avoirdupois — SUGAR REFINED.' The Bounties thereon are regulated by particular Acts. 0 0 1

BOUNTIES. — Inwards* For and upon every Barrel of Bark or Hemlock which shall be imported into Ireland, vis. From any Country in Europe, except Great Britain — — From America — — — 0 0 0 0

SCHEDULE (F.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain [See m to" Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, in lieu of Countervailing Duties on the countervailing like Articles under Former Acts. Drawback

j G.ojtheAti.}

BEER. Countc vailing Duties.

/« For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing Thirty-two Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain — — — And so in Proportion for any greater or left Quantity. 0 6 nl

334

i

c. IS. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

CARDS AND DICE.

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made and manufactured in Great Britain -

And a further Duty, the lb. —

For and upon every Pair of Dice, made or manufactured in Great Britain

PAPER.

For and upon every lb. Weight Avoirdupois,

Of Paper fit or proper for, or that may be used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of| Writing, Drawing, or Printing, or either of them, and all Elephant Paper and Cartridge Paper — — — \

Of all coloured Paper, and Whited Brown Papers, other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Paper, fit or proper for the Uses or Purposes of wrapping up Goods, and uot fit or proper| or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and also except Paper Hangings — — j

Of Brown Paper fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper* or capable of being used for, or applied to, the Uses or Purposes of Writing, Drawing, or Printing, or either of them — — — o

For and upon every Hundred Weight

Of glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpressers —

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard -

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For and upon every Pound Weight of every Sort or Kind of raper not hereirv-before particularly enumerated or described, (other than and except Papers commonly called or known by the Names of Sheathing Paper and Button Paper, or Button Board and Paper Hangings) —

STAINED PAPER.

For and upon every square Yard of printed, painted, or Rained Paper for Hangings or other Uses and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books bound or unbound, and of Maps 01 Prints, which shall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain -

WROUGHT PLATE.

For and upon every Ounce Troy of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain -

SILK MANUFACTURES.

For and upon all Silks, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following Duties, in Irish Currency, viz.

For and upon every Pound thereof, containing 16 Ounces; ,

Of all Ribbons and Stuffs of Silk only -

Of all Ribbons, and Ribbons of Silk, mixed with Gold or Silver —

Of all Silk Stodrings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk — Of all Manufactures of Silk not otherwise enumerated or described —

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yarn -

Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton -

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Worsted, mixed -

Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other Material —

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

oao 003 OIJ Q

SPIRITS.

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits, being of the Manufacture of Great Britain

o ©

o o

050

1 00

c o 3

002 O O 2j

ox#

o

o

o

o

o

c

o

o

65

4

61

of

7i

2

3

1

2

o /

o ioj O 5 u 7}

- O J

SUGAR

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 18 — 19.

335

SUGAR REFINED.

Of the Manufacture of Great Britain:

For and upon every Hundred Weight, containing 112 lbs.

Of all Sugars called Bastards, whole or ground -

- Lumps -

- Single Loaf Sugar -

- 'Powder Loaf and Double Loaf —

- , - Sugar Candy, brown -

- Sugar Candy, white -

Of all Refined Sugar of any other Sorts -

SWEETS OR MADE WINES.

For and upon every Barrel, containing 32 Gallons Wine Measure of British Sweets, or other British Liquor, made by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingredient whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines —

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For and upon every Pound Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, over and above any Duties of Customs now payable For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of,

British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured into what is commonly known or called by the Name of Spanish -

British manufactured Shag Tobacco, cut -

British manufactured Roll Tobacco -

British manufactured Carrot Tobacco -

Of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco not herein-before enumerated or described -

British manufactured Rappee Snuff -

British manufactured Snuff, called Scotch Snuff — r

British manufactured Snuff, called Brown Scotch Snuff -

Britifa manufactured Stalk Flour -

For and upon every Pound of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff or Snuff Work not herein-before enumerated or described -

6

9

13

6

Bt

o

16 uj9Bv 16 nt 16 ui

5 5 0

o 1 5

o I 3 o 1 s 013

015

O I z 019 O I if

018

019

CAP. XIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, cettain Inland Duties of Excite and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes.

[25 th March 1805.]

4»

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging, until 44G. 3. c. 26. 4* the Twenty fifth Hay of March One thousand eight hundred and Jive, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, iVares, and Merchandise imported into and exported from '

Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates,

Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks; certain Sums of Money, Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, were among other Things granted for the Term by the said Act limited and appointed: And whereas certain of the Duties granted by the said recited Act were altered and increased by another Act,

made in the said last Session of Parliament intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth 44 G. 3. c. 67. 4 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, I Tares, and Merchandise, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currenry: And whereas the Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, payable under and by virtue of the said several recited Acts, will expire and be determined immediately after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and it is expedient that certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes should be granted in the ftesd of the said Duties and Taxes so to expire as aforesaid: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

*3

336 c*

Duties of Exrifc ond Taxes g-anted act o ding to Scii* dulc annexed.

'tto Duty on Beer or Ale.

Durics shall be paid

Curie cy, wrh return Exceptions.

Dut'es shall be carried to Iriflj Confo'.iriated Fund, 2$ x!so Fees payable at ti e Irtlh Exchequer.

Duties shall be lr vied and applied as u- der ritli Exnk Act, 14 & 1 5 C. 2. c. 8. and the Acts relating to the several Duties, ice.

Duties by this Act granted on Windows, Cur-uicles, Jaunting Cars, Coach-makers, and iiorfes for Piea-sute, and Dogs, Orall becdlcdted under Hearth Money Ad,

4° G. 3. (1.) c. 5*-[iVe also

45 G i' >°5-]

Clauses of this applied to Duties under foimer Acts.

Act may be aitered this Scfii on.

Continuation of Ad.

45- GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

afTombled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of tills Act, there shall be ralfed* colkftH, levied, and paid, unto His Majesty, Hit Heirs and Successors, upon and in, respect of the several Articles and Things mentioned, set forth, and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money, Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes, as they are respectivel\ described, inserted, and set forth in the said Schedule; which fevered Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes granted by any former Act or Acts of the Parliament of Ireland*, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on any of the Articles and Things in the said Schedule mentioned; except such Duties as have been or shall cr may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes by the Acts by which the said Duties are or shall be granted or imposed, or by any other Act o'r Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be paid on any Beer or Ale brewed in Ireland.

5</. per Pound on all Coffee in the Hands of Importers on 19th March 1805. §3*"

*c 4</. per Pound on all Coffee iff the Hands of Retailers on 19th March 18^5.^4. "

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Taxes in this Act, and the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned, and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency; and that in all Cases where any such Duties or Taxes arc imposed in respect of the Value of any Article, Matter, or Thing, such VaV.e, as well as the Rate of Duty in respect thereof, shall be taken in British Currency: Except the Duties on Leather and Leather Manufactures, Glass Bottles, Vellum, and Parchment made in Ireland*

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every tb" Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted, shall be canned to and be Part of the Con-foiidateu Fund or Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence per Pcund, and all other Fees which shall or may he payable to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the said Consolidated Fund, in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

u No Fees on Payment of Interest or Annuities. $ 7. [As §43 of Geo. 3. c. 26."]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Inland or Excise Duties or Taxes by this Act granted, and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for and recovered in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing of Duties payable orr Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in Ireland, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling of the Excise or new Imp f upon His Majesty, His Heirs and SuerJ/'ors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by the several and respective Acts in force in Ireland relating respectively to the several and respective Duties and Thixes in the Schedule to this Act mentioned and expressed; or in and by any other Act or Acts which may be in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to alL Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted; with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act, passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is or shall be provided.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Duty granted by this Act, and the Schedule hereto annexed, on Iioufes not having more than Six Windows or Lights, and also the Duties on Curricles and Jaunting Cars, and a^o the Duty on Persons carrying on the Trade of Coachmakers, or Makers of Carriages chargeable with Duty under this Act, and also the Duty on Persons felling such Carriages by Auction or on Commission, and also the Duties on Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, kept and used, or let to hire for the Purpose of riding or of drawing any such Carriage, and the Duties on Race Horses and on Dogs, shall be raised, levied, collected, managed, and paid, in such Manner and under such Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth /car of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Collection of the Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Coaches and other Carriages, and of Male Servants, and on Dwelling Houses inhabited, according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein respectively, and to secure the due Payment thereof: and that the Regulations, Powers, and Authorities in the said recited Act contained, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the said Regulations, Powers, and Authorities were re-enacted and expressed in this Act.

" Wholesale Dealers in Coffee shall make Returns of their Stock in Hand on 19th March 1805. $ 10."

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Regulations, and Provisionsin this Act contained, shall and may be applied in the levying and recovering of all Duties and Taxes and Arrears of Duties and Taxes imposed by any former Act or Acts in force in Ireland on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One th ufund eight hundred and five, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Duties and Taxes and Arrears of Duties and Taxes had become due and payable under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue inforce until and upon the Twenty-fifth Day of Matxh One thousand eight hundred and six, and no longer.

SCHEDULE

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 19. 337

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

(SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of INLAND DUTIES of EXCISE and TAXES for, upoa, and in rcCpcft of the several Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND DUTIES.

AUCTIONS.

For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland;

Of any Interest in Possession, or Reversion, in any Freehold or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Utensils of Husbandry and Fanning Stock, Ships, and Vessels, andfcf any Plate or Jewels — — — '

Of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses, and Carriages, and all other Groods and: Chattels whatsoever (not exempted by Law) — — I

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Fador, or Seller by Commission.

Duties.

C

006

o o i4

4

CARDS AND DICE.

For and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made, manufactured, or

vended in Ireland — — — 02

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland - oij o

COACHES AND CARRIAGES.

For and upon all the Carriages he rein-after mentioned, which any Person shall have or keep in his or her Possession at any Time, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the several yearly Rates and Duties following:

For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calash, or ChaiTe, with Four Wheels, and for and; upon any Curricle, or other Carriage, with Two Wheels, drawn by Two Horses abreast, (not exempt by Law)

If such Person shall not have, at the same Time, more than Ona such Carriage in his or her Possession, the yearly Sum of -

If such Person shall have, at the same Time, more than One such Carriage in his or her Possession, upon each such Carriage the yearly Sum of -

For and upon every Chaise with Two Wheels (not otherwise charged nor exempt by Law) the yearly Sum of -

For and upon every Carr made use of and fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the Name of a Jaunting Carr, or Pleasure Carr, the yearly Sum of —

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches and Chaises, and Coaches, Chaises, and other Carriages!

kept for Hire, or kept by the Makers for Sale, excepted.

By every Person who shall carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty by this Act in Ireland, the annual Duty of —

By every Coachmaker, or Maker of such Carriages as aforesaid, for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or she shall make, build, or conftmA for Sale, the Sum of And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels which he or she shall make, build, or conflradV for Sale, the Sum of — — — 1

By every Person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, by way of Auction, or on Commission, for or in Expedition of Profit or Reward, in Ireland\ the annual Duty of -

By every such Person, for every such Carriage with Four Wheels which he or she shall fell by Audrion, or on Commission, for or in Expedition of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of -

And for every such Carriage with Two Wheels which he or she shall fell by Auction, or on Commission, for or in Expedition of Profit or Reward as aforesaid, the Sum of —

45 Geo. III. X x

6 6m* o

440

o 5

050 x o m o 10 o

05 0

100

10

DOGS.

C. 19.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

DOGS.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, and for every Dog, of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, either for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of —

For every Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person subject to the Payment of Hearth Money, having One such Dog, and no more, whether the same be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

For every Dog, not being a Greyhonnd, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person not subjecto the Payment of Hearth Money, having One such Dog, and no more, whether the same be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

The said Duties to be paid by the Person respectively keeping such Dogs.

Exemptions.

Any Person who shall be exempt from any Duty on his or her Dwelling House, in respe^l of Windows, and not paying Hearth Money, having One Dog and no more, the same not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Lurcher, or Terrier.

Any Person, in respect of a Dog or Whelp, which shall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Any Person, in respect of the whole Number of Hounds by him or her kept, who shall in any Year, within Thirty Days after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in such Year, pay to the Collector or Dolle&ors of the said Duty in the Parish or place where such Person shall be subject to Duty, the full Sum of Thirty Pounds, Irdh Currency, by way of Composition, to such Cofle&or or Collectors, and for which a Receipt mall be given within the Period before mentioned.

FIRE HEARTHS.

For and out of every Dwelling House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in the Whole of which House there shall be Two or more Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing or Stoves, at any Time in each and every Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the several ana respective yearly Rates following; that is to say,

Number of Hearths according to which such Houses shall be charged yearly, and the yearly

Rates on such Houses respectively:

Number of Hearths.

Two -

Three -

Four -

Five -

Six -

Seven -

Fight -

Out of every such House, Out House, or Edifice appertaining thereto, in which there shall be in the whole Nine or more Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing, or Stoves, for every Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove, the Sum of -

GLASS BOTTLES.

For and upon every Glass Bottle which shall he made or manufactured in Ireland, of common Bottle Metal (the same not being Phials), for every Quart such Bottle shall be reputed to contain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity not being less than One Pint, to be paid by the Makers thereof -

HORSES.

For all Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, kept and used by any Person or Persons for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty under this Act, the several Duties following $ that is to say,

Number of Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules:

For 1 such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule -

2 or 3 -

4 or 5 -

6 or 7 -

8 or9 -

jo or 11 -

12 or more -

£. s. d.

o 10 o

060

03a

Duties.

Yearly Rate or Tax.

o 4

o 7 o 10 o 14 o 18

6

6

6

o

o

6

o

080

000

Amount of

Duty for each Horse Mare,

Gelding, Mule. or

O 15 O

O 17 6

t O O

1 5 O

1 10 O

1 O

2 0 0

The

Duties.

The said Duties to be payable annually, in each and every Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, used on any Occasion, for the Purpose of riding, or of drawing any Carriage for which any Duty is payable'by this Act; and to be paid by the Person or Persons tiling the fame, except as aftei mentioned.

Exemptions.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which shall be used, truly and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Husbandry on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse or other Beall, or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart, Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Duty by this Act), or carrying Burdens, in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall belong, although such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall be used for riding on the Occasionr, and in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burden shall have, by such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, been drawn or carried; or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burden shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule; or on Account of such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, having been used for the Purpose of riding to procure Medical Assistance 5 or for the Purpose of riding to or from Market, or to or from any Place of publick Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Justice 5 provided such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall not on any Occasion be used for any other Purpose, save as aforesaid.

Any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any Person carrying on a Trade and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or making a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly; or any Ecclesiastical Person, not possessed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise 5 for One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, used only for the Purpose of drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, not liable to any Duty under this Act.

Every Non-commissioned Officer or Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery, shall be exempted from the Payment of the said Duties, in respect of One Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

Every Person enrolled, or to be enrolled, and serving in any Troop of Yeomanry in Ireland, who shall have attended on Horseback One Half at least of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise, or be on Duty in the Year, and shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done so, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days, shall be exempted from the Payment of the said Duties in respect of One Horse, Mare, or Gelding.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bond jide kept for the Purpose of racing or running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the Sum of -

The said Duty to be charged annually on the Person or Persons having the Custody.

Charge, or Management 0?such Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

LEATHER.

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins herein after mentioned, which shall be tanned in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For and upon every such Hide and Skin, or Piece of any such Hide and Skin, of any Kind or Denomination whatsoever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and after such Rate for any greater or less Quantity — For and upon all Hides of Horses, Marcs, or Geldings, for every Hide —

For and Upon all Skins called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs, for every Dozen Skins thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Number -

For and upon all Skins for Shoes and other like Purposes, and all Seal Skins, for ever)' Dozen i thereof, and after the same Rate for nny greater or less Number -

Fbr and upon all other Skins for Bookbinders Use, for every Dozen thereof, and after the same Rate for any greateror less Number — — w;

Tor and upon all GoatVvSkins tanned with Shumac or otherwise, to resemble Spanish Leather, and all Sheep Skins tafnned for Roans, being afleV the Nature of Spanish Leather, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof -

For and upon all beep's Skins and Lamb Skins tannc$ for Gloves and Bafils, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and proportionably for any greater or less Quantity —

£ ' d.

t %

o

o

- ! o 5

2 6

o o of Leather*

Leather, continued.

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins herein after mentioned, which shall be dretfed in Oil in Ireland, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof; that is to say,

Every such Hide and Skin, and Piece of such Hide and Skin, of any Nature or Denomination whatsoeter, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described All Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins -

All Calf Slrins.' -' -

All Sheep and Lamb Skins -

And proportionably for any greater or less Quantity of all such Hides and Skins.

METHEGLIN OR MEAD.

For and upon every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead made in Ireland for Sale, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Makers thereof —

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

For and upon the several Sorts of Paper herein after mentioned, which shall be made in Ireland <he several and respective Duties following, to be paid by the Makers of such Paper respectively; For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the Uses and Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and all Elephant Paper and all Cartridge Paper -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois ot all coloured Papers and Whited Brown Papers (other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Papers), fit or proper for the Use or Purposes of wrapping up Goods, or fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Paper Hangings, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them —

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper fit and proper for the Use and Purpose of wrapping up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses orrurpoles of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all Button Paper or Button Board -

/For every One hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Shearing or Sheathing Paper —

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Jor every One hundred Weight ot Glazed Paper for Clothier* and Hotpressers Ana so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For every Pound Weight ^Avoirdupois of every Sort or Kind of Paper not herein-before enumerated or described -

PAPER HANGINGS.

For and upon every square Tard of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity, to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof. —

PLATE WROUGHT.?

For and upon every Ounce Troy Weight of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland -

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Weight, to be paid to the Excise Officers.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person in Ireland at any Time m each and every Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the yearly Sums, Duties, and Taxes following; that is to say,

For One Male Servant -

For Two Male Servants, each -

For any Number of Male Servants exceeding Two, and not exceeding Four, each For any Number of Male Servant* exceeding Four, and not exceeding Seven, each For Eight Male Servants, each -

For Nine Male Servants, each -

For Ten Male Servants, each -

Duties.

£ ' d.

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 2

o o

0}

o

003

0 0 2

e o i 100 050

003

0 0 2 o t o

1 I o

in 6

2 2 0

2 126 330

3 136

440

Male

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 19.

Duties.

Male Servants, continued. For every such Servant retained or employed byanv Male Person never having been married, over and above the before mentioned Duties, the further Sum of — — To be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and to be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following Capacities 5 that is to say, Maitre d'Hotel, House Steward, Master of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, Postilion, Gardener, not being a Day Labourer, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants, really acting in any of the said Capacities, shall be called or known, or whether such Male Serv ants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in One or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business jointly with one or more of the fame* / x. d. 0 15 0

SWEETS OR MADE WINES. For and upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons, of all Liquor for Sale made in Ireland, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials, called Sweets or Made Wines, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the respective Makers thereof — 5 5 0

TOBACCO. For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which shall be manufactured in Ireland in any Manner, to be paid by the Person manufacturing the fame, or taking any Part thereof out of the original Package, and to be paid for every Pound Weight contained in such Package at the Time when the same shall be opened — — 0 0 VO

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT* Tor and upon all Vellum and Parchment which shall, at any Time or Times, be made in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, For-and upon every Dozen Skins of Vellum — — — For and upon every Dozen Skins of Parchment — — — And proportionably/or any greater or less Quantity of such Vellum and Parchment; to be paid by the Maker. 0 06 0 0

VINEGAR. For and upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Gallons of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for Sale, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker — — 0 0

WINDOWS. Upon and out of every Tenement or Dwelling-house, not having more than Six Windows or Lights 5 except such Houses as shall not be worth the yearly Rent of Fifty Shillings, and the Occupier or Person paying Rent for which hath not any Goods or Chattels to the Value of Ten Pounds over and above all his or her just Debt6, and does not pay Rent for House, or House and Land altogether, to a greater annual Amount than Five Pounds yearly (Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres, and for grazing, not being to be deemed or considered Rent), the Yearly Rate or Duty of — But, i? such House shall be worth the yearly Rent of Five Pounds (except the Occupier, or Person paying Rest for the fame, hath not any Goods or Chattels to the Value of Ten Pounds O w O

over and above all his or her just Debts), the yearly Rate or Duty of — — And upon and out of every such Tenement or Dwelling-house, having more than Six Windows, the yearly Rates or Duties following; 060

Number

342

C. 19. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1855.

Number of Windows above 6ix, according to which the Dwelling House shall be charged yearly, and the

yearly Rates thereon respectively.

Number tf Windows. Yearly Rate. Number of Windows. Yearly Rate. Number of Wndows. i. Yearly Rate. Number of Windows. Yearly Rate.

x. </. £ X. </. £ X. </. X. J.

7 O 8 0 J1 IO 17 0*95 295 0 138 2? 17 0

8 O 11 0 52 10 29 0 969 i7 0 139 27 19 0

9 O H 0 53 II 1 0 97 19 l9 0 I4O 29 0 0

10 O 17 0 54 II 3 0 98 20 1 04* 29. 2 0

11 I P 0 55 II 25 0 99 20 3 0 142 29 4 0

12 I 5 6 56 II 17 0 ! 100 21 4 0 H3 29 6 0

l\ I 11 0 sn II 29 0 .j 101 21 6 0 144 29 8 0

- H I 16 6 58 12 1 O: 102 2 r 8 04? 29 10 0

15 2 3 0 59 12 3 O i 203 21 10 0 1+6 29 12 0

16 296 60 12 '5 O j 104 21 12 0 H7 29 14 0

*7 2 16 0 61 12 17 O 105 21 14 0 148 29 16 0

18 3 2 6 62 12 29 O 106 21 16 049 29 18 0

*9 390 63 13 1 O 107 21 18 0 150 30 19 0

20 3 17 643 3 O* 108 22 O' 05* 3i 1 0

21 4 5 05 13 25 O 109 22 2 0 152 31 3 0

22 43 0 663 27 O 110 - 23 3 0 !53 3i 5 0

23 5 1 0 67 13 '9 O in 23 5 054 3i 7 0

24 590 68 >4 1 O 112 23 7 0 155 3*90

25 59 0 69 J4 3 O 123 2390 156 31 11 0

26 6 1 0 7045 O 114 23 11 0 157 31 13 0

27 6 3 0 71 24 27 O 225 23 13 0 158 31 15 0

28 6 5 0 72 H O 116 23 '5 659 3i 17 0

29 6 7 0 735 1 O 217 23 17 O 160 32 18 0

3 0 6 17 0 74 >5 3 O 11839 O 161 33 0 0

3* 69 0 755 25 O 119 24 1 0 162 33 2 0

32 7 1 0 765 27 O 120 25 2 O 163- 33 4 0

33 7 3 0 77 #5 29 O 121 25 4 0 164 33 6 0

34 7 5 0 78 16 1 O 122 2 5 6 O 165 33 8 0

35 7 15 0 79 16 3 O 223 25 8 O 166 33 10 0

36 7 17 0 80 \6 25 O 124 25 10 O 1^7 33 12 0

37 79 0 81 16 27 O 125 25 (2 O 168 33 14 0

38 8 1 0 82 16 29 O 126 254 O 169 33 16 0

39 8 3 0 83 17 1 O 227 25 16 O 170 347 0

4° 8 T5 0 84 17 % O 128 25 18 0 171 34 19 0

41 8 17 0 85 J7 25 O 229 26 0 0 172 35 1 0

42 8 >9 0 86 27 27 O 130 27 1 0 J73 35 3 0

4391 0 87 »7 29 0 232 27 3 0 i74 35 5 0

4493 0 88 j8 1 0 23* 27 5 0 175 35 7 0

459*5 0 89, 18 3 O 233 27 7 0 176 3590

469*7 0 SO 18 25 O 234 2790 177 35 11 0

479*9 0 9i 18 J7 O 235 27 11 0 178 35 13 0

48 10 1 0 92 18 29 0 136 273 079 355 0

49 10 3 0 93 19 1 0 237 275 0 180 3616 0

5 xo5 0 94 J9 3 0

And for every Dwelling House having more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of 180 — ' —

And further, over and above all the said Duties on Housea in respect of the Windows or Lights therein, an additional Duty, after the Rate of Twenty-five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of such Duties; except on the Amount of the Duties on House not having more than Six Windows or Lights.

a o

CAP<

A.D. 1805.

45# GEORGII III.

C. 2d.

343

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland

[25 th jWa/rA 1805.]

The Stamp Duties expressed in the annexed Schedule shall be paid. §1. — Duties shall be under the Manage. " ment of the Commissioners for Stamps, §2. — Persons may Have old Stamps exchanged for new, paying the €t Difference of Price, 5cc. $3. — Penalty on counterfeiting Stamps, 5cc, Fine, Imprisonment, (not exceeding u six Months), Pillory, &c. §4. [But fee 15 G. 3. c. 51. $5.] — Duties under this Act shall be paid in British Currency, and carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland. §5. — Powers of 43 G. 3. c. 21. &c. relating to Stamp Duties applied to this Act. f 6. [See 44 G. 3. r. 68. for ftmilar Clauses.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, the Stamp Duties now payable in Ireland upon any Licence to any Person to fell Beer, Ale, Wine, or Cyder or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall cease and determine, and that in lieu thereof the Duties of Stamps mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be paid and payable on such Licences; and that such Stamps shall be provided, and such Licences shall be granted and issued in Manner directed in and by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for making further Regulations for the letter Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, or by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Stamp Duties upon Hats in the said Schedule to this Act annexed shall be in lieu of all Duties imposed thereon, by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats> and xm Hats sold by Retail', in Ireland

l'X. And be it further enacted, That the several Licences mentioned and specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to be granted and issued in Manner in this Act mentioned and directed, shall continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the Date of such Licences respectively and no longer; except such Licences as shall be granted to Brewers, Maltsters, and Rectifiers of Spirituous Liquors, which Licences shall respectively continue in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof and no longer j and except Licences to Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, which shall be in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the \ ear for which they shall be granted.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons in Ireland shall use, exercise, or follow any Trade, Business, Occupation, or Calling, on the Licence for using or exercising whereof a Stamp Duty is by this Act imposed, without having previously taken out such Licence duly damped and in Manner by this Act mentioned and directed; and that the Payment of the several Stamp Duties by this Act imposed on the said Licences respectively by the Person or Persons applying for the fame, shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties payable by Law under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to such Licences; and that any Person or Persons in Ireland who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall use, exercise, or follow any Trade, Business, Occupation, or Calling, on the Licence for using or exercising whereof a Stamp Duty is by this Act imposed, without having previously taken out such Licence duly damped and in Manner by this Act directed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as Penalties to the like Amount may be recovered under the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland\

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts only of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act> as empowers the Collectors of Excise in Ireland to grant any Licence or Licences which is or are by this Act made subject to Stamp Duties, or to receive any Duty or Fee upon the granting of any such Licence or Licences, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed, so far as the lame relate to Licences to be granted after the passing of this Act: Provided always, that all other Rules, Regulations, and Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland before the passing of this Act, relating to Licences, on which a Duty is by this Act imposed, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Licences to Persons,

To manufacture Tobacco or to deal in Unmanufactureed Tobacco:

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters:

And also Licences to Factors or Persons not being Dillillers and not being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits,

felling Foreign Spirits or home-made Spirits on Commission;

And also Licences to Persons not being Maltsters, felling Malt on Commission:

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Malthouse and make Malt for Sale:

And <lfo Licences to Persons to brew Strong Beer or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale:

And also Licences to Persons to brew or make for Sale Sweets or Made Wines:

And also Licences to Persons to make for Sale or fell Metheglin or Mead:

And also Licences to Persons to make Vinegar for Sale:

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather, or to dress Hides or

Skins in Oil:

Stamp Duties on

Licences to retail Spirit*, See. (h ill be in IttU ui farmer Duties.

[Src 44 G. 3. c. 103. and 45 G\ 3 50.J

Duties on Half shall be in lieut Duties under 43 G. 3. c. 22.

Duration of Licences.

(See 44 G. 3.

C. 26. f. 22.S

Penalty on Per-l*o iv exercising Trades not hav-1 g Damped Licences uiulcr t us Act.

[But fre^G. 3.

Si- 5 »s J

43(7.3. c

Repeal of (or nine > of former Arts (See

4° G. 3. (I.)

C 63.) .!« empowered Collector* lo grant Licences.

Certain Licence» shall he granted by Commissioner$ of Excise, Jtc.

6«

And

C. 20

45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Certain Licences shall be granted by Commissiufi-^rs of Stamps.

Penalty on i filling undamped Licences xool.

And also Licences to Persons to make Vellum or Parchment:

And also Licences to Persons to manufacture Paper-Hangings for Sale, or to fell Paper-Hangings j

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Mill for making Paper:

And also Licences to Persons to fell by Auction:

And also Licences to Persons to make Glass Bottles and other Vessels and Utensils of common Bottle Metal; shall and may, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted and issued in Manner following; that is to far; If any Person or Persons requiring any such Licence do and shall produce to the Chief Commissioners of Excise in Ireland\ or to any Person or Persons to be by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, for that Purpose appointed, Vellum, Parchment or Paper, duly stamped with the Duty by this Act required for such Licences respectively (but not otherwise), it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or for the Person or Persons by the said Commissioners for that Purpose appointed, to grant any such Licence or Licences respectively to any Person or Persons who shall respectively require the fame, in .Writing, without any Fee or Reward for the fame; and that in all such Licences shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence, the Name and Residence of the Person to whom the same shall be granted, the Date of issuing the fame, and the Time for which the same shall be in force, in such Manner and Form as may be from Time to Time directed by the said Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, shall and may, under his or their Hand or Hands, grant any Licence or Licences (without Fee or Reward) to any Person or Persons who shall require the fame, in Writing, for any of the Purposes following 5 that is to say,

To manufacturec Hats:

To fell Coffee by Retail, or to keep a Coffeehouse:

To manufacture Candles or Soap for Sale:

To fell Tea or Groceries by Retail:

To fell or make for Sale any Gold or Silver Plate:

To be Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen:

And that in all such Licences shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence, the Name and Residence of the Person to whom the lame shall be granted, the Date of issuing the fame, and the Time for which the same shall be in Force, in such Manner and Form as may be from Time to Time directed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person who is or shall be authorized or empowered by or under this Act, to grant or issue any Licence on which a Stamp Duty is imposed by this Act, shall grant or issue any such Licence on undamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or on*Vellum, Parchment, or Paper not stamped, with a Stamp to the Amount by this Act required, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds British Currency; to be recovered by any rerson who will sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin 5 and if upon any such Information a Verdict shall be given and Judgement entered thereon against the Defendant, such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever disabled from being again appointed thereto.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §15."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A SCHEDULE of the federal Duties jof Stamps to be paid on the several and respective Articles herein

set forth.

ARTICLES.

Duties.

For and upon every Japanned Hat or Hats made of Wool, Felt, Stuff, Beaver or Leather, or any Mixture of them, or with any other Sub (lance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or distinguished, not exceeding the Price or Value of including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, except Gold ana Silver Lace, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person taking out a Licence for uttering or vending Hats by Retail —

For and upon every Hat made as aforesaid exceeding the Price or Value of 5 x. and not exceeding the Price or Value of 7 x. Irish Currency, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, except Gold or Silver Lace, which shall be so uttered, vended, or sold —

Exceeding 7 x. and not exceeding 12 x.

Exceeding 12 x. and under 18 x. —

Of the Price or Value of i8x. and upwards -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following, viz*

it

x. d.

003

006

010

020

026

Any Receipt or other Discharge given bjr any Officer of the Revenue on Payment of Money for or on account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses, in respect of Hearths or Windows, on Coaches or other Carriages, on Horses, and on Male Servants;

If the the Sum paid shall in the whole amount to £it and shall not amount \.o £20 —

If the Sum shall amount to £20, and shall not exceed £50 -

And if the Sum shall exceed £50 -

The said Duties on Receipts to be paid by the Persons to whom such Receipts shall be given by the Officer of the Revenue.

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Hats commonly called or known by the Name of Felt or Wool Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and Town of Belfast —

In any City, Town, or Borough, returning a Member to serve in Parliament In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to manufacture Tobacco in any Manner

And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding one Table, which any Person maaufa&uring Tobacco shall be licensed to keep —

Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as wholesale Importer only -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee, in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House or Market House thereof, except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee iip any Part of Ireland, not being a City or Town as aforesaid, except as aforesaid -

Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to manufacture Candles or Soap for Sale -

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale -

Any Licence to any Person to fell Paper Hangings, not being a Manufacturer thereof —

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every jo Gallons which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing —

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill —

Any Licence to any Person to brew or make for Sale any Liquor caMed Sweets, or Made Wines — Any Licence to any Person to make Metheglin or Mead for Sale -

Any Licence to any Person to make Vinegar for Sale -

Any Licence to any Person to fell Tea or Groceries, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Raisins, and Figs by Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City, Town, and Place, returning a Member to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Session House or Principal Market House of any such City, Town, or Place —

In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to fell Metheglin or Mead by Retail -

Any Licence to any Person to fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate for Sale —

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or tan Leather for Sale —

Any Licence to any Person to dress Hides and Skins in Oil -

Any Licence to any Person to make Vellum or Parchment -

Any Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors by Retail in the Places following, v*z*

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis -

Beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles diilant therefrom -

In every other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom -

Within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the said City —

And within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof —

Within the City of Waterford, and Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof — In thepity of Limerick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the reil of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof —

Within the Town of Belfast -

Within One Mile thereof, or of the Publick Lamps therein -

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the Towns of Newry, Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and ClonmelL -

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

45* Geo. III. Yy

d.

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 6

I 10 0

I 0 0

0 10 0

8 0 0

4 0 0

IO 0 0

1 0 0

0 IO 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

1 0 0

2 IO 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

1 0 0

2 0 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

40 0 0

33 0 0

22 0 0

40 0 0

33 0 0

40 0 0

33 0 0

40 0 0

33 0 0

4° 0 0

33 0 0

22'0 0

11 0 0

Any

Any Licence to any Person to fell Spirits in any Place in Ireland, in Quantities not less than Two Gallons, the like Duty as is payable in such Place, on a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

Any Licence to any Factor or other Person felling Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in any Place in Ireland, not being a Licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise Iicenled to fell Spirits — — — *. —

Any Licence to any Factor or Person felling Foreign Spirits on Commission or otherwise, not being a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits} nor being the Importer of Foreign Spirits -

Any Licence to any Person, not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, felling Malt on Commission or otherwise' -

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Malt House, and make Malt for Sale, for each and every Cistern or Kiln in each and every Malt House in his or her Possession in which such Business shall be carried oh, in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis -

Beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom -

In every other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom -

Within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the said City — ' —

And within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof —

Within the City of Waterford, and all Places surrounded by the said City —

And within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof — In the City of Limerick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof — In the Town of Belfast -

Within One Mile thereof, or of the Publick Lamps therein -

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londondrtry, and Kilkenny, and in any other Place in Ireland, or Town Corporate, or Borough, returning any Member to serve in Parliament —

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

Any Licence to atiy Person in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, for each and e^ry Brewhouse used by such Person in the Places following; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis, or beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom -

In every other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom -

Within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the said City —

And within the rest of the County of the said City or within One Mile thereof Within the City of Waterford and all Places surrounded by the said City

Within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof In the City of Limerick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

Within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof In the Town of Belfast -

Within One Mile thereof, or of the Publick Lamps therein —

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and in any other Place in Ireland, being a Town Corporate or Borough, returning any Member to serve in Parliament — In any other Place in Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Coffee-houTe -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Au£lion within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Caille of Dublin; or within the City of Cork and all Places surrounded by the said City, and within the rest of the County of the said City; or within the City of Waterford, and all Places surrounded by the said City, and within the rest of the County of the said City; and in the City of Limerick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City, and within the irft of the County of the said City, and in the Town of Belfast -

In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to make Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils, made of common Bottle Meta)'* -

Duties.

30 o o

30

20

o o

o o

30 O O

20 O O

1S O O

30 0 0

20 O O

3« O O

20 O O

30 O O

20 0 0

30 0 0

20 O O

20 0 0

lS O O

So O O

30 0 0

50 O O

30 0 0

5° O O

30 O O

So O O

30 O O

S° O O

3° O 0

2S O O

20 O O

2 O O

10

5

o

o e

o c Any

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 21, 347

Any Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or other Beall of Burthen, ' or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; also to travelling Tinker# and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Person# hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale -

And further for felling, or exposing to Sale, any Gold or Silver Plate —

And further for every Horse or other Beall bearing or drawing burthen which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpos$ of carrying or drawing his, her, or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize -

Upon every Deputation or Appointment of a Game-keeper granted to any Person by a Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland -

£ '

2 0 0 10 0

2 0 0 2 20

CAP. XXL

An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Port within Ireland and grafting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[25 th March 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post 43 G. c. if*

within Ireland, certain Duties of Pottage were imposed within Ireland; and it is expedient that the said

Rates and Duties (except as herein after mentioned) should cease and determine, and other Rates and Duties

be granted in lieu thereof: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Rates on Edit- from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, the Rates and Duties for the Pottage v^yance of and Conveyance of Letters and Packets sent by the Poll in Ireland, granted by the said recited Act, ^, "Jinrc4 (except the Rates and Duties by the said Act granted on Letters and PacKets conveyed by the Penny Poll r"dt'cdAA& in Ireland), shall cease and determine; and that, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the paf- (except the sing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Pollmaster or Postmallers General of Ireland for Penny Port) the Time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Use of His repealed, and Majesty, Hi# Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he or they shall convey, carry, or fend Poll to and from Places within Ireland\C

according to the several Rates and Sums of Money, Irish Currency, herein after mentioned; that is to say.

For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in Ireland, where withia

such Letter or Piece of Paper shall be put m, to any Distance within the same, not exceeding Fifteen Miles, frish Measure, the Sum of Three-pence; and to any Dillance exceeding Fifteen Miles, and not exceeding Thirty Miles, the Sum of Four-pence; and to any Dillance exceeding Thirty Miles, and not exceeding Fifty Miles, the Sum of Five-pence 5 and to any Dillance exceeding Fifty Miles, and not exceeding Eighty Miles, the Sum of Sixpence; and to any Dillance exceeding Eighty Miles, the Sum of Seven-pence:

And for the Port or Conveyance of every Double Letter, double the said Sums respectively; and for every Treble Letter, treble the said Sums respectively 5 and for every Ounce Weight, Four Times the said Sums respectively; and so in Proportion for any greater Weight than One Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter:

And that all Letters and Packets directed from any Place in Ireland to any Part or Parts in Great Britain Rates between or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain or any Part or Part# beyond the Seas, shall be Ireland and charged and pay for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland, from or to Dublin, Waterford, or Donagkadee, Bnuin>

or any other Port where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be established, as they shall respectively be shipped from or lauded in any of the said Places according to the Rates aforesaid:

And that every Letter or Packet patting through the General Pott Office in the City of Dublin, from any Lrtrerc paffinf Place within Ireland not less distant than Four Miles from the General Poll Office in the said City, to any in Ireland Place within Ireland not less dillant than Four Miles from the General Poll Office in the said City, shall beh»ough Dublin, charged and pay according to the Distances herein-before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the said Rates from Dublin:

And that for every Letter or Packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any Ship or Vessel Ship Letter* riding or flopping in any Poit within Irrlati ', there shall be charged and paid to His Majesty, His Heiri and Successors, over and above the Rates aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny.

II. And be it further entitled, That the said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered, and applied, under such and the tike Powers and Authorities, Rules, Regulations, recltei* and Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and subject to the like Provisions, Exemptions and Exceptions, and Privileges, as are mentioned, expressed, and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Rates and Duties on Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland 5 and that all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid mentioned, expressed, and contained, or in any other Act or Act# in force in Ireland, relating to such Rates and Duties, shall be applied and extended, and mall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; lave only so far as respects the; Amount of the Duties under the said Acts, or any of them.

41 Act may be altered or repealed this Session. f 3, "

348 C. 22, 23.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

In Ireland the following Duties shall be paid;

On Malt9s. British Currency per Barrel.

On Spirits did died from Malt, 4s. Britdb Currency, per Gallon:

and on Spirits diddled from MeldlU 5 % . per Gallon like Currency.

Duties shall be levied as other Revenues of Custonu and lixeile in Ire* kind, under 14, 15 c. a. c. 8, & c.

Money raised

shall be carried to rbe Irish Consolidated Fund.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or dillilleJ in Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[25th March 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

1 '*Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences in Ireland, have freely and Tvohmtarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty

the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For and upon every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, which at any Time or Times, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether the same shall be or not be for Sale, the Sum of Nine Shillings British Currency, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters, or Spirits, which at any Time or Times from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Malt, or from Corn malted or unmalted, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Sum of Four Shillings Brittish Currency, and so proportionably for a greater of less Quantity, to be paid by the First Maker or Distiller thereof:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits which at any Time or Times from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, shall be made or distilled in Ireland from Melasses, the Sum of Five Shillings Brittish Currency, and so in proportion for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the First Maker or Distiller thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties by this Act granted on Malt, and on Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters, or Spirits, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are appointed, directed, and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying, paying, and managing the Duties payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in Irelandt in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Excise or new Impof upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by the several and respective Acts in force ill Ireland, for collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits, and for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal, to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act, made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His laid late Majesty King Charier the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the several Duties by this Act granted, the necessary Charges of collecting and paying the same being deducted, shall be carried to and made part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

" No Fees payable at the Irish Treasury, } 4. [as j 6. of 44 G. 3. c. 28.] Act may be altered or repealed. u this Session. §5."

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[25th March 1805.]

11 Acts 41 G. 3. c. 74. — 42 G. 3. c. 60. — 43 G. 3. c. 17. recited and continued (except as altered by each other) " until March 25, 1806. §1. According to the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar under 70s. u per cwt. for the Quarters ending 5th May> 5th Sept. 1805, and 5th January 1806. The Drawback or Bounty " in Schedule to 43 G. 3. c. 17. shall be paid, &c. §2. [See Geo. 3. c. 10. { 2.] An additional Drawback. " of 32l. 10l. per Cent, on the Amount of former Drawbacks in respect 01 Duties imposed since 43 G. 3.*c* I7* $ 3- Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §4."

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 24. 25.

349

CAP. XXIV.

further continuing, until the Twenty-fifih Day of March One thousand eight hundred and V*

\d, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain ^1 " Wkn'±

An Act for I

fix, an Act,

Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other

Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

[25th March 1805.]

u Recital of 43 G. 3. c. 11. continued by 44 G. 3. c. 5. — Drawbacks and Bounties in Schedule to 43 G. 3. c. 11. shall be paid as heretofore, §1."

II. And be it further enacted, That if, on the Fifth Day of May or on the Fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, or on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six respectively, or any or either of the said Days, it shall appear, by Notice in the London Gazette^ in Manner directed by an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, that the average Prices of Brow'n or Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said last recited Act, for the preceding Quarter of the Year, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Custoim paid or payable thereon on the Importation into Great Britain, then and in every such Case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to the said first recited Act annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the-London Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed, until Notice of any other Average shall be given in the London Gazette on the Saturday immediately preceding any other of such subsequent Days; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like Manner m every Respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks and Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing of the said first recited Act (except as any such Rules or Regulations are altered by the said Act) 5 and the Whole of the Duty granted by an Act, paflea in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An As fur grattiing to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into and on Lead exported from Great Britain, upon Sugar imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and warehoused according to Law, and sold at the Sales of the said Company after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, shall, upon the Delivery thereof out of the Warehouse for Exportation during the Time of any Drawbacks or Bounties being paid or allowed under this Act in respect of British Plantation Sugar, be wholly drawn back, under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as any former Drawbacks are paid and allowed; any Thing in the said Act passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Recited Act 43 G. 3. c. j 1. continued till 10 — 25th March 1806. — Act may be altered this Session. §3.

u See 44 G. 3. c. 5. and References there"

If, on 5th May, 5th S<*pi. i8©5r and 5th Jan. 1806, the average Prices of Brow: or Muscovado Sugar shall not nave exceeded for the preceding Quarter 70f. per cwt. the Drawback or Bounty in Schedule to 43 G. 3. C. IT. corresponding with the Price, shall be paid, &c.;

and the Duty granted by 41 G. 3. c. tS. on E<(1 India Sugar shall be allowed on Delivery uut of, Warehouse fop Exportation,

CAP. XXV.

An Act, to continue an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in Enghnd, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[25th March 1805J

TWHERE/\S an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for restraining, Recital of

for a limited Time, the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange for Twenty I7G-3- c. 3.

Shillings and under Five Pounds: And whereas the said Act was by an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year (m*dc perpetual of His Majesty's Reign, made perpetual: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of Gan

His present Majesty, the said recited Act of the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, so far as the suspeiided by

fame relates to the making void of Promissory Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings in Writing, payable 37 G. 3. 0.32.

on Demand tt> the Bearer thereof, for any Sum less than the Sum of Five Pounds in the Whole, and also to to Note*

the restraining the publi filing, or uttering and negociating, of any such Notes, Draughts, or Undertakings as under 51* aforesaid, was suspended until the First Day of May then next: And whereas the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hath, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amended: And it is expedient that the same should be further continued; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That % he Ad of the Thirty-seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same suspends Recited Atf, the said Act of the Seventeenth Year aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby further continued as amended 37G. 3. C. 32. (

until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. firpp lt fufPe?d?

*r7C. 3 c. 3. fuv

tner continued.

35°

A<fti may be al-'terrl oi repealed this Session.

Additional Duties on Legacies imported.

Duties upon Legacies exceeding 201 OUt of Rf-.l or Perloijal Eriatr, -nd on Re Or'lie of pci lor , «| EH me, for t*.e Benefit of C> I ren or their Deu cn-datrs, ii. per Cent

Certain Legacies out of I<( a|

Ertal s iul j £led'to f c lame Duties as such Legacies out of Prrlonal'liaten, (al. ios, 4l., and $1. p.r Cenr ), under

440-3- c-9*-

C. 26 — 28.. 45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating t> the permitting the Warehovfing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation, for charging^Duty on the same when taken out for Home Consumption, and for reguUting the Exporration to Great Britain of Spirits not Warehouseri, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five; to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provisinf without Payment of Duty, and to the prohibi ing the Expor ation from Ireland of Corn, or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permi ting the Importa1 ion into Ireland o\ Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, until the Tweiry-filth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

[25 th March 1805.]

u 44 G. 3. c. 104. continued till September 29, 1805, ^or warehousing Irish Spirits, f'l. 45 G. 3. c. 104. 44 §86, &c ] 3Q G. 3. c. 87. for regulating Importation, &c. of Corn in Great Britain, further continued till March 25, 1806.-41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 36. enabling Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, See further continued till March 25, 1806. $ 3.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the Acts hereby continued may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament. '

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[25 th March, 1805.]

Treasury may issue Exchequer Bills, agreeably to those issued under Malt Act (cap. 1.) of this Session. §1, 2. — 44 Interest not exceeding 3 x d. per Centum per Diem. §3, 4. — Clauses, &c. in Malt Act, relating to Exchequer Bills extended to this Act. §5. Bank of England authorized to advance 6, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act. f 6. [In the same Form as 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 4.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies.

{5th April j 805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great*V > Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for defraying Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; 9 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon all Legacies, specifick or pecuniary, or of any other Description, whether the same be charged upon or payable out of any Real or Personal Estate, and upon all Residues or Shares of Personal Estate left by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, or divided by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, and upon Monies, or Residues or Shares of Monies, arising from the Sale of Real Estates, by any Will or Testamentary Instrument directed to be sold, the respective Duties following; that is to say.

Upon every Legacy, specifick or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of Twenty Pounds or more, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, for the Benefit of any Child, or Descendant of any Child, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Personal Estate, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate, and upon the cflear Residue, and every Part of the clear Residue of the Personal Estate of every Person dying teflate or intestate, and upon every Part of the clear Residue devised ta any Person or Persons, of any Monies arising, or that may arise, by the Sale of any Real Estate, by any Will or Testamentary Inflrumer.t directed to be sold, provided such Person shall leave any Personal Estate, or Real I state or F.flatcs so directed to be sold, of the clear Valu- of One hundred Pounds or upwards, in the Whole, after dedufti.ig Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges and Legacies, (if any), the Sum of One Pound for every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or Part or Share of Residue, and so after the same Rate for any greater or less Sum:

Upon every Legacy of the Amount or Value of Twenty Pounds or more, by any Will or Tcflament&ry Instrun ent charged upon or given out of any Real Eflat, or Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be iold, of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds or upwards, and upon such Monies, and the clear cfidue, and every Part or Share of the clear Residue of such Monies, after Payment of Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges and Legacies, if any, and which, if payable or arising out of any Personal Estate, would, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Papery in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ have been chargeable with any of

the

351

A.D. 1805. 4j* GEORGII III. C. 28.

the Duties of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, Four Pounds, and Five Pounds, in the said Act mentioned, the like Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings, Four Pounds, and Five Pounds respectively for ever/ One hundred Pounds of the Value or Amount of such Legacy, or Residue, or Part or Share of Residue, and so after the same Rate for any greater or less Sum:

Upon every Legacy, specifick or pecuniary, arising out of any Per Tonal Estate, and upon the Residue, and; omM>.»ry every Part; of the clear Residue of any Personal Estate, for which a Duty of Eight Pviuds for every One y hundred Pounds is now payable under the said recited Act, an additional Duty of Two Pounds, and so after )', tl.C

the same Rate for any greater or less Sum: Em*'*) n.i. ie d, a d< p-. Cent

Upon every Legacy of the Amount or Value of Twenty Pounds or more, by any Will y: Teftnnvni" y D < > f xol. Instrument charged upon or given out of any Real Eflnte, or Monies arising hom the or any Re1 LfDte /<* c 1 uP?n directed to be sold, of the clear Value in the Whole of One hundred Pounds and upwa Js, and upon «.-u* f \ ar

Rcftdue, and every Part or Share of the clear Residue of such Monica, after deducting Debts, Funeral hiCil, ifp«\^ble Expences, and other Charges and Legacies, if any, and which Audi be given for the Benefit of any Pen on whose ou, 0i P Legacy or Residue, or Part or Share of Residue, if arising out of any Personal Eftat, would be now charge able*uld lc .1 Me with a Duty of Eight Pounds per Centum under the said recited Act, a Ditty of Ten Potr ds for every One r >' P r l/nr* hundred Pounds of the Value or Amount of such Legacy or Monies, or Residue or Part or Share or Residue, " jV. 3*

and so after the same Rate for any greater or less Sum.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act shall not extend to, or be char; ed or Dj its (h.*l! not payable in respect of any legacies satisfied out of any Real or Personal Estate, or in respect of any RVfidue

or Share of any Personal Estate, or of any Monies, or Residues or Parts or Shares of Monies arising from the of

Sale of any Real Estate of any Person dying before the passing of this Act. »> f* ng* tf r<wh % Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with jjljrturL g cif<,

any of the Duties hereby granted any Legacy or Residue, or Part or Share of Residue, which shall be given & .toaH .{band or pass to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased, or to or for the Benefit of any of the w'f > or Ujli' Royal Family. Koyai tanuly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Gift by any'Will or Testamentary Instrument of any Person dying after the passing of this Act!, which, by virtue of any such Will or Testamentary Instrument, mall have eftedl, or be satisfied out of the Personal Estate of such Penon so dying, or out of any Personal Estate which such Person shall have Power to dispose of, as he or she shall think fit, or which shall have been charged upon or made payable out of any Real Estate, or be directed to be satisfied out of any Monies to arise by the Sale of any Real Estate, of the Person so dying, or which such Person may hare the Power to dispose of, whether the fame shall be given by way of Annuity, or in any other Form, shall be deemed and taken to be a Legacy within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to the charging with the Duties by this Act granted, any specifick Sum or Sums of Money, or any Share or Proportion thereof charged by any Marriage Settlement or Deed or Deeds upon any Real Estate, in any Case in which any such specifick Sum or Sums, or Share or Proportion theredf, shall be appointed or apportioned by any Will or Testamentary Instrument under any Power given for that Purpose by any such Marriage Settlement or Deed or Deeds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted upon Legacies, or charged upon or made payable out of any Real Estate, or out of any Moniesto arise by the Sole of any Real Estate, or upon Residues, or Parts or Shares of Residues of any such Monies, strall be accounted for, -answered, and paid by the Trustee or Trustees to whom the Real Estate shall be devised, out of which the Legacy or Legacies, or Share or Shares, of any Money arising out of the Sale or Mortgage, or other Disposition of such Real Estate, shall be to be paid or satisfied; or if there shall be no Trustees, then by the Person or Persons entitled to such Real Estate, f abject to any such Legacy; or by the Person or Persons empowered or required to pay or satisfy any such Legacy; and the said Duties shall be retailed by the Person paying or satisfying any such Legacy or Shane of Money, in like Manner, and according to such Rules and Regulations, and under and fybject to such Penalties, as far as the same can be made applicable, as are contained in an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates, and for granting other Duties thereon in certain Cases.

u Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps. §6.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties on Legacies, granted by ao Act of the last Session of Parliament, and by this Act, shall be raised, levied, accounted for, and paid, under an I according to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid; and all the Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in the said Act contained in relation to Legacies out of Personal Estates, or to the collecting any Duties thereon, or Valuation of any Annuities, or Periods of paying the Duties thereon by Liftalrnents or otherwise, shall, so far as the same can be made applicable, and m all Cases not expressly provided for by this Act, extend to and be put in force in relation to Legacies, Annuities, and Shares of Money arising or to arise out of any Real Estate; and all Directions, Provisions, Forfeitures, and Penalties in the said A<S contained, as to Executors and Administratorr, shall be applied to all Trustees and Owners of any Real Estates, chargeable with Legacies, Annuities, or Shares of Money, or out of which, or any Money to arise therefrom, \ against] any such Legacies, Annuities, or Shares of Money, shall be to be satisfied, as fully and amply as if all such Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, in relation to Legacies, Annuities, and Shares of Money arising or to arise out of any Real Z ft ate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, «my Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, or provided, made, or used for

What shall bt

c!turned a Lwj icy under this Act.

Act shall not

ex^-nt* to Appointment by Will undet Siit.ciucnt*, icC,

Duties or Legacies charged un Real Estates flinh be p*id by t it T urices, or t'.f Persons*i.tillt d to such Estate, and retained as Under 36 G. 3. c. 51.

Duties on Le-H- ci< s granted

by44a.3-c. 9g.

and this Act, lh.il! he levied according to the Pr ivitijns of 36 G. 3. €. s*.

Sic, Rot.

Person! counted feiting Stamps, Lc. guilty of

3S2

Felony without Benefit of

y.

From April 5, 1805, additional Duties of Customs specified in xitc annexed Tables (A.) and (B.) shall be paid.

Duties not payable on Goods Iccuicd in Ware honfe until taken our for Consumption, &c.

C. 29.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the fame, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of the said Duties, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall he adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

Powers of recited Act, 36 G. 3. c. C2. and of all other Stamp Acts in force extended to this Act. §9. —

Duties shall be carried to British Consolidated Fund. §10. — Separate Accounts of Duties shall be kept for Ten Years. §11. — Limitation of Actions, Six Months. - General Issue. — Treble Costs. §12. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §13.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into or brought or carried Coastwise.

[5th April 1805.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; 9 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported or-brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, the several additional Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.)

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the additional Duties of Customs by this Act granted shall not be paid or payable on any/Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be secured in Warehouses under His Majesty's Locks, unless and until such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be taken out of any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used orconfumed in Great Britain, or (hfdl be sold for the Payment of Duties under any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such Duties.

Duties shall not be payable on the Amount of Duties granted by 43 G. 3. c. 70*. or 44 G. 3. c. 53. §3.

See Schedules (A.) (B.j §3. — Duties under this Act shall be paid on all Goods (except imported by the East India Company) not entered, and on which former Duties have not been secured by Bond, although imported 41 before April5, 1805. §4. — But not if such Duties shall have been secured by Bond before that Day. §5. — 44 Duties under this Act (except on Goods imported by the East India Company^ shall be payable on Goods remaining in Warehouses under His Majesty's Locks on 5th April 1805, but shall not be charged till taken out for Home Consumption. f 6. — Duties shall be paid on Goods imported by the East India Company, 44 or being in their Warehouses, and which shall be sold at the Publick Sales, after April 5, 1805. §7. — Duties may be secured by Bond, as former Duties. §8. — Acts shall not alter any of the Provisions of Acts of Union. §9. — Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland imported into Great Britain shall be charged with the countervailing Duties expressed in Table (C.). §10, - Such additional countervailing Duties shall be managed as former countervailing Duties. §11. — Drawbacks or Bounties inserted in Tabic (D.)shall be paid on the I xportation of Refined Sugar from Great Britain to Ireland. §12. — Bounty or Drawback ft 1 all not be allowed on any Sugar entered for Export to Ireland before 17^/771*05. $ 13. — Duties 44 (Hall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs. §14. — Duties shall be levied as former Duties of Customs, in all respects general or particular, except as altered by this Act. §15. — Duties 4< shall be carried to British Consolidated Fund, §16. Separate Account shall be kept of the Duties, and annually laid before Parliament, and Duties shall be applied to defray charge of any Loan of this Session. {17. — €€ Duty on Slate or Stone may be added to Price, where Contrafts have been made before April 5, 1805. §18. — 44 Limitation of Actions, Three Months — General Issue — Treble Costs. §10, — Act mar be altered or repealed this Section. §20."

LFor Form of the Clauses fee Acts, 43 Geo. 3. c. 68: 44 Geo. 3. r. 53.]

TABLES

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 9* 353

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described#

For every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable on

Slate and Stone of all Sorts, an additional Duty of -

Barilla, an additional Duty of -

Bri vstone, an additional Duty of -

Bristles of all Sorts, an additional Duty of -

Feathers of all Sorts, an additional Duty of -

Iron, an additional Duty of -

Lemons and Oranges, an additional Duty of -

Prunes, an additional Duty of -

Turpentine, common, an additional Duty of -

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, an additional Duty of -

These additional Duties are not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His MajestyY during the present War and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; or by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, into Great Britain, and on Good, Wares, and Merchandise, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain*

See the Act to which this Table is annexed. [§ 3.]

Duty.

£ d.

20 0 0

IO 0 0

ZO 0 0

IO 0 0

10 0 0

5 6 0

5 O

S O

5 0

2 IO

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DUTIES of CUSTOMS, payable on the Good*, Ware*, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described, brought or carried COASTWISE, or from Port to Port within Great Britain. —

Duty.

*i

Slate and Stone, for every Hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of £. s. d. Customs % due and payable thereon — — 20 o

This additional Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, is not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of \

certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, in Great Britain 5 or by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the firefetJ War and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

See the Act to which this Tabic is annexed, [f

45 Geo. III.

Z z

TABLE

354 C. 29. 30. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

1'/

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of ADDITIONAL COUNTERVAILING DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Ireland, impoited from thence into Great Britain.

Sugar refined, viz. — Bastards, whole or ground, the Hundred Weight Duty. £. t. d, 0 0 6

- Lumps, the Hundred Weight — — Single Loaf, the Hundred Weight — — Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the Hundred Weight _ — O O 11}

OIO

- X Oil

Sugar Candy, viz. - — Brown, the Hundred Weight — _ 0 6 Hi

- White, the Hundred Weight — Sugar refined, of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight — — Oil Oil

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DRAWBACKS or BOUNTIES to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from, thence to Ireland\

\Jfhe Artkiu and Sum tie same ai in Schedule C.J

CAP. XXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

[5th April 1805: .]

Most Gracious'Sovereign,

TTI7Tour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, have freely and

voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise

herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and' by the Authority of the

The Dbtiet fame. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use

speci fieri in of His Majesty, His Hein and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities

Schedule (A) mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (A.) hereunto annexed, the several - Sums of Money and.th.c Duties of Excise, ae they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule; and that

eUikfliS ftuH $*ere shall be made, allowed, add paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, he paid and for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the allowed. - fame, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the farite are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule marked (B)hereunto annexed, and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act 1 and the same respectively shall- commence and take Effect from the respective Day or Days mentioned in the said Schedule, in Cales where any special Date or Dates is or are inserted therein, and in Cales where no such Date is inserted, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise. $ 2"

Duties shall be

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be paid by the^accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged, by the Pexfcuvor Persons liable to the accounting for*. Peifo«s liable to clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as Puii-» of Excise Duties of Excise chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, or upon any Person for or in respect thereof, were by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately befoae the passing of this Act, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

Duties and Drawbacks to act be proportionate to actual Quantity. $ 4. §5 of 43 G. 3. c. 81.] Duties

may be added to Price where Goods are delivered in pursuance of Contract after April 5, 1805. f 5. — 44 Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and managed as former Duties of Excise. §6. Duties shall be carried to British Consolidated Fund. §7. Separate Accounts shall be kept of Duties, and annually laid before Parliament, and Duties shall be applied to defray Charge of any Loan of this Session. §8."

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 3* 355'

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Countervailing Duty imposed by an Act passed in the Thirty- Countenrattiuj

ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Union of Great puly

Britain and Ireland, of Nine-pence for every Dozen of Quart Bottles of common Green Glass, imported into r^rt5.

Great Britain from Ireland, (nail, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and SchrJ a.] on five, be deemed and taken to be a Duty of Excise, and shall be computed upon each "and every Dozen of Glas* Bottles frail reputed Quarts; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise* deem'd a notwithstanding.'*«T« E*cif*

X. And whereas certain Persons make or manufacture Glass Wares, who are not under the Survey of the Who shall be

Officers of Excise, to the Detriment of the Revenue, and the Injury of the entered Manufacturers of Glass; Makers

and Doubts have arisen, whether such Persons are liable to the Survey of the Officers of Excise 5 for Remedy 0*

thereof, be it declared and further enacted, That cacii and every Person who shall make or manufacture any

Sort or Kind of Glass, or Glass Wares by melting any Metal, Materials, Collet, or old or broken Glass, in any Pot, Crucible, or other Utensil, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker of Glass, and shall be subject to all and every the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Penalties, to which Makers of Glass are now by Law fnbieft and liable; any Thing in thi6 or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §11."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DUTIES.

AUCTIONS.

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of any Interest in Possemon or Revernon in any Freehold, Customary, of, or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and any Share or Shares in the Capital or Joint Stock of any Corporation or chartered Company, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Ships and Vessels, and of any Reversionary Interest in the publick runds, and of any Plate or Jewels, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money —

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of Furniture, Fixtures, Piftares, Books, Horses, and Carriages and all mother Goods and Chattels whatsoever, and so in Proportion for any greater 01 left Sum of such Purchase Money -

Duties.

o o t

P O t

BRICKS AND TILES.

For everj Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions, (that is to say) Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, and Five Inches wide — — — O O 10

For every Thousand of plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain — — 00

COFFEE.

For evei^y Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee which shall be imported into Great Britain on or after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, or which, having been previousy so imported, shall, on or after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, be taken or delivered, for Home Consumption, out of any Warehouse in which the same shall be or shall have been lodged or depositea under the Locks of the Officers of Customs and Excise, or either of them -

o o 4

CYDER AND PERRY.

For everjr Hogshead of Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the First Buyer or Maker thereof, such Buyer or Maker being a Dealer in or Retailer of Cyder or Perry, or by the Factor or Agent to whom such Cyder or Terry shall be sent or consigned to be sold or disposed of -

o to m

Z z a

GLASS.

GLASS.'Duties.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Glass, the following Sums respectively; that is to say, £. d.

In the making of Plate or Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass — In the making of Spread Window Glass commonly called or known by the Name of Broad 0 16 4

Glass — — — In the making of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether flaftied or otherwise manuta&ured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or 041

German Sheet Glass — — — 0 12 3

For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass and of all other Glass which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the same not being Fla(ks in which Wine or Oil shall or may be imported, nor Foreign Green Glass Bottles, nor Irish Glass or Glass Manufactures imported directly from Ireland — — I I 0

VINEGAR. For every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale — — 050

WIRE. For every Ounce Troy of Gih Wire which shall be made in Great Britain — — For every Ounce Troy of Silver Wire which shall be made in Great Britain — — O O K>' 0 0 7

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES. Countervailing Duties.

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every Thousand of Irish Bricks, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions (that is to say), Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, and Five Inches wide, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland — — For every Thousand of Irish Plain Tiles which shall be imported into Great Britain directly O O IO

from Ireland — — — O O IO

CYDER AND PERRY. For every Hogshead, confiding of Sixty-three Gallons English Wine Measure, of Irish Cyder and Perry which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland as Merchandize, or for Sale, or which shall be lent or condgned to any Fadlor or Agent to sell or dispose of O JO Cf

GLASS. For every Square Foot, superficial Measure, of Irish Plate Glass which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland — — For every Hundred Weight of Irish Flint, Enamel, Stained, Paste, or Phial Glass, which shall 0 i r

be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland — — For every Hundred Weight of Irish Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, which x j 9:

shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland — — For every Hundred Weight of Irish Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether flaftied or otherwise manufadlufed, and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or j* 0 + 0

German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland — For every One Hundred Weight of any Sort or Species of Irish Glass, not herein-berore enumerated or described (common Green Glass Bottles, and Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and Garden Glades* and all other Vessels or Utensils of common Bottle Metal 09lot

excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland — 1 1 Q

VINEGAR. For every Barrel, confiding of Thirty-four Gallons Englifti Beer Measure, of Irish Vinegar which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - — 0 5 0 WIRE.

I

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 30.

WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Gilt Wire which shall be imported into Great Britain dire£Uy from Ireland -

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Silver Wire which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from reland _

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire (pun upon Suk, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -

Duties.

JL*

o o so

007

078

059

SCHEDULE (B.)

DRAWBACKS.

Drawbacks.

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every Thousand of Bricks made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions (that is to say), Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, ana Five Inches wide, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

For every Thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain for which all the Duties in respeCi thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

© o 10

O O IQ

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry made in Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall, be duly exported at Merchandize to Foreign Parts —

0 >0 4

GLASS.

For every Square Foot, superflcial Measure, of Plate Glass made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts —

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained, or Pafle Glass, or Phial Glass, made in Great Britain from N^aterials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts — ' -

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flaflied or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

oif 1 1 9

O 4 O}

O 14 IQ$

WIRE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire Spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire made in Great Britain for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Silver Wire made in Great Britain for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Part* -

078*

o*9

3j8 0.31,

-45° GEORGII III.

A; D. 1805.

C*/. 38. / (kit S'JJhn.]

4* G..3,

9°,

CAP. XXXI.

[See a* tv Ireland An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Rojal Marines.'[10th April 1805.]

WHEREAS it ishighly important that the moll effectual Meaftircs should be taken for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines, for the vigorous Prosecution of the prefect War: And it is therefore expedient immediately to allow so many of the Militia now serving in Great Britain, as may exceed the original Quotas specified in Two Acts, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to the Militia of England and Scotland respectively, to be reduced; and to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of such of them as may voluntarily offer to enlist in His Majesty's Regular 4 'Forces and Royal Marines, under certain Provisions and Restrictions: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted'; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders signified by His Majesty's Searetary of State, to name and appoint such and so many Regiments of His Majesty's Regular Forces and Divisions of the Royal Marines, as His Majesty shall think fit, to receive Volunteers from the Militia in Great Britain under this Act, out of any Regiment of Militia named in any such Order; and it shall be lawful for any Number of Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men of any such Regiment of Militia, not

Marines in which exceeding the Proportions herein after mentioned, to enlist in the Manner and under the Regulations herein 'MCnmay ment*oned>nto anT Regiment and Division as aforesaid, which in any such Order of His Majesty shall be cn 1 named to receive Volunteers from such Regiment of Militia.

Number allowed H. And be it further enacted, That the Number of private Men to be enlisted out of the Militia of any

to enlist: County, whether the same shall consist of more than One Battalion or not, or whether the Militia of Two or

more Counties shall be included in only One Battalion, shall not, in any Case exceed the Number of private Men then serving in the Militia for such County, after deducting the original Quota of the Militia thereof; One Serjeant and and the Number of Serjeants and Corporals to be enlisted out of the Militia of any County, shall not in any Case Corporal for exceed the Proportion of One Serjeant and One Corporal for every Twenty private Men enlisting; and in case

every Twenty the Militia of any County shall consist of more than One Battalion, His Majesty's Secretary of State {ball

ascertain the Number of private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of each of such Battalions, by the Proportion which the Number of private Men serving in each Battalion bears to the whole Number of private Men actually serving in tie Militia of such County, and shall signify to the Commanding Officers of each of such Battalions, the Number of private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of their respective Battalions.

His Majesty may appoint Rfgimmt* of t»*r R.gular .Forces and Pivifio.n of the

'Privates.

Where more than One Battalion, the Secretary of

State shall ascertain the Nu M>cr to he enlisted out of each. Commanding Officer lb ill ascertain Number willing to enlist; and if it be Four Fifths of the Number

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia, on the Receipt of any Order or Orders of His Majesty's Secretary of State, specifying the Regiment or Division as aforesaid, into which his Men may enlist, and the Number of Men to be allowed to enlist out of his Regiment, to ascertain the Number of Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men willing to enlist into the Regiment or Division as aforesaid, out of his Regiment 5 and if the Number of such private Men, who shall upon Inspection b£ approved as herein-before is mentioned, shall amount to Four Fifths of the Number allowea to

ih The'enlisted* en^> forthwith to deliver them to the Officer appointed to receive such Volunteers; and in such Case no* further Number of private Men shall be allowed to enlist out of such Regiment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia, if he shall think fit, by Ballot or otherwise, at his Discretion, to select any Number of private Men, not exceeding in Number One Half of the private Men actually serving in such Regiment at the Time of receiving His Majesty's said Order, or in case such Regiment shall consist of the Muitia of Two or more Counties, then not exceeding in Number for each County One Half of the private Men actually serving in such Regiment for each County, to serve as Part of the Original Quota of the Militia to which the County shall reman liable, and also to select a like Proportion of Serjeants and Corporals then serving therein; and the Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men so selected by such Commanding ()fficer, shall not be allowed to enlist into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, under this Act; and in every such Case the SerjeantG, Corporals, and private Men, to be enlisted under this Act, shall be enlisted only out of the Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men remaining after such Selection as aforesaid.

V. And be it fyrther enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint such General or Field Officers, specially authorized by His Majesty, or the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces for that

ivjcti u.v i^nr.r, Purpose, to inspect, approve, or reject the Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men, who shall be desirous of but nune shall be enlisting under this Act; and such Officers may approve of or reject such Serjeants, Corporals, or private Men rejected who are accordingly: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorize any such Officers 5 Feet 4li.chc», to reject any Serjeants, Corporals, or private Men, desirous of enlisting into any Regiment or Division as afore-Year^of1A*ge, w^° t^ie Height of Five Feet and Four Inphes or upwards, and urnlcr the Age of Thirty-five

and not diubled. Years, and not disabled by Lamcness or other bodily Infirmity.

Commanding

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commanding Officer of every Regiment of Militia, out of which Officer of every such Proportion of Four Fifths shall not have enlisted, and been delivered to such Officer as aforesaid, shall, within Seven Days after receiving His Majesty's Order in that Behalf, cause such Regiment, if no Selection Proportion of have keen rna<^c 09 aforesaid, and if such Selection shall have been made, then the remaining Part of the

Foui Fifth* shall Men then serving in such Regiment, to be drawn out, and such Commanding Officer, or some Commissioned not mlift, shall Officer by his Direction, shall read to the Regiment or Men, so drawn out. His Majesty's Orders, and shall read His Ma- cause the same to .be given out in Orders, and shall, in such Manner as His Majesty shall direct, explaiu to the jesty's Order, - Men

Commanding Officer may select not exceeding Half of the Number serving in the Regiment of Militia, and the Men to be entitled under this Act Qull be from the Remainder.

His Majesty may appoint Officers - to approve or reject the Merr,

A.D. 1805.

450 GEORGII III.

C, $t,

359

Men die Tenr.s upon which any Man serving in the Militia may enlist into any Regiment or Di-rifion as aforesaid, " the "^ha(!n under this Act; and shall on the Day next succeeding the Reading of His Majesty's said Order, cause his Terms of Enlist-Regiment, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, to be drawn out in mch Manner as the Commanding Officer ment, and cause shall direct, and such Commanding Officer shall cause the Names of the Men who shall then voluntarily declare Names of the their Intention of enlisting into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, to be written down; and if the Number ^i^e^dovrn* of such Men shall exceed the Proportion allowed to enlist, such Excess shall be reduced by Ballot to the Number an(j , f lnfy c/_ authorized to enlist into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid. ceed the allowed Proportion the Excef* rit.ii; b: reduced by Ballot.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Number of private Men in any Regiment of Militia, But if the Num-or in such Part thereof at shall not have been selected as aforesaid, who shall (when so drawn out as aforesaid) btr who G*11 voluntarily declare their Intention to enlist into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, shall not amount unto the^Proportion authorized to enlist, then and in such case a Book shall be opened by the Commanding Officer, and t JIlf Menraiy* it shall be lawful for any other of such Men, at any Time within Ten Days after such Regiment of Militia, within Ten Days or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall have been drawn out, to enlist into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, enlist, whose, and the Name of every such Man shall be entered in the said Book, and be transmitted by such Commandidg N.imes shall be Officer to the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of the County; and in case the full Number of Men shall not Jf^C^uIuy

be enlisted within such Period of Ten Days as aforesaid, the Regiment, or such Part thereof as shall not have ijeuren.nt, and been selected as aforesaid, shall at the Expiration of such Period be again drawn out, and such Orders, and f t\e full Num-the Terms of enlisting as aforesaid, be again read and explained, and such Proceedings be had for enlisting of bcrihali not then Men into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, as herein-before directed, within the Ten Days then next ^d, 8* enfning; and all such Men so enlisting shall, if approved, be entitled to such and the like Bounty as if they had e«iUHng ihcnT declared their Intention to enlist when the Regiment, or any Part thereof, was first drawn out as aforesaid. to .til be had

within tve next Ten Days.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the full Proportion of the Militia of any County, authorized if the full Pro-

to enlist under this Act, shall not have enlisted to serve in any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, then and in PorT, ', n"7 such Case the Vacancies that shall thereafter arise in such Militia shall be supplied according to the Provisions of future

Two several Acts, passed in the ]aft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for efiabltshing and maintaining a Vac.mciei thalt permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, be supplied and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, and An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent according to-additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland, respectively, until the Militia of such County shall be reduced Militia* be re-to the original Quotas specified in the said Acts of the Forty-second Year aforesaid..duced to its original Quota.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal enlisting as such under this Act, may be* Serjeant and

reduced to the Rank of a private Soldier in any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, in case of any Misconduct, C°'P°ra, maT or for any such sufficient Cause, after his having so enlisted, as would, according tt> the Usage and Practice novate

prevailing in any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, occasion the Reduction of a Serjeant or Corporal to Swldier* P the Rank of a private Soldier.

X. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the Number of Serjeants, Gorporals, and private Men to be enlisted from any Regiment, shall have been ascertained in Manner by this Act directed, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge all such Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men so to ^__________

be enlisted from the Militia; and every such Serjeant, Corporal, and private Man so discharged as aforesaid, is ascertained, shall, if approved by the Officer to be appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, immediately thereupon fh«-y be belong to the Regiment, or Division into which he shall declare his Intention to enlist, and shall be immediately d, (5h£r8: e<\ enlisted and attested for General Service for such Regiment or Division, and shall (as soon as conveniently may,

*) be transferred to some Officer of such Regiment or Division, or such Officer as His Majesty may have attested reappointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act, and shall have and be entitled to the Allowance of the General Service Bounty of Ten Guineas, of which Three Guineas shall be paid to such Man on His Approval by such Officer, be Regiments at the Depot, Rendezvous, or Place of Assembly for such Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men, (which said

Depot, Rendezvous, or Place of Assembly, shall not be nearer to the Head Quarters of the Regiment from ij.^ntiorTto which the said Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men shall have been discharged, than Six measured Miles)^ enlist, and toall and the Remainder as soon as he shall arrive at the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Division into which he be entitled to (have have enlisted, together with Subsistence, Pay, and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like Manner ^unly of in every Respect, and subject to, and under the line Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as are provided and ufod.*n Guiiu*l> for the Regiment or Division as aforesaid, into which he shall have enlisted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or in his Absence the Vice Lieutenant or any Three County Lieu-Deputy Lieutenants, authorized by His Majesty to act as Lieutenant of any County aforesaid, shall/ within Teti tenant, oh Ord*r Days after the receiving of any Oflder for that Purpose from His Majesty, signifiea by His Majesty's Secretary from His M*-of State, transmit to His Majesty's Privy Council an accurate Account in Writing of the Number of Persons 3cfty>.that shall have been discharged from the Militia of their respective Counties, and enlistfed, in any Regiment Cotmc.l an

or Division as aforesaid under this Act5 which Accounts shall, in all Cases where the fame'may be necessary, Accouumf the be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of such Militia to such Lieutenants, Vice Lieutenant*, or Deputy Number of Men Lieutenants as aforesaid for that Purpose.' r, ) s* tr -n'mitted ...bin. -> c>n< maturing Officer.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ^n-commissioned Officer* Corporal, or private in

Militia Man, shall be entitled to enlist under this Act who shall be in Confinement under any Sentence of any

Court Martial, or with a view to being tried by any Court Martial* until he shall have suffered the Sentence-" til hc ^aj[ of such Court Martial; and that no Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or private Militia Man, shall be have suffered the entitled to his Discharge or to enlist under this Act, who shall have been in Confinement, or who shall have Sentence of a keen Sentenced to any Punishment by any Court Martial; for any Offence committed between the Twenty-first Gourl Manub*

g Day

As soon at the Number to be enlisted from any Regiment

36

NoSetjcanr, &c. shall enlist into the Artillery as ( Adjutant* Clerks, lee. shall not enlist without Consent of Commanding Officer.

Commanding Officers may refuse to clif-charge Men upon nffigning sufficient Cause.

Persons dif-jchaigt d refusing to enlist, or not being approved, shall continue to belong to their Regiment.

Act (halt not authorize the eniiiting or persuariing to cniift any Man not duly discharged.

His Majesty m.?y issue Old* rs to lieutenants of Counties and C"rr.man(!ing Officers for executing this Act.

His Majesty may make a new At ranpement of the Establishment of the Regiments of Militia.

No Person shall be drafted from the Reg'roeot in which he enlisted unief* hi ft discharged therefrom.

On Production to the County Lieutenant of Certificates of Men having heen enlisted, heir Name* shall be difclurgecl from tnc Lift of Men serving for the CoiP'ty, and rhi Certificate ofih: Number to be farted an&aded.

C. 31.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Day of March One thousaftd eight hundred and fire and the Time of his so offering to enlist, unless he shall obtain the Consent of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be serving at the Time of his being desirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That f.o Serjeant or Corporal of Militia shall be permitted to enlist as such into His Majesty's Artillery.

bch.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person serving in the Militia, who shall be usually employed as Adjutant's Clerk, or Regimental Clerk, or as a Drummer, or as a Musiciaa in the Band of the Regiment of Militia to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an Armourer in any such Regiment, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid under this Act, unless he shall obtain the Consent for that Purpose of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia in which he shall be then serving.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment of Militia to refuse to discharge any Non-commissioned Officer, Corporal, or private Militia Man, who shall desire his Discharge for the Purpose of being enlisted under this Act, upon assigning in Writing to the General Officer commanding in the District within which such Regiment of Militia shall be quartered, or to the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces, where there shall not be any such General Officer as aforesaid, such Cause forhis Refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer or Adjutant General, as the Case may be.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person discharged from the Militia for the Purpose of being enlisted into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, under this Act, shall notwithstanding refuse to enlist pursuant to any Declaration of being desirous to enlist so made by him as aforesaid, or shall not be approved by the Officer appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose, th^n and in every such Case such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment of Militia from which he shall have been fb discharged for the Purpose of enlisting as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Officers appointed by His Majesty to enlist and receive Militia Men under this Act, or any Commanding Officer or other Officer, or Non-commissioned Officer of any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, or other Person, to enlist or persuade to enlist, or receive any Militia Men other than such as shall have been duly discharged by the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment of Militia to which the Person desirous of enlisting shall belong.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by His Majesty's Secretary of State at any Time, from Time to Time during the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, to give such Orders and Directions to the Lieutenants, or in the Vacancy of the Office, or Absence of any Lord Lieutenant, to the Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants authorized to act as Lieutenant, or to the respective Colonels or Commanding Officers of any Regiments of Militia as his Majesty shall from Time to Time think expedient and necessary ior the Execution of this Act; and the several Lieutenants, Vice

r Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants, and Colonels and Commanding Officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith, in pursuance of His Majesty's Orders, to do all such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying such ordef into Execution, and for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, whenever He shall think proper, after the passing of this Act, to cause the Militia of any County or Counties to be formed into such and such Number of Regiments, Battalions, or Companies, as His Majesty shall deem expedient, or to unite any Number of Companies of Militia of any Counties, Ridings, or Places, not having respectively a sufficient Number of Men to form a distinct Battalion or Company, Regard being had to the Reduction that shall have taken place in the Militia of such County or Counties by the Enlistmeat of Men into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, under this Act, and conforming in every such Case, as near as the Proportion of Men left after such Rodudlion as aforesaid will admit, to the original Establishment of the Militia of such County or Counties, Riding or Place, with respect to the Regiments, Battalions, or Companies of which the same was composed, under the said Two Acts of the Forty-second Year aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be enlisted to serve in any Regiment or Division so named and appointed as aforesaid, shall serve in the Regiment or Division in which he shall originally have enlisted to serve, and in no other Regiment or Division whatever; and no Person enlisting in any such Regiment or Division, shall, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be drafted into or ferye in any other Regiment or Division, whether such Person shall consent to liis being so drafted or not, unless in every such Case, the Person so consenting to serve in any other Regiment or Division, other than the one for which he shall have so enlisted as aforesaid, shall have been first wholly and absolutely discharged from all Service whatever in any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, and shall thereafter have voluntarily enlisted into such other Regiment or Division as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production to the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, of a Certificate under the Hand of any Justices of the Peace of any County in Great Britain, or of any Magistrate of any Borough, Town, or Place therein, of any private Man belonging to the Militia haring voluntarily enlisted and been attested as aforesaid, and of a like Certificate under the Hand of any Officer appointed by His Majesty to receive such Men, of such Man having been attested for any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, (which Certificates every such Justice or Magistrate and Office* respectively is hereby required to give gratis), such Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, is and are hereby required to cause the Person named in such Certificate to be discharged from the Lift of Militia Men serving for such County, and the Certificate of the Number of Men to be raised for the Militia of such County, to be amended by striking out such Number of Men as shall be enlisted from the Militia of such County by virtue of this Act.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

c. 31, 32. 361

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if by reason of any enlisting under this Act the private Men that shall remain serving in any Hundred or other Division, Parish or Parishes of any County shall exceed, and in

any other Hundred or Division, or Parish or Parishea shall be less, than the Men required to serve for such exceed or I. respective Hundreds, Divisions, or Parishes, according to the Apportionment made of the original Quota 1 fs in Division* of such County, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants of such County to regulate the">' County supplying of all Vacancies that shall hereafter arise in respect of Men serving for Parishes having such Excefe by the Parishes having left than their due Proportion, until the Men serving for each Parish shall correspond with Li..Jtc^ncy the Apportionment made of the original Quota. may regulate the supplying future Vacant ict.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment of Militia shall, within One Week the

after the Whole of the Men allowed to enlist out of his Regiment under this Act shall have enlisted, or Kcturnl

after the Expiration of the Period in which Men shall be allowed to enlist from his Regiment, transmit to the of the Men who respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings for the County to which the Regiment belongs, or where the hive cniifred Men of more than One County shall be so serving, then to the Clerks of such respective Counties, an accurate u»dcrihi* Ail, Return of all the Serjeantsand Corporals, and also of the private Men serving for their respective Snl>di % ilions,

who shall have enlisted under this Act, specifying therein the Christian and Surname of each Serjeant, Corporal, Meetings* and private Man, and in every Case of a Private Man, whether such Man shall be a balloted Man, Substitute, null ti animit to hired Man, or Volunteer, and the Parish or Place for which he was serving at the Time of such inlisting; the County and the said Clerks shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Returns, transmit to the Treasurer of the Treasurer in County, if in England, an Account of the Serjeants and Corporals that shall have been so inlisted, and to the Account of the respective Overseers of the Poor, if ui England, and the Treasurers of the Kirk Section, if in Scotland, an Serjeants and Account of the Men serving for their respectiv* Parishes or Places who shall have inlisted under this Ati: And Corporals, and all Allowances payable to the Wives and Tamil ^s of any such Serjeants, Corporals, and private Men, by virtue to the Oversed t, of Two A£U of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of Militia Men in England and Scotland respectively, in respect whereof any Reimbursement shall be enlisted.' *directed by the said Acts, shall be reimbursed according to the Directions of the said Acts, up to the End of the Period for making up Accounts of such Allowances, preriously to which such enlisting shall have taken Allowances tt Place, unless Notice shall have been given to the Overseers or Treasurers of the Kirk Session, entitled to claim Families under any such Reimbursements, to discontinue such Allowances, in which Case such Allowances shall be reimbursed only up to the End of the Week next preceding such Notice being given.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to oot

extend to aqy County, the Number of Men actually serving for which County shall be left than the original Cmmtie* wfceie Quota thereof.'Number serving shall be left than their Quotas.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act Provisions rtlu-contained, relating to Counties and to Regiments respectively, shall extend to all Stewartries, Ridings, Dirifions,"gt0 Countie* Cities, and Places in Great Britain> and to all Battalions, Corps, and Companies, as fully and amply as if they

were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause relating to any such s*strarrrtrt° Matter or Thing. Battalion#, '*c.

44 A & may be altered or repealed this Session. §26."

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection the Privileges of Prize Ships under certain Regulations and Restrictions; and for allowing Aliens, in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the O. ctipations of Merchants or Factors during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[torh April 1805.]

WHEREAS, in'consequence of Articles of Capitulation, whereby certain foreign Colonies or Settlements, or Parts thereof, have been or may hereafter be surrendered to His Majesty during the present War,

certain foreign Ships and Vessels may have been put or may be put under His Majesty's Protection: And whereas the said Ships and Vessels, not being taken and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty,

cannot, by the Laws now in force, he registered as Prize Ships, and be entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of such Ships: And whereas it is just and expedient that Ships or Vessels which shall have been or may be so put under His Majesty's Protection should be admitted in like Manner as Prize Ships to the

Privileges and Advantages of Britj/l Shins or Vessels, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all foreign Ships and Vessels which, in consequence of any such Capitulation, shall have been or may Foreign Ship* be so put under His Majesty's Protection at the Time of or in consequence of the Surrender of any foreign put under Hi* Colony or Settlement, or Part of any foreign Colony or Settlement, to His Majesty, shall and may be registered in like Manner as Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize may, by the Laws now in force, be registered, CapUuUhorT^ and shall by virtue thereof become entitled to the Privileges and Advantages of British Ships or Vessels, under may be regis-the Regulations and Restrictions herein after mentioned: Provided always, that no such Ship or Vessel shall be tered at Prixe so registered but upon producing a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Person who commanded in Sb, .P*.*"* chief by Sea or by Land at the Time when such foreign Colony or Settlement, or Part of foreign Colony or Settlement, was lurrendered to His Majesty; or in case of the Death or Departure of any such Officer British Vessels before such Certificate shall have been so given, then, upon a like Certificate, under the Hand and Sgal of under the the Person who shall oomraand in chief by Sea or by Land at such Colony or Settlement, or Part of such Regulations 45 Geo. III. 3 A Colony herein com.*.

j6a C32.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

iVhcie V cflVls put under His Majesty's Piote^ion in bemerary a* d Brrbice Ih'-il be rendered.

F, rm Oath 01 Orvner % for regifkring such Ship*.

i6 O. '

60.

Sach Vessels

Colony or Settlement, testifying that such Ship or Vessel was put under the Protection of His Majesty at the Time of or in consequence of inch Surrender; and upon Oath being made and subscribed before the Person or Persons authorized to make such Registry and grant such Certificate of Registry respectively, (which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer), by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, if such Ship or Vessel is owned by or belongs to One Person only, or in case there shall be Two joint Owners, then by both of such joint Owners, if both shall be resident within Twenty Miles of the Port or Place where such Register is required, or by One of such Owners if One or both of them shall be resident at a greater Distance from such Port or Place, or if the Number of such Owners or Proprietors shall exceed Two, then by the greater Part of the Number of such Owners or Proprietors if the greater Number of them shall be resident within Twenty Miles of such Port or Place as yforefai'd, not in any Case exceeding Three of such Owners or Proprietors, or by One of such Owners if all shall be resident at a greater Distance, declaring, in the Form and Manner*herein after directed, that such Ship or Vessel is wholly owned by natural-born British Subjects, or by Aliens that have been naturalized or made Denizens, or by Persons who have become British Subjects by virtue of some Capitulation or Conquest as aforesaid, and have taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to His Majesty, in consequence of such Capitulation or Conquest, or by any or either of the before-mentioned Descriptions of Persons and none other: Provided also, that such Registry shall not be made, nor Certificate of such Registry be granted, for any Ship or Vessel that has been or may be so put under His Majesty's Protection in the Settlements of Dcmcro.ry and Berbice on the Continent of South America, but in the Port of Scarborough in the island of Tobago; and that the said Port of Scarborough shall, for the Purpose of such Registry, be deemed and taken to be the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Oath before directed to be taken shall be in the Form and Manner following:

' r A.B. of (Place of Residence and Occupation) do make Oath, that the Ship or Vessel (Name) of 4 (Port or Place) whereof (Master's Name) is at present Master, being (Kind of Built, Burthen, et ceteraf.

as described in the Certificate of the surveying Officer) was (when and \vnerc built, or if Prize, Capture and Condemnation, or if put under His Majesty's Protection, when and where); and that I the said A. 2?. (and the other Owners Names and Occupations (if any) and where they respectively reside, videlicet, Town, Place, or Parish and County, or if Member of and resident in any Factory in foreign Parts, or in any foreign Town

or City, being an Agent for or Partner in any House of Trade, or Copartnership actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain, or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, foreign Town or City, and the Names of such

House or Copartnership) am (or are) foie Owner or Owners) of the said Vessel, and that no other

Pfcrfon or Persons whatever hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share, or Property therein or thereto; and that I the said A.B. (and the said other Owners if any) am (or are) truly and bona fde a Subject 74 (or Subjects) of Great Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not (nor have any of the other Owners, to

the best of my Knowledge and Belief) taken the Oath of Allegiance to any foreign State whatever (except under the Terms of some Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof) or that since my taking (or his or their taking) the Oath of Allegiance to (naming the foreign States respectively to which he or any of the said Owners shall have taken the fame) and prior to the passing of an Act in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, I have (or he or they hath or have) become a Subject or Subjects) of Great Britain, (either by His Majesty's Letters Patent as a Denizen or Denizens) or naturalized, by Act of Parliament, as the Case may be) (naming the Dates of the Letters of Denization or the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization respectively); or (as the Case may be) I have (or he or they hath or have) become a Denizen 4 (or Denizens or naturalized Subject or Subjects, as the Case may be) of Great Britain by His Majesty's Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament passed since the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six (naming the Times when such Letters of Denization have been granted respectively, or the Year or Years in which such Act or Acts of Naturalization have passed respectively); or that I A.B. 4 and the other Owners, if any, having become British Subject or Subjects by virtue of a Capitulation or

Conquest (describing the Particulars thereof as to Place, State, and Parties) have (or he or they hath or

have) taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to His Majesty the King of Great Britain (describing the Times when, the Place where, and before whom tafcen) in consequence of such Capitulation, and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share or Part or Ir.terest in the said Ship or Vessel.*

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Ship or Vessel being registered and having

and

respectively and none other, a§ may be imported and exported by any Ship or Vessel taken and condemned as lawful Prize; such Importations and Exportations to be made in like Manner, and under and subject to the like Duties, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as if the same were made by any Ship or Vessel taken and condemned as lawful Prize: Provided always, that such Ships and Vessels so put under His Majesty's Protection shall not be allowed to import or export any Goods whatsoever to or from any Port in Europe not in the Possession of His Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of Hib Privy Council, at any Time, on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Port of Great Britain, upon An Tv^u'i G°r»^PP^at*on to hirti made, and upon Consideration of such Circumstances as shall satisfy His Majesty of the Britain to b«* LxP€(hency thereof, to authorize any such Ship or Vessel (without Payment of any Duty whatever for the regifteftd Dyty kid Ship or Vessel, or the Sails and other neceflhry Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof) to be registered, tut, and tp have a Certificate thereof, as in the Case of a Prize Ship, in any Port in the Kingdom of Great Britain,

and

ftr or from any Pori in Eunipe, not in PoflVffjjn of His NJ a jesty.

BU Majesty may authorize such

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 32, 33. 363

End such Ship or Vessel so registered shall in such Case be entitled to all the Privileges and Advantages which belong by Law to Ships taken and condemned as lawful Prize.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, k is enacted, that no Alien or Person not born within the Allegiance of our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successore, or naturalized or made a free Denizen, shall exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any Lands, islands. Plantations, or Territories, to His Majesty belonging, or in His Possession, or which might thereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Acts, Africa, or America, upon pain of the Forfeiture and Loss of all his Goods add Chattels, or which are in his Possession 5 be it enacted, That every Person, although an Alien born, and neither naturalized nor made a free Denizen, who shall reftde in any Island or Place which has surrendered, or which shall hereafter surrender to His Majesty, and be in His Majesty's Possession, and who shall have taken the Oath of Fidelity and Allegiance to His Majesty according to the Terms of the Capitulation under which such Kland or Place shall have surrendered, shall be, and shall, from the Time of such Surrender, be deemed to have been entitled to exercise the Trade or Occupation of a Merchant or Factor in any such Tfiand or Place, during so long Time as the same shall remain and be in the Possession or under the Protection of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 subject nevertheless to such Laws and Regulations as His Majesty's Subjects shall and may be liable to in the same I (lands or Places.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be conllrued to extend, to take away, abridge, vary, or alter, any of the Rights or Privileges belonging to and vested in the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, by any Charter, Act of Parliament, or otherwise whatsoever, respecting Persons resident in or carrying on, or being concerned in any Trade to, from, or in any Place or Places within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company; but all Pei ions ivl'ujent, and all Trade to he earned on within the said Limits under the Authority of the said Capitulations or of this Act, shall be subject unto all and every the Prohibitions, Restrictions, Regulations, Licences, Duties, and Conditions, in all Respects as the Residence and Trade of any British Subject is now liable to by Law, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things which any BrUish Subject, juid the Goods, Merchandize, and T/ade of any' British Subject, would be subject and liable to by Law for doing any Thing in Violation of the Right6 and Privileges of the said United Company; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the respective Governors or Lieutenant Governors or Officers commanding in chief of the Settlements of Demerary and Berbice on the Continent of South America, or of any other Settlement or Place which may surrender to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, to administer the Oaths, grant the Certificates, and do all and every other Matters and Things in and about the Registering of the said Ships, which, under the Authority of an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, may be done by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and principal Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories, in America, respecting the registering of Ships there 5 and the said Governors, or Lieutenant Governors, or Officers commanding in chief at such Places respectively, shall appoint such Officers under them as they shall think proper, for fun-eying the Ship3 to be registered, and for doing all other Things relating thereto, which, in and by the said Act is to be done by certain Officers of the Customs therein mentioned.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to make valid certain Licences granted by virtue of an Order in Council for allowing the

Importation and Expectation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain in Neutral

Vessels; and for indemnifying ail Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting

under such Licences.

[10th April 1805.]

WHEREAS, before the Commencement of the present Hostilities with his Catholic Majesty, it was <*V deemed expedient, by Order in Council, to recommend to His Majesty to grant Licences under His

' Sign Manual for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

from or to Ports and Places in France, Spain, and Holland) in Neutral Ships: which Order and Licences, so far as they related to permitting the Importation and Exportation of Goode, Wares, and Merchandize,

from or to Ports or Places in Spain, were not authorized by Law, but were necessary, under the Circumstances ? that then existed j' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Importation or Exportation of Goodu, Wares, or Merchandize, from or to any Ports or Places in Spain, made by virtue of a»y such Order in Council, or of any Licences granted in pursuance thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good in Law; aiul all Persone concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into Execution the fame, shall be, and are hereby indemnified accordingly j aay Thing in any Act now in force to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

12 Car. 2. c. iS.

4 2-

Aliens residing in any Place fin rendered to His Maiedv, may act as Merchants or Fadiurs, taking Inc Oath of Allegiance.

Act shall not abridge the Rights of the East Indi 1 Coinpinv.

Governors of any Settlement which may surrender during the War, may administer Oaths, grant Certificates, &c. agreeably to 26 G. 3. c. 60.

[Continuance of Act.]

3 A 2

Licences granted in pwrfutmcc of Order in Council allowing Importation and Enpot ration of Goods from or to Spain deflated valid.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Mis Majesty may grant Licence* Co Subjects to import Goods in neutral Ships from Countries 'in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State.

Sugar and Coffee shall be warehoused for Exportation. Licences shall be granted only to Persons exporting Goods. Proof shall lie cn Parry licensed.

Continuance of AvfL

3. c. 97. executing the aty with lerica, con-ied till e !| iSoh.

Importation from America of Articles enumerated in Table B. of 43 G. 3. c. 68. they shall be liable to Duty under that or any subsequent Act, except Com, the Duties 00 which dull be regulated under 44 G. 3. c. 109. Table B. Ac.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State in Neutral Ships, during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaiy of Peace.

[10th April 1805.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in Force no Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Growth,

Production, or Manufacture of America, can (except in certain Cases) be imported into this Kingdom but in British AzwXx. Ships, owned and navigated according to Law: And whereas it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, to permit certain Goods and Commodities to be imported under certain

Restrictions in Foreign Ships belonging to Subjects of States in Amity wu'th His Majesty; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His' Privy Council, to grant Licence to any British Subject or Subjects to import into this Kingdom for his or their own .Account, or for Account of a Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with His Majesty, from any Country in America belonging to any foreign European Sovereign or State, any Goods or Commodities of the Growth or Produce, whether manufactured or otherwise, of any such Country, not prohibited to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any State in Amity with His Majesty, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities, as His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, shall approve, and subject to the same Duties as such Goods and Commodities would be subject to if imported in any 2?r////&-built Ship or Vessel, and to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, respecting the Payment of the fame; any I>aw, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided alw»ays, that all Sugar and Coffee, imported in pursuance of this AftT maH be warehoused immediately on Importation, and shall not be taken out of Warehouse to be used or consumed in this Kingdom, but only for Exportation to Foreign Parts: Provided always, that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons who shall not have exported or given such Security as shall be required for exporting from this Kingdom according to Law, to the Possessions in America belonging to the same European Sovereign or State, any Goods or Commodities bearing such Proportion in Value to the Goods so to be imported as His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid, shall think reasonable and shall direct: Provided always, that if any Question shall arise in any Case whether any Thing which shall be done was authorized to be done by virtue of any such Licence, the Proof that such Thing was done under the Circumstances and according to the Terms and Conditions in such Licence to be expressea, shall lie on the Person or Persons respectively claiming the Benefit of such Licence.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in Force during the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America. [loth April 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

jfff for carry ing into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, was to continue in force so Jong as the said Treaty should

continue in force, and no longer 5 w'hich Treaty, or so much of it as relates to the Matters contained in the said Act, has now ceased and determined: And whereas it is expedient that the Liberty of Navigation and Commerce between the People of this Kingdom and the People of the United States of Americas should continue for a limited Time, in the same Manner and under the same Limitations and Conditions as are specified in the said Act ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Thing therein contained, shall, notwithstanding the said Treaty has ceased and determined, be deemed and taken to be and to have been in full Force and Effect, and shall so continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into Great Britain from the said United States of America of any Articles enumerated in Table B. of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, every such Article shall be liable to the respective Duties imposed by the said Act, or by any Act or Acts passed subsequent thereto, except Wheat, Wneat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn, and Maize, the Duties to be paid upon which respectively mail be ascertained and regulated according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, in the Manner set forth and specified in the Table marked B. in an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 36 — 38. 365

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to enable the tin ft India Company to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal Establishment to be a Member of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the Office o* Governor General of Fort William, and the Otfke of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, being vested in the same Person.

[10th April 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants .of

England trading to the East Indies should be authorized and empowered, if they shall think fit, to appoint the Commander of the Military Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment

to be a Member of the Supreme Council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the Office of Governor, General of Fort William aforesaid, and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, shall be vested in the same Person; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ;and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company specially to authorize and appoint the Commander of the Military Forces of tlje said United Company on the Bengal Establishment to be a Member of the said Supreme Council of Fort William aforesaid, notwithstanding the Office of Governor General of Fort William aforesaid, and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India, shall be vested in the same Person.

II. And be it enacted, That when any such Commander of the Military' Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment shall be appointed a Member of the said Supreme Council, such Commander shall have Rank and Precedence at the Council Board next to the Governor General, but he shall not succeed to the Government of such Presidency on the happening of a Vacancy in the Office of Governor General, unless such Commander of the Military Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment shall have been provisionally applied to supply the fame; but such Vacancy shall be supplied by the Counsellor next in Rank at the Council Board to such Commander of the Military Forces of the said United Company on the Bengal Establishment 5 any Thing contained in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their excltijive Trade, under certain Limitations; for eflabfshing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; or any other Law, Usage, or Cuilom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Commander so to be appointed a Member of the said Supreme Council as herein-before is mentioned, shall be subject to Recall by the same Persons and in the same Manner, and shall have the same Powers, Franchises, and Authorities, in all respects as a Member of Council, as if he had been appointed thereto as Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act: for increasrng the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering

Soldiers. [ 1 oth April 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny Aft aiMl for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, certain Rates are established in that Part 45 G. 3 c*l6of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, the Dominion of Wales, and the Town rcc, led*

4 of Berwick-upon-1 'weed, for the payment of Innholders and others on whom Non-commissioned Officers and private Soldiers are quartered and billetted, who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer at their Quarters;

and an option is given to such Innholders and others, to fumi(h certain Articles gratis, in lieu of Diet and Small Beer, at the Rates prescribed: And whereas the Rules prescribed for furnishing Soldiers with Necessaries are, in many Instances, become, from the high Price of Provisions, inadequate, and are productive of Distress to such Innholders and others: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' &c.

[Nearly as 4.1 Geo. 3. (U.K.). c. 35. J

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily so enlist in*o His [Ste os to* Majesty's Forces and Royal Marines. [11th April 1805.] Great

WHEREAS it is highly important that the most effectual Measures should be taken for augmenting His sjfo*.

Majesty's Regular"Forces and Royal Marines, for the vigorous Prosecution of the present War; and it is therefore expedient to allow such Proportion of the Militia, now serving in Inland as herein after mentioned, to enliil into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines; and to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of such of them as may so voluntarily enlist, under certain Provisions and Restrictions; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by-the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Court of Directors may appoint the Commander of the Forces of the Company on the Bengal Establishment to be a Mcmbcf of the Council of Fort William,

&c.

Such Commander shall have Rank at the Board next to the Governor General, but shall not succeed to the Government in oafe of Vacancy, unless provision-aily appointed to supply the fame; notwithstanding 33G. 3. c. S»*

such Commander so appointed shall he subject to Recall, &c.

r66

Ills M sjrlt y (i.y t! c Lo ci), ic*nlen: »n*) ,

nnv apj.outr Regments of rhr Uvular r*»rccf., and Pivifiuns of the Marines, m wi»ici> Militia Men may enlist,

Numl>eralIowed to enlist.

Where more rhan One Battalion, the Chief Secretary (bull ascertain the Number to be enlisted out of each.

If*the Number who shall enlist shall not be the due Proportion, Men may within jo Days enlist, whose Names shall be traof-mitted to the X.ord Lieutenant, he. and if ^he full Number shall not then be cnlilUd, (he Proceedings for enlisting them shall be had within the next Ten Days; and .if then not c»-lifted, ?ny Men who have been enrolled after March i, 1805, may enlist.

As soon as the Number to b« enlisted from any Regiment is ascertained, they shall be di (charged, and shall, if approved be attested for General Service in the Regiment they have declared their Intention to enlist, and shall be entitled to the Bounty of TenGuincaij&c.

C. 38. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders lignitied by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, to name and appoint such and so many Regiments of His Majesty's Regular Forces and Divisions of Royal' Marines, as His Majesty shall think fit, to receive Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland under this Act, out of any' Regiment of Militia named in any such Order; and it shall be lawful for any Number of the private Men of any such Regiment of Militia, not exceeding the Proportion herein after mentioned, to enlist in the Manner and under the Regulations herein mentionco, into any Regiment or Division as aforesaid, which in any such Order of His Majesty shall be named to receive Volunteers from such Regiment of Militia.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Number of private Men to be enlisted out of the Militia of any County of a Town or City in Ireland, shall not in any Case exceed Twxj Fifths of the Number of Men then actually serving in the Militia for such County; and in enfe the Militia of ary County shall consist of more than One Battalion, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall ascertain the Number of private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of each of such Battalions, by the Proportions which the Number of private Men serving in each Battalion bears to the whole Number of private Men actually serving in the Militia of such County; and shall signify to the Commanding Officers of each of such Battalions the Number of private Men that may be allowed to enlist out of their respective Battalions.

At Commanding Officers shall ascertain the Number willing to enlist, and if it be Four Fifths of the Numbt*1* " allowed, no more shall be enlisted. [&v §3* of1 £ G, 3. c. 31.] Commanding Officer may' felecf not exceed* " ing Half of the Number of Privates serving in the Regiment of Militia, and the Men to be enlisted under " this Act shall be from the Remainder. §4. §4. of^G. 3. c. 31.3 His Majesty may appoint Officers

l to approve or reje6f the Men, but none shall be rejected who are 5 Feet Inches, and under 35 Years of " Age, and not disabled. §5. [\SVr §5. of 45 G. 3. c. 31.] Commanding Officer of every Regiment out of u which the Proportion of Four Fifths shall not enlist, shall read His Majesty's Orders, and explain to the 4i Men the Terras of Enlistment, and cause the Names of the Volunteers to be written down, and if they ex-u coed the allowed Proportion, the Excess shall be reduced by Ballot. §6. [Ser §6. of 4.5 G. 3. e, 31.]"

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Number of private Men in any Regiment, or such Part thereof as shall not have been (elected as aforesaid, who shall (when so drawn out as aforesaid), voluntarily declare their Intention to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Marines, shall not amount to the Proportion authorized to enlist, then and in such Case, a Book shall be opened by the Commanding Officer, and it shall be lawful for any other of such Men, within Ten Days after such Regiment, or Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be drawn out, to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Marines; and the Name of every such Man shall be entered in the said Book, and be transniitted by such Commanding Officer to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary; and in case the full Number of Men fhalFhot be enlisted within such Period of Ten Dayp as aforesaid, the Regiment, or such Part thereof as shall not have been fele6ted as aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of such Period be again drawn out, and such Orders, and the Terms of enlisting as aforesaid be again read and explained, and such Proceedings be had for enlisting of Men into his Majesty's said Forces as herein-hcfore -directed; and if the Number of Men who shall then have enlisted under this Act, shall not in the Whole amount unto the«Proportion authorized to enlist out of such Regiment, then it shall be lawrful for any Men w ho may at any Time after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, have been enlisted or enrolled in such Regiment, for the further Period of One Calendar Month, to enlist under this Act; and the Names of all the Men so enlisted shall be entered in such Book, and transmitted by the Commanding Officer as before directed; and all such Men so enlisted shall, if approved, be entitled to such and the like Bounty as if they had declared their Intention to enlist wdien the Regiment, or any Part thereof, was first drawn out as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the Number of private Men to be enlisted from any Regiment shall have been ascertained in Manner by this Act directed, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment is hereby required to discharge all such private Men so to be enlisted from the Militia; and every such private Man so to be discharged as aforesaid, shall, if approved by the Officer to be appointed for the Purpose, immediately thereupon belong to the Regiment or Division as aforesaid, into wrhich he shall declare his Intention to enlist, and may and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for General Service for such Regiment or Division, and shall (as soon as conveniently may be) be transferred to feme Officer of such Regiment or Division, or such Officer as His Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act, and shall have and be entitled to the Allowance of the Bounty of Ten .Guineas, of whi h Three Guineas shall be paid to such Man upon his Approval by such Officer, and the Remainder as soon as he shall arrive at the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Division into which he shall have enlisted, together with Subsistence, Pay, and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under the like Laws, Rules, and Regulations, as are provided and used for that Description of His Majesty's said Forces into which he shall have enlisted.

No Person in Confinement shall be entitled to enlist until he shall have suffered the Sentence of a Court

Martial; nor any who have been in Confinement, or sentenced to Punishment, after 21st March 1805,* without Consent of the Commanding Officer, f 9. $ 12 of 45 G. 3. c. 31.] Clerks, Drummers,

4i Muiicians,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 38 — 40. 367

Musicians, and Armourers (haB not enlist without Consent of the Commanding Officer. §10. [See §14.

of 45 G. 3. c. 3 .] Commanding Officers may refofe to discharge Men, upon aligning sufficient Cause to the General commanding* the.District, or to the Adjutant General, f 11. If any Penon discharged shall H refuse to enlist, or shall not be approved, he (half belong to the Regiment from which discharged. ( 12.

Act shall not authorize the enlisting or persuading to enlist, any Man not duly discharged. §13. [See \ if,

M 16, 17 of 49 G. 3. c. 31.J No rtrfon shall be drafted from the Regiment in which he enlists, unless first discharged therefrom. $ 14. [&r $ 20. of 4$ G. 3. c. 31.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order to be signified at His Majesty any Time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or mayiv« Ordetr his or their Chief Secretary, from Time to Time, during the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, to

give such Orders and Directions to the Governors or Deputy Governors of Counties, or to the respective Governors and Colonels or Commanding Officers of any Regiments of Militia, as His Majesty shall, from Time to Time, commanding think expedient and necessary for the Execution of this Act; and the several Governors and Deputy Officers. Governors, and Colonels and Commanding Officers aforesaid, shall proceed forthwith, in pursuance of His Majesty's Orders, to do all such Acts as shall be necessary for the Purpose of carrying such Order into Execution, and for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Colonels' or Commanding Officers of the several Commanding

Regiments of Militia, shall, within Ten Days after the receiving of any Order for that Purpose from His ^, 0^ to Lord' Majesty, signified as herein-before is mentioned, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Lieutenant, &c. Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, an accurate Account, ia Writing, an Account of of the Number of Persons that shall have been discharged from the Militia. Men discharged

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Provisions Ad contained, relating to Counties and to Regiments respectively, shall extend to all Divisions, Cities, and £, nnnS io Places in Ireland, and to all Battalions, Corps, and Companies, as fully and amply as if they were severally ^°tended\*C* and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause, relating to any such Matter or Thing. Divisions,

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §18."

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act ro continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an Act, ma ?e in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance ami Pratedion of certain exciseable Goods therein mentioned; and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods; so far as the same respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors.

[1 Ith April 1805.]

4 TT OR the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and

4 JP Protection of Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers thereof; 9

fee it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, any Quantity of Spirits or Spi 'm exeecdftr* '

Spirituous Liquors, whether foreign or made in Ireland\ exceeding One Gallon, that mall be carrying or 5*a, on £ar-

conveying, or carried or conveyed, from any Part or Place fn Ireland to any other Part thereof, Whether from aCF"

any Part of any City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Perm it in Ireland

Place, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue, and shall be forfeited^ unless the nuy be feixed

Carrier or Person conveying the fame, or the Person in whole Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand W any Revenue-

made by any Officer of Excise, produce a Permit or Let-pass under the Hand of a proper Officer of the °^ccr*

Revenue, authorizing the Removal of such Goods; any Thing contained in an Act made in the Parliament I'ilh Art

of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better regulating the iJTuing

and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, or in any other Act or Acts in force

in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provisions of recited Act or of any Acts relating to Permits extended to this Act. §2. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §3*. Continuance of Act 29 Sept. 1805." 45 Geo. 3. c. 108. $ i<]

CAP. XL.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities for the [Ste also 45G.V Service of Ireland. [lyih May 1805.] c n° J

Contributor for every 100/ shall be entitled to an Annuity of Five Pounds, to continue for a certain Term 4< of Fifty four Years and Nine Months, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five,

and shall also be entitled to the principal Sum of Twenty-four Pounds in Annuities alter the Rate of Five 4t Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five" §1. Contributors (Kail pay in their Subscriptions ftj the Proportions, and within certain Periods mentioned. §'2. Guardians, &c. may subscribe for Infants. 0 Allowance of per Cent, shall be made to Contributors paying Morury in advance. 4. Annuities shall be paid Half yearly. y 5. As soon as Subscriptions are completed. Annuities may be transferred.^6. Contributors paying the Whole of their 4' Subscriptions by the Times herein specified, (half be entitled to Annuities at certain Periods. $ 7."

6f VIII. And:

368 C. 40, 41.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18805.

mmuivKTB man V'lII. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and payable anil transferrable, at the Bank of England; and shall be subject to such Redemption as is herein after traiufcrraM: at mentioned, the Bunk, ot England.

Money Dull be

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much Money shall, from Time to Time, be set apart and issued

issued out of the at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to the said Fuodof1 Great Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of t^e Bank of England, as shall be Sufficient to Satisfy Britain fur Pav-n<^ PaY Ihercspective Annuities to be created in respect of the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand rorntof Annui- Pounds, together with the Charges attending the same.

tieiandCfearjcj; X. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities, Interests, and Dividends, which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable o't of the Consolidated. Fund of Great Britain.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time* without any further Warrant to be _ sued for, had, or obtained in this Behalf, cause to be iiFued at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out

FunTthercV'and ^lc Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and paid int the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, so

Annuities shall and shall be charged upon the said Fund.

The Treasury in Ireland shall issue out e*f the Consolidated

r into the

pay Exchequer in England, half, yearly, Money to answer Annuities, £cc.

Treasury may

much Monies as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer to the said Exchequer in England, the several and respective Annuities and other Payments hereby directed to be paid thereout; and that such .Payments shall be made into the said Exchequer in England Half-yearly, by even and equal Portions, (that is to say), such of the said Sums as shall be paid for the said Annuities of Five Pounds for Fifty-four Years and Nine Months* on or before the First Day of April and the Fifth Day of 03ober in'every Year 5 and such of the said Sums as shall be paid for the said Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, on or before the First Day at July and the First Day of January in every Year; the First Payment upon the said Annuities of Five Pounds for Fifty-four Years and Nine Months to be made on or before the Fifth Day of Ofiolcr Oae thousand eight hundred and five, and on the said Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, on or before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

" The Bank shall appoint a Cashier and Accountant General, and the Treasury of Great Britain shall order M Money to be issued to the Cashier for Payment of Annuities. §12. Cashier shall give Receipts for Sub-lt feriptions, and Security for paying the Money into the Exchequer. $ 13. A Book shall be kept in the " Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors Names, &c. $ 14. Contributors duly paying their u Subscriptions entitled to Annuities Tax free. §15. Subscriptions paid in Part, and not completed, for-'"feited. $ 16. Annuities deemed Personal Estate. §17."

vemiM'o o<H

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall and may* and they are hereby authorized, to remit to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from Time to Time, ar.y Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be applied to such Services for Ireland, as shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament.

u Accountant General shall keep Books for entering Transfers. Stock may be devised. Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties. §19. — Treasury may defray incidental Expences, &c. f 20. — The Annuities of* 5 f*r Cent, for 54 Years, &c. shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities granted by 1 G. 3. c. 7 §13. u 2 G. 3. c. 10. $ 3. &c. f 21. — Money on which the 5 per Cent. shall be attending shall be added to the 5 per " Cent. Annuities already established. §22. — Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, dec guilty of M Felony, without Clergy, §23. — Bank of England shall continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease. §24. — No Fee for receiving Contributions, &c. $ 25. — General Issue. — Treble Costs §2$. — H Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §27."

CAP. XLI.

An Act for restraining the Negotiation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland. [ r7th May 1805.]

WHEREAS the Regulations at present in force respecting the Issue and Negotiation of Promissory

IV Notes for small Sums, in Ireland, hare not proved effectual be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to refrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited turn; and also two Acts, the one made in the Parliament of It eland in the Fortieth Year, and the other in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the said first recited Act; and also an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for suspending the Operation of the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year, and for continuing and amending all the recited Acts; and also another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to permit the Issue and Negotiation of certain Promissory Notes9under a limited Sum9 by registered Bankers in Ireland, and to restrain the Issue and Negotiation of certain other Notes, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except so far as relates to the recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under the said recited Acts* or any of them* at any Time on or before the passing of this Act.

H. Provided

lri(h A&t

39 C. 3- c. 4*-

40 G. 3. c. 64. and also

43 0.3. t.ir

44 G. 3. c. 6. and c. 91. repealed.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 41, 42. 369

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed ta extend to render valid any Promissory or other Note or Undertaking in Writing, which may have been issued before the passing of this Act, and which, under the Provisions and Directions of the several Acts hereinbefore recited and repealed, or any of them, were or would have been null and void in case the said Acts had not been hereby repealed; any thingin this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Promissory Notes or Undertakings in Writing, being negotiable or transferable for any Sum or Sums of Money less than Twenty Shillings Irish Currency, or on which any Sum less than Twenty Shillings Irish Currency shall remain undischarged, whi; h shall bear Date, or shall have been or shall be issued in Ireland at any Time after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be absolutely null and void, and not to be negotiable or transferrable, any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the pacing of this Act, or any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Person or Persons who shall have issued, or shall issue the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds Irish Currency for every such Note or Undertaking so issued; and the Person or Persons who shall have given or taken, or shall give or take the same in Payment after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, shall forfeit Double the Amount of each such hjote or Undertaking to any Person who shall sue for the fame, and such Penalties shall be recovered before any One Justice of the Peace in Ireland\ upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of fuel) Offender; and in case the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid and faisfied upon such Conviction being made, it shall be lawful for such Justice oPthe Peace, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction and Sale, returning the Overplus (ifany) to the Owner; and if such Offender mall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels to satisfy fifeh Penalties, every such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, by Warrant of such Justice, for any Time not less than One Month, nor more than Three Months, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Memorandum, Ticket, Token, Draft, Certificate, or Engagement, written, printed, or engraved on Paper, Card, Vellum, or Parchment, being negotiable or transferrable, or which shall have been or shaft be given, negotiated, or transferred, with Intent to imply or to make a Promise or Engagement to pay Money or Value of any Kind, in Goods or otherwise, under the Sum of Twenty Shillings Irish Currency, or on which a less Sum than Twenty Shillings Irish Currency shall remain undischarged, shall be deemed an Undertaking in Writing to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Act may be altered this Session. §5.

This A A shall not make valid any Notes which would have been \oid by AAs repealed* Promissory Notes fof less thin 20s. (I.C.) declared void.

Penalty for issuing'heir. ml., for negotiating them double Value.

All Memorandums, Tickets, See negotiated for Money or V.ilue under 10*. shall be deemed Undertakings in Wtiling.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for preventing the t44^3* 7XJ Counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respective.'y, to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to promote the Circulation of the said Tokens. Ql 71b May 1805 ]

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are preparing and intend to issue, for the Convenience of the Publick, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, a Quantity of

Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, of the Common Standard of Spanish Pillar Dollars, containing on the ' Obverse Side thereof an Impression of His Majesty's Head, and the following Words and Letters, vidcltcet,

4 44 Georgius III. Dei Gratia, " and on the Reverie side thereof the following Words and Figures, " Bank

Token Five-pence Irish 1805, " or Bank Token Ten-pence Irish 1805, " each such Token for Five-pence containing in Weight One Thirteenth Part of the common Weight of a Spanish Pillar Dollar, and each such Token for Ten-pence containing Two such Thirteenth Parts: And whereas for the Security of the Publick

4 it is expedient to prevent the counterfeiting of the said respective Tokens; 9 be it therefore enacted by the Persons coun* King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, teifeiung Silver and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make, coin, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be J^r 0

made, coined, or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the making, coining, or counterfeiting, any Piece bunging into of Metal, resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said Tokens or either of them respectively, IrcUnd with an so as aforesaid intended to be coined or damped and issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank, 10 u, fef or to pass as such, or if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, bring into Ireland, or into any Part* of the said United Kingdom, any such false or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, ij gu, jty*of resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said Tokens or either of them, or to pass as such FAouy and m y Tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or counterfeited, to the Intent to utter the same within the be rr; msported said United Kingdom, or within any Dominions of the fame, every Person so offending, ^nd being thereof for SevCncar* convicted by due Course of Law, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding Seven Years.

#11. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, p^rfuns rendrr-utter or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pay or put off to any Person or Persons any such false«, f in Payment or counterfeit Token or Tokens as aforesaid, resembling or made with Intent to resemble or look like the said Counterfeit Tokens or either of them, so as aforesaid intended to be coined or stamped and issued by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to pass as such Tokens respectively, knowing the same to be false or pofliflian more counterfeited, or if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her, or their Custody without lawful Excuse (the than F.ve Proof whereof shall lie upon the Party accused) any greater Number than Five of such false or counterfeit lawful

45 Geo. III.'j B Tokens E*curc) maU

37°

hj ta

the Penalsic* inflicted by 4+G.j. c. 71

P*»wen of

recited Act 44G. c. yr.

extended to this A£*.

5urh Tokens iflurd clur-ng Kollii/tion on the Bank of Ireland, D)all be receivtd in Pjvh rut ot f<e R.vCiatr.

Postmasters General shall cause Surveys and Maps to be made of the Poll JRoadsinlrcland.

Where Road if inconvenient Surveyor shall mark out a new one according to the Level herein specifkd.

Surveyor empowered to enter Lands and make Surveys, &c.

Houses and.Inclosures in Line of Road shall be distinguiQied in the Map,

I

C. 42, 43. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Tokens as aforesaid, then and in either of th.? said Cases respectively, every such Person shall be subject and liable to such and the like Pains and Punishments, and to such and the lik§ Penalties and Forfeitures, and shall be proceeded against in all Refprdls in such and the like Manner as is mentioned and directed in and by an Act*iade in the bit Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin j/fitrd fy the Governor and Company of the Brnh of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin, which may he issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the Untied Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, with respect to Person3 littering or tendering in Payment, or giving ' in Exchange, or paying, or putting off, or having in his, her, or their Custody, without lawful Excuse, the counterfeit Dollars and Tokens inr the said recited Act mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulators, and Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, whatsoever in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament mentioned and contained, shall and may be applied in the apprehending, securing, proceeding against, and punishing of Offenders, under this Act, and in the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, and in the carrying of this Act into Execution in all Respects whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Clause3, Matters, and Things, were repented and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which now are or shall become payable in Ireland

for ary Part of the Publick Revenue, shall be accepted by the Collectors, Receivers, and other Officers of the Revenue in Ireland, authorized to receive the same, in the said Silver Bank Tokens for Ten-pence or

Five-pence respectively, which shall be issued during the Continuance of the Reltridlion on Payments in Cadi

by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if offered to be so paid; and that the said Governor

and Company may, whenever the said Restriction shall be removed, charge to the Account of the Teller of the Exchequer all such of the said Tokens of Ten-pence and Five-pence each, issued during the Continuance of the said kcltriction, as may be received by the said Governor and Company in Patinent or otlunvife before or

after such Removal.

CAP. XLrtl.

An Act to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Repair the Post: Roads in Ireland\ and for rendering the Conveyance of Letters by His Majesty's Poll Office more fccuic and expedirious.

# [17th May 1 805 ]

WHEREAS many Parts of the Road9 in.Ireland are too narrow, hilly, or otherwise inconvenient for the 4 \ speedy Conveyance of His Majesty's Mails in Coaches or other Carriages: And whereas the Laws at present in force are inefficient for the effectually improving and amending the same : ' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Luids Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Majesty's Postmasters General for Ireland shall and they are hereby required to procure and employ, as soon as they conveniently can after the passing of this Act, proper and sufficient Ferfor.s to survey and make Maps of the several Lines of Road from Dublin to the extreme Poll Towns in Ireland, in such Directions, and through such Post Towns as His Majesty's Mails now travel to and from Dublin, or as the said Poss matters General shall deem moll expedient that the said Mails should travel through; and <also to survey and make Maps of the several other Roads in Ireland on which His Majesty's Mails are now carried, or on which the said Postmasters Q encral shall deem it expedient that the said Mails should be carried from Pott Town to Post Town; and also to survey and make Maps of all such Alterations in any fuvh Roads, by cutting off Angles, or forming new Lines in lieu of the Whole or any Part or Parts of such Roads, as each such Surveyor so employed shad judge desirable for the Purpose of rendering the Way more level, or where it is sufficiently level, for the Purpose of shortening the Distance.

II. Artid be it further enacted, That every Surveyor so to be employed, in all Cafe9 where the present Road or any Part thereof is not made in the moil level or most convenient Direction, shall survey and malte Maps of a n*w Line or Lines for a Road in lieu thereof; and that in no Part of any such new Line shall the Ascent or Descent of the Road when finished exceed the Rate or Proportion of One Foot in Height or Fall in each Thirty-five Feet of the Length thereof, if the same be practicable, without causing such a great Increase of Difiance as to delay considerably the Carriage of the Mails; and if the same be not practicable, then such Surveyor shall -find out and survey the most practicable Line which shall be nearest in its Ascent or E>efcent to such Proportion of Height or Fall.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Surveyor so to be appointed by the Postmasters General of Ireland, for the Purposes of this Act, and for any other Person or Persons employed for that Purpose, to survey and measure any Line intended for a new Road, or for the Alteration of any existing Road under this Act, and to ent^r on any Lands or Grounds, and to do all other Matters and Things necessary in the Execution of their Duty and Employment under this Act, without being deeihed a Trespasser or Trespasser, and ^without being liable to any Obstrndlion whatever; provided such Person or Persons shall have a Certificate in Writing, under the Hands of the said Pofhnafters General, or under the Hands of any Twq Justices of the Peace within the District, that such Surveyor or other Person or Persons is or are employed for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Part of any such new Line shall be proposed in any such Survey to be made through any House or Building, or Part of a Hotise or Building, or through any Garden or Orchard made and planted before the passing of this Act, or through any Plantation indoled

and

45° Georgii irr.

C. 43.

37

and growing at the Time of the passing of this Act, every Surveyor shall in his Map of any such Survey mark the lame distinctly, and also mark the moll convenient and level Line which he can find for avoiding such House, Garden, Orchard, or Plantation 5 and in all Cases where the making a new Piece of Road in the Line which he shall think moll eligible for the Carriage of the Mails, shall appear to him materially to prejudice any. Inclosed Demesne or Lawn planted at the Time of the passing of this Act, or to bring the Road inconveniently near to the Dwelling or Manlion House in any such Demesne or Lawn, every such Surveyor shall, in his Map of any such Survey, mark also the most convenient and level Line which he can find for the Purpose of avoiding such Prejudice or Inconvenience.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor shall be sworn before he begins his Survey, to make the fume without Fear, Favour, or Partiality, to the bed of his Opinion and Judgement, according to tlu* true Intent of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Maps or Surveys so. to be made of the present Roads, and of the proposed Alterations tlier in, firull be laid down on the lame Scale; and that for each Barony or Half Barony in the Li 11c'of any such Road, there shall be made separate and didinft Maps of such Parts of the said Roads as shall go through or be proposed to go through any such Barony or Half Barony respectively, on a Scale sufficiently large to give the moll minute Information; and that where in any Map or Sirrvev it shall be proposed, that any Ascent in any Part of the present existing Road, exceeding the Proportion of One Foot in Height or Fall to Thirty-five Feet in Length, Humid be reduced, a Section thereol and of the proposed Keduftiou in Height, if any such he recommended, shall be included in or annexed to such Map or Survey, Rating the Rate of Height or Fall to which the proposed Reduction will bring the Ascent on such Portion of the Road; and that wherever any Part of the existing Road which such Surveyor shall propose to retain is not of the Width of Forty-two Feet in the Clear between the Ditches, Drains, or Fences, on each side thereof, the said Surveyor shall particularly specify the stune in his Map or Survey, and mark the general Breadth thereof, and on which Side it can be widened most conveniently.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor shall annex to each Map or Survey an Estimate of the whole Expence of making, forming, and gravelling such Road through each Barony or Half Barony, and of making Fences to the said Road where a new Line of Road shall be proposed, and of widening to any Breadth not less than Forty-two Feet nor more than Fifty Feet, such Parts of any Road as may require widening, which such Surveyor shall propose to retain, and of effectually repairing all inch Parts of the existing Road as are to be retained, and of making Footpaths to the new Line, as well as to the Parts of the Road which are to be retained; and of reducing all such Ascents in any Road, as such Surveyor shall propose to reduce therein; and of building or repairing all such Bridges, Gullet Arches, or Pipes, and all such Walls necessary to support the Road, or to protest Passengers, as such Surveyor shall deem requisite to be built or repaired.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be annexed to every such Estimate, an Affidavit of the Surveyor, or of Two credible and experienced Persons, that the Sum contained in the Estimate is a reasonable Charge, and is the least for which the Work can be effectually and substantial executed to the best. of his or their Judgment; and that every such Surveyor shall also annex to his Map 01* Survey, an Affidavit sworn by him, that any Alterations in the existing Road recommended by such Surveyor in such Map or Survey have been proposed by him as the moll advisable in his Judgment, agreeably to the Intent of this Act, between the Points therein Rated; due regard being had to the moil level and practicable Line, witlwjut occasioning such an increase jgf Distance as might be productive of Delay to the Carriage of the Mails.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveys, Maps, and Estimates of the Roads, or such Parts thereof as come within the Provisions of this Act, from Dublin direct to the extreme Pod Towns, and from WaltrJrjrd to Cork and Limerick, and from Donaghadec to LofuLndeny, shall be iinished and completed in preference to the Surveys, Maps, and Estimates of any other Roads; and that whenever the Survey, Mapsr and Estimates of any Road shall be finished, the Postmasters General fntdl cause Notice thereof to be polled upon the Door of the County Court House of each and every County, County of a Town or City, Barony or Half Barony, through any Part of which any new Line of Road shall be proposed in such Surveys or Maps to he carried, specifying the Town Lands, and the Number of Perches therein, through each of which such Road is proposed to be earned, Twenty-one Days at the least previous to the Commission Day of the next ensuing Assizes to be held in such County of a Town or City, or in the County wherein such Barony or Half Barony shall be situate, or if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, previous to the First Day of the next presenting Term; and the Map or Maps thereof, and of the whole of the Road, whether Old or New, through such County of a Town or City, Barony or Half Barony, together with the Estimates and Affidavits of the several Expences of repairing, widening, or mailing the fame, of making Fenees and Footpaths, reducing Hills, filling Hollows, building or repairing Bridges, Gullet Pipes, Arches, or WalL, shall at the same Time be deposited with the Treasurer of such County of a Town or City, or of the County in which such Baronies or Hall Baronies shall be situate, for the Iqfpeftion of all Persons whom it may concern, and shall be lodged and kept among the Records of such County, County of a Town or City respectively, and be laid before the Grand Jury thereof at such next ensuing Assizes or preferring Term.

X. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Surveyors who shall have been respectively.employed by the Postmasters General in making any Survey- under this Act, shall attend at such Assizes or presenting Term respectively, and shall be examined upon Oath before the Grand Jury thereat, as to such Matters or Opinions concerning any such Road respectively, or any proposed Alteration thereof, and concerning the several Estimates relating to the fame, as such Grand Jury shall think proper; and that uron fucri Examination such Grand Jury shall proceed to consider the Whole of such Surveys, Maps, and Estimates; and if they shall be of Opinion that the Road and the Alterations thereof, as pointed out and recommended in3 3 B 2 any

Surveyor shall be fvrorn to impartially.

Map of the Road and the Abcra*ion* proposed shall he on the same Sole, and separate Maps for each Barony, Act

Expence of making Road shall be annexed to the Map.

Affidavit! shall be annexed to the Estimate and Survey, of the Propriety thereof.

Survey* of Roads frcijn Dublin, &c. shall be fir It completed. Notice shall be polled on the Court Houses of Places through which Roads*shall p.»f<, specifying P.itricuku) before Maps and Estimates are laid befote the Grand Jury.

Survey^'* shall anc-mi A: fiz> and he 1 laminoi by Grand Julies.

Grand Ju«. irs ot» approving Plana shall present toe Road accordingly*

Expence shall be r.«ncd on the County.

If Grand Jury du'appruve the promoted Plan of any Road, a new Survey shall be made before the neat Aflizei, at Which the Road may be prefeuted accordingly.

sixpence of forming Road shall be presented off the icvcral Baronin, or off rne County at large.

Expence of repairing Bridges, &c. off t c County only.

Presentmenta shall be made, ice. as under eaifting Laws. Where the Sum pies.-nted shall exceed 200l., it niay be advanced under Regulations »of I>i(h Ad 3j C. 3. c. 7.

If a general CKcrfecr of any Road through a Baiory is appointed by G«and Jury, the Affidavits for accounting may be marie by his Deputies, and cot firmed by him.

Grand Juries may apporion Sum* to be raised at different Affixes.

Grand Jury may

inerrafe the Proport ion of Suit's to be raise d.

Atl Sums shall be r; »ifed in Six

ytm.

C. 43. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

any such Survey, is in the moil convenient and practicable Direction between the Two Pod Towns therein mentioned, they shall present the same to be the Road between such Two Post Towns; and at the same Time they shall present all the new intended Part thereof, to be laid out and marked and levelled, and shall present all Sums of Money necessanr for laying out the fame, including the Expence of marking and levelling, to be raised off the County at large.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Grand Jury shall upon any such Examination as aforesaid, be of Opinion that the Road between any Two Post Towns can be carried in a more convenient Direction, equally or more level, and not exceeding in Length or Expence the Road pointed out in any such Survey, it shall and maybe lawful for such Grand Jury to (late such their Opinion in Writing, with any Reasonsor Observations which they may think proper to the Court, who shall cause the Clerk of the Crown to fend an attested Copy thereof to the Postmasters General 5 and the said Postmasters General shall thereupon forthwith cause such Road to be re-surveyed, and such attested Copy to be given to such Person as they shall employ to re-survey the same before the then next Affixes or presenting Term; and such new Survey, together with the Maps, Estimates, and Affidavits herein-before reauired, shall be laid before the Grand Jury at such next Affixes or presenting Term; and it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to present the Road in the Direction pointed out in either of the said Two Surveys, or partly as in the one, and partly as in the other of such Two Surveys, to be the Road between the Two Post Towns therein dated, as they shall judge bed; and at the same Time to present all such Parts thereof as they shall approve for a new Line or new Lines of Road to be laid out, marked, and levelled; and in like Manner to present the Money necessary for laying out the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury who shall present any such Road to be laid out pursuant either to the Survey or the Redurvey thereof, or partly to the one and partly to the other, to present, to be raised off each Barony or Half Barony through which such Road shall pass, or off the County at large, if it shall appear to them expedient, the Whole of the Sums necessary for laying out, forming, gravelling, and fencing every Part of any such new Line of Road, and making Footpaths, and for repairing, gravelling, widening, fencing, or turning the Backs of the existing Fences to the Road, or making Footpaths to any Part of such Old Road as shall be retained; and to present to be raised off the County at large, the Whole of the Sums necessary for building or repairing all Bridges, Arches, Pipes, G-ullets, and Walls as aforesaid, and for lowering any Hill, or filling any Hollow, or reducing any Ascent, or erecting Mile Polls or Mile Stones.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Presentments for raising Money for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be made upon like Affidavits, subject to like Regulations, and to like Mode of accounting for the Money raised thereby, as is or are now prescribed by Law, except so far as is otherwise herein directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Presentment by any Grand Jury under this Act, of any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of widening, altering, or repairing any Post Road, or of repairing or building Bridges, or building or repairing of Walls on any such Road, shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, it shall and may be lawful to present and allow the Whole or any Part of such Sum so presented, to be paid in Advance to the Overseers appointed to conduct such Work so presented, upon such Conditions and under such Regulations as are contained in an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for the Regulation of Presentments for the Purpose of levying Money to be expended in erefling Court Houses, Gaols, and other expensive Buildings; and that all Conditions, Orders, and Regulations, in the said recited Act contained, shall be extended and applied to all such Presentments as aforesaid, which shall exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Grand Jury shall appoint any One Person to be a general Overseer of the Whole of any Road or Work in or through any Barony or Half Barony, the Affidavits for accounting for the Expenditure of all Money relating to the fame, made by any Overseer or Overseers whom such general Overseer shall appoint to act under him, shall be receivable by the Grand Jury and the Court, and shall be of like Effect as if such Overseer or Overseers, so appointed by such general Overseer, had been appointed by the Grand Jury: Provided always, that the Affidavit of such general Overseer shall be annexed to the Affidavit of any Overseer or Overseers appointed by him, dating that he has examined the Account of such Overseer or Overseers, and the Works executed, and that the Work is effectually done, and that he verily believes the Money dated in such Account to have been fairly and honestly expended upon such Work.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Grand Jury shall think the Whole of any Sums necessaty to be raised for the Purpose aforesaid, too great to be raised at One Affixes or presenting Term, or that the Whole of any such Sums cannot be properly expended so as to be accounted for at the ensuing Assizes or presenting Term, it shall be lawful for any such Grand Jury, in the presenting of any such Sums, to set forth what Portion of the whole Sum to be raised on any Barony or Half Barony, or on the County, shall be respectively raised thereon in each Year, and at what Assizes or Term, until the Whole shall be raised and levied 5 and the Treasurer of the County shall from Time to Time, without further Authority or Presentment in that Behalf, insert in his Warrant at each Assizes or Term so directed, the Portion or Portions so set forth of the Sum so presented; and the same shall be raised and levied in like Manner, from Time to Time, and with like Remedy in case of Non-payment, as all other Money directed by such Warrant is by Law to be levied.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at each or any subsequent Assizes or presenting Term, to increase any such Portion to such Amount as they shall deem proper, and to order such increased Proportion to be raised on the County or Barony or Half Barony respectively: Provided also, that the entire Sum so presented for completing any such Road entirely through such County* Barony, or Half Barony, shall be directed to be raised in such Portions as shall cause the Whole of the same to be levied within Six tears at the most from the Time when such Survey or Re-survey, as the Case may be*

8* Audi

45° GEORGII III.

C-43- 373

shall have been laid before the Grand Jury: Provided aHo, that it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Till Roid* Assize or presenting Term from and after the Time that any such Survey or Re-survey, as the Case may be, compj<-tee}, shall be hid before the Grand Jury, to Fiat Preferments for raising any Money off any Barony or Half "SfcSISr wher* Barony, or off any County of a Town or City in which any such Post Road, or any Part thereof, shall be Road* exceeding situated, to be expended m making, repairing, or widening other Roads therein, to a greater Amount in those for Post the Whole than the Sum which shall be directed or presented originally, or in the Way of Increase thereof, to be rnifed at such Assizes or Term for such Post Road, until such Post Road therein shall be completely finished.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if more Money shall be expended in any One Year on any such Excess of an-Road, together with the Bridges, Pipes, Arches, Gullets, and Walls t hereof inclusive, and duly accounted

for, than the Treasurer shall have received from the Baronial or other Collectors, it shall be lawful for such Treasurer*'*Treasurer, and he is hereby required to pay from Time to Time to the Perfoq who shall have accounted for the dull be paid* Came, or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the full Sums allowed in such Account out of the Monies out of Money presented for the Purpose, so loon as he shall receive the same, without any other Order, Warrant, or Authority Prefenred' on that Behalf*

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any Ground, Owners of or of any House or Building into which any old Road is to be widened, or through which any new Road is Ground or to be made, under the Authority of this Act, or any Person having an Interest in any such Ground, House, or Building, to traverse the Presentment for making or widening such Road, for Damages, either at the same altering Road Assizes or presenting Term in which such Presentment shall have been made, or at the next subsequent Assizes may iraveife or presenting Term, if he or she shall have given Notice in Writing to the Treasurer of the County, Twenty-one Presentment* at Days at the lead previous to the Coinmiuion Day of such subsequent Assizes, or previous to the First Day ofime J-such subsequent presenting Term, of such his or her Intention; and every Traverse entered at the Assizes or gUee.etf presenting Term whereat such Presentment shall have been made shall be tried then, or at the next subsequent

Assizes or Term; and every Traverse entered at the Assizes or presenting Term subsequent to that whereat such Damage* shall Presentment shall have been made, and of which such Notice shall be given, shall be tried at such subsequent be ascertained Assizes or presenting Term; and the Jury which shall try any such Traverse shall true Verdict give, whether any 1 J, jrFr and what Damages shall accrue by the Presentment to the Traverfor or Traverfors; and upon the Damages so found being paid to such Traverfor or Traveriprs, or deposited with the County Treasurer for the Use of such Traverfor or Traverfors, it shall be lawful for the Overseer or Overseers appointed to carry the Presentment in question into Effect to proceed in the Execution thereof without the Interruption of any Person whatsoever; and and raised off it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury as aforesaid to present such Sum or Sums of Money so found for Damages, Barony by or any Part thereof, to be raised off the Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which the Ground or House or other Buildings shall be situate, on account of which such Damages shall have been awarded to the Traverfor or Traverfors; to which Prpfentment no Traverse shall be allowed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Traverse shall be received to any Presentment made under the No Traverse

Authority of this Act, except for Damages. c*cej* (or Damages.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to No Presentmentt authorize any Grand Jury to present any Money to be raised for or in respect of any Turnpike Road, except as is herein after provided and enacted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Whole or any Part of the Road between one Post Town and another, which shall be ordered to be surveyed under the Authority of this Act, shall be a Turnpike Road, the Survey thereof directed to be made in Manner aforesaid, together with the Maps, Estimates, and Affidavits relating thereto, shall, when completed, be laid before the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners, to whose Controul and Management such Road shall be committed by Law, who shall proceed without Delay to obtain the Consent of the Owners or Occupiers of the Ground into which any Part of such Turnpike Road shall be proposed to be widened, or through which any Alteration thereof shall be proposed to be made, or <0 cause the Damages which may accrue to such Owners or Occupiers, by Means of such widening or Alteration, to be ascertained by v.the Verdict of a Jury, according to such Powers as are given to them by Law for such Purpose; and such Trui- t*rie*r tees, Directors, or Commissioners, shall lay all such Verdicts before the Grand Jury at the nejt ensuing Assizes, thereupon Grand or any subsequent Assizes, which shall be held for the County in which such Part of the Road shall be situated juries dull

or at the next presenting Term, or at any subsequent presenting Term, if the same be situate in the County of Prrf*"t off Dublin, or in the County of the City of Dublin; and it shall be lawful for each such Grand Jury to present the the Counti«* Sum or Sums specified in such Verdicts to be raised upon the County at large, and paid to the several Persons respectively in whose Behalf such Verdicts shall be given.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when all the Sums mentioned in such Verdicts shall be paid to the On IVymcot of Persons entitled thereto, or shall be deposited with the County Treasurer for the Use of such Persons, it shall be Mouzv, lawful for the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners, of such Turnpike Road, to proceed to widen such Road,

or to lay out and make such new Line of Road as the Case may be, without the Interruption of any Person jg^s.

whatever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Sum of Money presented to be raised under the Authority of Money presented this Act, by the Grand Jury or Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, shall and may be allowed by the Court,

although it shall exceed or cause an Excess in the Whole on each or any Barony beyond the Sums which are n^u-hcxcctditig allowed by Law to be raised bf Presentment on such Barony. the legal Propoitu*.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners Future Etpence#

any Turnpike Road, after receiving from the Postmasters General such Survey as is herein directed, to of Tump.xe

expend

for Turnpikes, except as after mentioned.

In case of Post Roads being Turnpike Roads,

Surveys, gcc. shall be laid before the Trustcct, who shall obtain Con* sent of Patties,

374 c-43-

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Mile per Aim.

In ease of Prc-

fcntmcnn. to be

order the Treasury to make Advances to the Cuu .ry Tjc.i-Juicr.

altered fli.vi not expend more Money- in any one Year than after the Rate of Thirty-two Pounds a Mile Irish Measure, on any Part exceed 31l. ptr of the Road, which according to such Survey is not to remain the Road, but to be altered by a new Line of Road being substituted in its Place.

XXVI. And whereas the Benefits proposed by this Act, for the secure and expeditious Conveyance of the*Mails, mud necessarily be delayed until the Whole of the Sums to be raised by Preferments shall be levied,

raised by yearly«unless Provision be made for an Advance of Money in the mean Time be it therefore enacted, ThaUwhenever i6>rl|°n> /ord*JltrY an}r County shall have presented any Line of Road, marked or recommended in any Survey or

Licuunasjtv may Map, agreeably to the Provisions of this Act, to be the Road between any two Pod Towns, and diall have pre- — t- fented the Sums necessary for making and completing the fame, but diall have directed that such Sum or Sums.

shall be raised only by yearly Portions, the Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith transmit a Copy of such their Presentment: and Direction to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or to his or their Chief Secretary; and it shall and may be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to order the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland to advance and pay out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, from Time to Time, a3 such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors shall in his or their Discretion order and direct, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of what shall remain of such Presentments unlcvicd at the Time of making such Order, to the Treasurer of such County, to be applied for the Purpose of accomplishing the Works for which such Presentment or Preferments shall have been made; and all such Money so advanced and paid to any such Treasurer of the County, shall be received and accounted for by him, in like Manner as any other Monies received by the Treasurer far the Use of the County; and all Securities given by such Treasurer, or in his Behalf, shall extend equally to such Money as to any other Money in his Hands.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer of a County receiving any such Money or Monies, shall pay to the Collector of His Majesty's Revenues in the District wherein the County Town is situated, all such Sums as he shall receive from Time to Time from the Baronial or other Collectors, by virtue of the Presentments on Account of which such Money shall have been advanced, until lie shall have difch^rged the whole Sum so advanced, but without interest for the same.

County Treasurer shall pay Sums fr^m Prekn intents to Collector of Revenue'till.Advance is repaid. 2*o Money shall be ordered to be advanced till all Damages to Parties are presented, &c.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to order any Money to be so advanced, unless it shall appear to him or them, by the Certificate of the Clerk of the Crown, or other sufficient Document, that the Whole of the Sums necessary to pay all Damages demanded by any Person or Persons, on account of any such Road going into or through any Ground, House, or Building, have been presented to be raised and paid, or have been otherwise settled for.

Money advanced

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Money so advanced and paid to any Treasurer of a County under

to Treasurer shall Act, shall be applied by him towards the Purpose of the Presentment or Preferments, on account whereof arrMrH.nl shall have been advanced or paid to or received by such Treasurer, and to no other Purpose; and that when

and so often as any Overseer appointed by the Grand Jury, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to such Treasurer, an Account of the Expenditure of any Money in purmance of any such Presentment, or of any Expences actually paid or itfeurred in the Execution of the Work for which such Presentment shall have been granted, specifying the Names of the Persons to whom the same shall have been paid, or shall be due, and for what Work or other Service, and when, together with the Number of Horses and Men employed, and the Wages per Day, or if the Work shall have been contrafted for, the Nature of the Contract; such Account to be verified by the Oath of such Overseer; it shall and may be lawful for such Treasurer, and he is hereby weekly advance required to advance and pay to such Overseer, from Time to Time, not oftener tram once in each Week, (out Sums necesary Gf such Monies as such Treasurer may so have received by Order of the LorcFXieutcnant, or other Chief

- U Governor or Governors of Ireland) the Amount of the Expence so sworn by such Overseer to have been actually

paid, dr incurred: Provided always, that such Overseer, if appointed by the Grand Jury, shall have first given Security to such Treasurer, with Two Sureties approved of by One of the Gov.rnors of the County, or by any Two Justices of the Peace, named by the Grand Jury for the Purpose, by Bond and Warrant to confeis.Judgement thereupon, conditioned, that such Overseer shall duly account, at the next Affixes or presenting # Term, for all Sums which shall be advanced to him by the Treasurer on account of any such Presentment in respect to the Road or other Work of which he is Overseer.

On Overseeri

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any general Overseer for the Whole of any Ro5d or their DeC mic9 to^appointed by any Grand Jury, shall have given Security (approved of in Manner before mentioned);

nr epu ic» ^hat any Overseer or Overseers appointed by him for the Work, speGifying his or their Names, shall duly account in Manner before-mentioned; every such Overseer so appointed by such General Overseers and named in such Security, shall, on his producing such Account as aforesaid, verified by himself upon Oath, together with the Order of the general Overseer, oe entitled to receive Advances of Money from the Treasurer of the County, from Time to Time, in Manner and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if J>y Neglect or Failure of raising the Sums which shall be directed as aforesaid to be raised by yearly Portions, or from any other Cause, any Delay shall happen tQ arise iii the County'Trca-^Repayment, by the Treasurer of the County to the Collector of the District, in Manner and at the Times furt 1 to herein directed, of the Whole or any Infialment of the Money advanced to such Treasurer, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, and they are hereby required, at the Assizes or presenting Term at which any such Instalment ought to be repaid, or at the next or any subsequent Assizes or presenting Term, to present such Sum as shall be behind and not repaid, to be raised off the County, County of a City qx Town, Barony or Half Barony respectively, as it shall have been before presented, and to be paid forthwith to the Collector of the District; and if such Sum

according to Presentment*. On Account of Expenditure delivered by Overseer on Oath to tire Treasurer, the*latter may

to pay such*Expenditure.

Security by Overseer* to accouift at ensuing Affitci.

may receive Advance* from County Treasurer.

On Failure of due Repayment

Col c&or, the bum shall be raised by Frcfeatment off the County, &c.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 43.

375

Sum shall be afterward* raised and paid to the Treasurer, in pursuance of the former Presentrr.ent, the Treasurer shall set it down to the Credit of the County, Barony, or Half Barony, as the Case may be, in the next Warrant which he shall issue.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Court at any Afiizcs to fiat any Presentmer.t for raising fyloney for the-Repair of any Road in such County, except a Poll Road, unless such PresentntjMt as last aforesaid be first made and allowed. mentioned Preferment made

XXXIII. ' And whereas the Tolls arising upon Turnpike Roads may not*nf Ford Funds sufficient for carrying

into Execution such Improvements of Alterations of the respective Roads as ©ay he recommended or pointed

out in any Survey to be made in Manner directed by this AYfc; and it may be necelTaiy for the Trustees,

' Directors, or CommislioKers, of such Turnpike Roads respectively, to borrow Money in Aid of their Tolls

for the Purpose; be it therefore enacted, That any Three or more of the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners, in whom the Care or Management of any Turnpike Road in Inland is vefled by Law, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to raise hnd borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the Sum necessary to carry into Execution the Whole of such new Line or Lines of Road, with Footpaths thereto, and reduce such Hills, and fillup such Hollows and to build or repair such Bridges, Arches, Pipes or Gullets, or Walls, as shall be marked or recommended in any such, Surrey as shall be delivered to them, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and according to the Estimates thereto annexed; and t^at for all Sums 10 to be borrowed. Bills entitling the Bearers to the Amount of the Sums therein specified shall be issued and signed by the Treasurer for the Time being, and signed by and sealed with the Seals of Three or more of such Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners of any such Road respectively, and that such Bills shall bear such Interest from the Date thereof as shall be agreed upon between such Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners respectively, and the Lender or Lenders, not exceeding the Rate of Six Pounds for One hundred Pounds by the Year; and that for such Sum so to be borrowed by such Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners respectively as aforesaid, the Yc shall be paid Half-yearly, by the Treasurer for the Time being, by and with the Order and Direction of Three or more of such Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners respectively, on such Days and Times after the respective Dates of such Bills, as shall be mentioned and appointed in the said Bills, to the Holders thereof, out of the Produce of the Tolls of any such Road respectively, such Interest as shall be so agreed upon, in full to the said Days so mentioned and appointed for the Payment of such Interest, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever, and free from all Dcdudlions, Defalcations, and Abatements, until the Principal Sums therein mentioned be respectively paid at one Payment; and that all such Bills as shall be so issued and signed by the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners of any such Road respectively, shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One, until the Whole thereof shall be numbered; provided, that no such Bill shall be issued for less than Fifty Pounds, nor for more than' One hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. ' And, in order to facilitate the borrowing of such Sum or Sums of Money, by increasing the Means

of discharging the Principal, and insuring the punctual Payment of the Interest; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners, of any such Turnpike Road$, to raise and increase all or any of the Tolls payable on such Roads respectively, in such Proportion as they shall think fit, not exceeding an Increase of One-half of the present Amount on any one Article; and that all Powers, Authorities, Penalties, and Regulations for collecting and enforcing the Payment of the present Tolls, shall extend equally to all such increased Tolls, any Thing in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall be satisfied that the Tolls to arise upon any Turnpikg Road of which a Survey shall have been made pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, are likely to produce or allow a clear annual Income, over and above all Charges for prior Incumbrances, considerably more than equal to the regular Discharge of all Interest for such Sums as may be necessary to be borrowed by the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners of such Turnpike Roads, for the Purposes of this Act, and to the Payment of a further Sum, after the Rate of Two Pounds per Cefitum per Annum on the Sum to be borrowed, to be applied as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland\ or any Three or more of them, by the Direction of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors ot Ireland for the Time being, at any Time after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six, to raise by Loan, on Debentures carrying an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, such Sum or Sums as shall be certified by the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners of any such Turnpike Road, to be necessary to be borrowed by them for executing the Purposes of this Act, and as shall be specified in such Directions of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and that the fame, when raised, shall be remitted and paid to such Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners, or shall lie paid to their Order, in such Manner and under such restrictions for enfufing its due Application to the Purposes of this Act, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Tolls which shall, on the Day such Money shall be borrowed, or at any subsequent Time, be vested in the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners, of any such Turnpike Road, shall be subject to the Payment at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, of the Interest payable on such Debentures, and to the further Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum borrowed; which said Slim of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum shall, by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt of Ireland, he duly and regularly applied, together with the Interest of all Principal Sums which shall be redeemed therewith, to the Redemption of the Sums so borrowed; and when the Whole of the Sum* so borrowed shall be redeemed thereby, and all Interest thereon paid and satisfied, the said Toll* shall be discharged from all Demands on account thereof.

No Fur for any but Post Roads tid such hit and alowed. Trustees of Turnpikes empowered to borrow Money necessary for Purposes of this Act, on Credit of their Tolls.

Trustees of Turnpikes may increase Tolls foe Repiyment of Money under this Act.

If Use Lord Lieutenant shall be fitisfied of the Sufficiency, of the Income of any Turnpike' Road to pay In t err ft and 2 f. per Centum pet' Annum as a Sinking Fund, the Treasury of Ireland may laife Money on Debentures, and pay same to Trustees of such Road.

The Toils shall be liable to th: Payment at Inc Exchi quer of the futrreft on such Debentures, and 2 i. per Centum per Annum till the P< i'lcip.il is redeemed.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

On failure cf Payment c*f Interest, See. tl.e Lord Chancellor may appoint a Receiver, or squester the Tolls.

Paits of Turnpike Roads discontinued may be sold by Trustees unless prefenied within Eight Months as a publick Road by Grand Juiie?, be.

O^ths under this Atf may be admii'illcred by Onejustice. Penalty of perjury. Postmaster* General may pay Expences of Surveyots, &c. tiut of Postage Duty.

Powers of all former A re speliing Roads applied to this Act.

(V34 G. 3. '5i- k*-)

State b ought Coastwise whether under the Value of aos, per Ton or not ih*ll he fttbjfll to the Duty now pay .«h e on Slate, «nd^r 43 G. 3, «* fcfc. dec*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Interest shall at any Time be behind or unpaid by the Trustees or proper Officer of any Turnpike Road, for Money borrowed under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Seven Days after any of the Days appointed for the Payment of such Interest, or if the Trustees or other proper Officer of any Turnpike Road, shall omit or neglect to pay at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, a Sum equal to the full Amount of all Interest which may become due on any Debentures for Money raised, and which shall have been so remitted or paid to the Trustees, TOireftors, or Commissioners of such Road, Or their Order, Twenty-one Days at the least before such Interest shall be payable at the Treasury, together with the further Sum after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum as aforesaid, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland, may, upon Petition and Affidavit of the Party claiming a Right to such Interest, or upon the Motion of His Majesty's Attorney General of Ireland on Behalf of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Higfi Treasurer of Ireland, appoint a Receiver to receive so much of the Tolls of fuqh Road as may be necessary to pay such Interest respectively, and such further Sum after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum; together with the Receiver's Fees, and all reasonable Costs attending such Application; or may make such Order for sequestering the Tolls for the Payment thereof, as to such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners, may appearjuft and fitting in that Behalf.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioneri of any Turnpike Road, shall alter the same in pursuance of this Act, they shall cause a Map of such Parts of the existing Road as shall in consequence thereof be discontinued by them, to be deposited with the Treasurer of the County in which such Parts shall be situated; and if the Grand Jury of such County shall not within Eight Months after such Map shall be so deposited, present such Parts to be left open as a publick Road, and present to be raised off the Barony or Half Barony, or Baronies or Half Baronies, in which such Road shall be situated (and which every Grand Jury is hereby empowered to do), fufti Sum or Sums of Money as the Materials of the said Road, and of all Bridges and Arches thereon, shall amount to, on a Valuation to be made thereof upon Oath of Three Persons, One to be named by the Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners of such Road, One other by such Grand Jury, and the Third to be chosen by the other Two; every Part of such Road which shall not be so presented to be kept open, shall be and is hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees, Directors, vor Commissioners of such Road, and shall and may be set or sold by them, or as many of them as are competent do any Act respecting such Road 5 and all Materials thereon, or in any Bridges, Arches, or Pipes, upon or across the fame, may be taken down, and applied by them to the Use and Advantage of the Road under their Care; and all Money arising from the Sale or Setting of such discontinued Road, shall be applied in Aid of the Tolls under their Management.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, within his Jurisdiction, to administer any Oath or Oaths prescribed or required by this Act; and that if any Person who shall take any such Oath shall wilfully and knowingly swear falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject to by any Law in force in Ireland.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Postmasters General in Ireland to pay all such Sums as may be necessary for satisfying the Surveyors and other Persons to be employed for the making the Surveys directed by this Act* and for the Attendance of the Surveyors on any Grand Juries, or on any Trustees, Directors, or Commissioners of any Turnpike Road respectively, and for all Expences incurred by them in the Execution of this Act, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duty on the Postage of Letters in Ireland.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any Post Road, Presentment Road, or Turnpike Road, which shall be widened, altered, or improved under and by virtue of this Act, shall be applied where necessary in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if such Powers and Provisions were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, so far as such Powers and Provisions are applicable to and are not repealed or altered by this Act.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the Valt e whereof fha not exceed Twenty Shillings per Ton, brought Coastwise within Great Britain, from the Duty thereby granted.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS Slate of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, the Value of which, as it is on Shipboard at the Port or Place where the same shall be intended to be landed, shall not exceed Twenty Shillings per Ton, is not chargeable with Duty: And whereas it is expedient that the Exemption from Duty on such Slates should be discontinued : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tfce Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Slate so brought as aforesaid, whether the same shall be under the Value of Twenty Shillings per Ton or not, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Duties, as well temporary at permanent, as by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and by several other Acts passed subsequent thereto, are imposed on Slate the Production of Great Britain; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

0.45, 46. '377

c. 8l.

c. 49»

CAP. XLV.

An Act for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, granted by Two Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty; and to allow a Drawback of the said Duties to Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, for Wine confbmed on board His Majesty's Ships of War.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for 43 G. 3.

granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain were granted unto His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty'of Peace; and by another Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 44 q. 3.

1 for granting to His Majesty y until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Extife on Wine imported into Great Britain, certain further additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain were granted unto His Majesty until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a 4 Definitive Treaty of Peace: And whereas it is expedient that the said Duties granted by the said recited Acts '

should be made perpetual May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ana The Additions!

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties granted

said respective additional Duties of Excise on Wine by the said recited Acts granted, and the Drawbacks

thereby respectively allowed, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, petual.Cp€

Penalties, and Forfeitures therein respectively contained and mentioned in relation to such Duties and Drawbacks respectively, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

II. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 33 G. 3. t. 48.

4 to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captainsyand other*Commissioned Officers on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Dutyfree, a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain is allowed on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in His Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption, on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every Year, in the Proportions therein mentioned, and under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in the said recited Act; and it is thereby provided, that the said Drawback should not be allowed upon any Wines but such as should be delivered into the Charge of the Collectors and Comptrollers of His Majesty's Customs at certain Ports therein enumerated: And whereas by several subsequent Acts the Provisions of the said recited Act relating to the said Allowances of the Drawbacks on Wines were extended to other Ports in Great Britain: And whereas other and additional Duties of Customs and Excise have been granted on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain since the parting of the said recited Acts; and Doubts have arisen whether a Drawback of the whole Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise, now payable on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain, can be allowed on Wines intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers employed in Drawback of £i 4 His Majesty's Service; and it is expedient that a Drawback of the whole Amount of such Duties should be Duties of allowed Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a Drawback of the wholend

Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise now paid or hereafter to be paid on the Importation of Wines rted

into Great Britain, shall be .flowed on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other shall be allowed Commissioned Officers employed in His Majesty's Service for their actual Consumption on board such of His on Wine for the Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, in like Manner, and under the like Provisions and Restrictions, as Stores of Drawbacks of any former Duties paid on the Importation of Wines into Great Britain are directed to be allowed by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year aforesaid, and the said several Acts subsequent thereto. Sh^ps.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any 1rregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, 43 G. 3. c. 16.

which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned\ and ip*the Business of Prize Agency; and to report such Olfervations as shall occur to them for preventing such

Irregularititsy Frauds, and Abusesy and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency in future, which was to continue in force for the Space of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient, that the said Act should be continued and amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the Expiration thereof until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall be confirmed to compel the said Commissioners to enquire into any Abuses, frauds, or Irregularities that have existed, and no 45 Geo. III. 3 C longer

Recited Act Continued until the End of next Sc (lion.

CotnmKRorer*

not aompellable to inquire inr# Abuse* no longer t Killing.

37

I aqui rye x fended to Greenwich Hafpiral, and to Profit* from Balances of .Accountants' &c. Persons neglecting to appear before Commissioner'or refusing to answectQueflionl on Oath, a* to Matters under tout A£i, may be committed.

Habeas Corpus jnay be awarded against Prisoners in Custody in England to bring them before Commissioners.

I

Commissioneri appointed and empowered to inquire how far Regulations of Commissioners of Publick Accounts under 2oG.3. c. 54, dcc. and Committee of Publick Expenditure, have been carried into Etfc Ci.[S«45 r. 70.]

Commissionera shall enquire into the Expenditure and ConduCf of the Offices of Ordnance, Secretary at War, Chelsea Hospital, &c. and shall make

C. 46, 47. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

longer exist, in any of the Departments or Offices therein named, in such Cases as may not appear to them t» require it; Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said. Commissioners to enquire into all Matters concerning the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, as fully as if it had been included among the Offices and Departments enumerated in the said Act; and also into any Profits made on any Sums or Balances of publick Money in the Hands or Custody of any Person or Persons belonging to any of the said Offices or Departments, either by such Person qr any other Person or Persons in his or their Behalf; and that any such Person who shall neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or to bring or produce any Accounts, Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, relating to any such Sums, Balances, or Profits aforesaid, that shall be in his, her, or their Possession, Custody, or Power, and which he, she, or they shall have been required by any Summons and the said Act to produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or being Quakers shall refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or being Quakers having affirmed, shall refuse to answer to and before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, any Question on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to any such Sum, Balance, or Profits aforesaid, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, for taking and apprehending any such Person or Persons, and committing him, her, or them to such Prison as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall think fit, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she, or they shall submit to be examined touching and concerning all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers given by the said Act, or to make such Proouftion as aforesaid, as the Case may be.

" No Period shall be compelled to criminate himself. §3." §5 q/*43 G. 3. c. 16.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for bringing Persons detained in Custody, under Civil 1 or Criminal Process, to be examined before the Commissioners herein-before named, touching such Matters and ' Things as are necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty's Courts 6f King's Bench and Co rmon Pleas respectively, or for any Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, at his Discretion, to award a Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringingany Prisoner or Prisonerp detailed in any Gaol or Prison, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England before the Commissioners herein-before named, or any Three of them, to be by them examined touching the Matters and Things aforesaid.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Publick Expenditure, and the: .Conduct of Publick Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better condu£ling and managing the Business of the said Departments; to continue in force for Two Years, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Publick Expenditure and the Conduct of Publick Business in the Departments herein after mentioned, and to

report such Observations as shall occur to them, for correcting or preventing any Abuses or Irregularities-

that may exist therein, and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments,

and on the Means of ensuring a prompt and regular auditing of Publick Accounts: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Major General Hildebrand Oakes, [Colonel Frederick Beckwith], Lieutenant Colonel John Drink water, Samuel Compton Cox Esquire, Giles Tempieman Esquinv Henry Peters Esquire; and Charles Brfanquet Esquire, shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid, and to examine into and investigate how far the Regulations recommended, by the Commissioners appointed under an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of PI is present Majesty, and several subsequent A£^s, to examine and state the Publick Accounts and other Matters relating thereto, and by the Scleft Committee of the House of Commons appointed in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, to examine into the Publick Expenditure, have been carried into Execution; and whether any other Regulations, or any Alterations and Amendments in any that have been heretofore adopted, may conduce to the Publick Benefit; and such Commissioners shall report upon and state the same to His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners shall also esquire and examine into the Publick Expenditure and Conduct of Publick Business in the several Offices and Departments herein after mentioned; (that is to say); in the Office of Ordnance; the Office of the Secretary at War, including the Mode of issuing Subsistence, Cloathing, and all other Necessaries and Allowances to His Majesty's Forces; and in the Offices of Adjutant, Quartermaster, and Barrackmaster General respectively; and in the Office of the Commissariat; and in the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and the Royal Military College, and the Royal Military Asylum, and the Medical Department; and also what Balances are still remaining in the Hands of any Publick Accountants in any of the said Departments or Offices, and whether any and what Abuses or Irregularities exist, and, ia any such Cases as appear to them to require^it, whether any or what Abuses or Irregularities have existed in any of

A.D. 1805.

45" GEORGII III.

C. 47, 48. 379

Reports thereon to the King and Parliament, with Plans for regulating the f.«id Offices, and a« to auditing Accou "s tmder 25 Geo. 5. c. 52.

Commissionejrs nor compel!, d to enquii- into Atufes that no longer exist.

Commissionera (hll icportiOta the M <ns of prc\c ti : g AKuies and Frauds rn'*

Expendi'urc of Publick Money in f, e West Indies. fSVe

41 G.3 (G.B.) r. 2*.]

such Offices or Departments, or have been practised or committed by any Person or Persons that now are or have been concerned in managing, conducting, or transacting the Business of any of the said Offices or Departments, or been in any Manner employed therein; and shall report upon and (late the same to His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, and also report on the most effectual Means of remedying the fame; and generally shall report on the State and Management of the said Offices and Departments, and suggest any such Regulations for the better carrying on the Publick Service therein as may appear to them conducive to the Publick Interest; and they shall also enquire into and Hate any Delays that have arisen in the examining and auditing the Publick Expenditure, under an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reigi of His present Majesty, and into the Mode of conducing Publick' Business in the Office of the Commissionero appointed under the said Act, and fugged any Regulations that may appear to them most effectual for ensuring a prompt and regular auditing of all Publick Accounts in future.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to compel the fakl Commissioners to enquire into any Abuses, Frauds, or Irregularities that have exided and no longer exiil in any of the Departments of Offices herein named, in such Cases as may not appear to them to require it.

IV. And whereas the Commissioners appointed to examine certain Publick Expenditures in the West Indies, have proceeded in the Execution of their Duty to investigate the same, and have reported thereon to the Commissioners of the Treasury: And whereas it has been ascertained by the said Commissioners, under the said last recited Act, that great Abuses have exicted and great Frauds have been committed in the Expenditure of the Publick Money in the V/iJl Indies: And whereas it is highly necessary that Regulations should be adopted for the Prevention of such Abuses in future be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners under this Act shall, and they are hereby required to take into Consideration all such Abuses and Frauds, and the R ports mad. thereon; and to ascertain and report to His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, the bed and most effectual Regul itions and Checks for the Prevention thereof in future

" Commissioners empowered to meet where convenient, and to fend Precepts for Persons, Papers, and u Records. §9. — To examine on Oath. §6. — Persons neglecting to attend or to produce Accounts, or u refusing to be sworn, or to answer uedions, may be committed. §7. — But no Person shall be compellable* to answer any Qucdion or produce Papers which may criminate himself §8. — [&* §2 — 5 of 43 G. 3. c. 16. — u and {20/ 45 G. 3 c. 46.] — A Writ of Habeas Corpus may be awarded for bringing Persons in Custody in " England before the Commissioners to be examined. §9. j See 45 G 3. c 46. §4. — Commissioners shall be sworn. §10. — Persons triving false Evidence shall be subject to Penalties for Perjury. § r 1. — Vacancies of " Commissioners may be filled up by His Majesty §12. [See §6, 7, 8 of 4$ G. 3. c. 16.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person appointed a Commissioner by this Act shall accept of or hold any Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure from or under His Majesty during the Continuance of this Act.

u Commissioners may appoint Clerks who shall receive such Reward as the Commissioners shall direct, for which " Purpose Treasury may issue / 2, 000. { 14. § o of 43 G. 3. c 16.] — Limitation of Actions 6 Months,

u General Issue, Treble Costs. §15. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § j6. — Continuance of " Act §17. Las in Title.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioner? for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pension*, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and cer din Duties on Sugar, Mdb, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and an Act made in the Thtr y-eigh h Year of.

His present Majelh, b»r granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven h ndred and ninety.eight, [5th June 1805.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting 4.5 G. 3. c. ti V. to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Dilates in England, and certain Duties on Sugarf

No Commissioner (hat hold any ' Office during Pleasure.

Malt, Tobacco, and Snyffi, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and Jive, it was enacted, that all and every the Persons, who, in and by certain Acts therein mentioned, made in the

37 G. 3. c. 35. 35 G. 3. c. 26.

Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were named and appointed Commissioners (duly quali ying themselves) for putting the several Acts therein specified into 39>4G*3»-3i« Execution, within the several Counties, h idings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions, and 1

Places of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upen-Tweed, should be Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, unless before the Day therein appointed for the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, some Act or Acts of Parliament should be jroade for nhming and appointing Special Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution: And whereas it is expedient that other Commissioners should be appointed for putting into Execution an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting in Aid to His MajestyJky a Land Tax, c^.

to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, of which*

Act certain Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were continued for ever, by an A>dl made in -

the same Year, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein j8G. 3. c. ft* stated, the fevered Sums of Money novo charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear, from the Twenty fifth {

Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 3'and be it enacted by the Kirg's gtoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

3 C a of*

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Comraiffionerf

appointed.

38 G. 3. c. 5.

38 G. 3. c. 60.

Commissioners appointed fu? Scotland.

380.3, c. 5, 60.

Qualification! shall be the same at required by 38 G. 3. c. 5.

justice may a A though not specially named. Former Act shall continue in force until Q£t. ic> 1805.

Recitahof Duties panted by 43 G. 3- c. in*

Duty in respect of Property in Lands, See. it. per Pound f€t Annum. [See

DuryonOccupier «( Lands, See. 9<l. per Pound in England.

In Scotland 6d. per Puund. (*')38, fe-£.}

Djty on AnnuL tie* and Dividers on Public ll Revenue is.

P'T Pound.

[See/ 71,*.J

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Person* hereafter named and mentioned; (that is to say),

[Here follow in the Ad the Names of the Commissioners appointed for the federal Counties of England and Wales.] Being first duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in pursuance of the Orders and Directions contained in the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Servire of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be, and are hereby declared to fie Commissioners for putting into Execution the said recited Act made in this Session of Parliament; and also such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty as are continued for ever by the said recited Act of the same Year, within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places respectively, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons hereafter named and mentioned; (that is to say),

[Here follow in the Act the Names of the Commissioners appointed for the several Counties of Scotland.]

Being duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in pursuance of the Orders and Directions of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, shall be, and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, of the said recited Act, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act of the same Year, within the several Shires, Stewartries, and Place* respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons hereby appointed Commissioners, shall be subject and liable to such and the same Qualifications, and to such and the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for the like or similar Offence or Offences, as the several anil respective Persons acting as Commissioners in the Execution of the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighty are thereby made subject and liable to: Provided also, that all Persons who shall act as Justices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire, i>r Stewartry, in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may act as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this Act: Provided also, that the Acts before mentioned, made in the Thirty-seventh, Thirty-eighth, and Fortieth Years, of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall continue in force, until and upon the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, any Thing herein contained, or in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices; and to consolidate, and render more effectual, the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Defnitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices; it was enacted, that during the Term therein mentioned, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paicli throughout Great Britain, the several Duties and Contributions contained in the Schedules of the said Act, marked 4 (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E.), which Duties are as follows; videlicet,

SCHEDULE (A.)

For all Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, there shall be charged throughout Great Britain, in respect of the Property thereof, for every Twenty Shillings of the Annual Value thereof, the Sum of One Shilling:

§ 37, &c. of this Act.] SCHEDULE (B.)

For all Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in England, Wales, and Benvick-upon-Twee I, there shall be charged in respect of the Occupation thereof, for every Twenty Shillings of the Annual Value thereof, the Sum of Nine Pence:

For all Dwelling Houses, Land*, Tenements, or Heritages, in Scotland, there shall be charged in respect of the Occupation thereof, for every Twenty Shillings of the Annual Value thereof, the Sum of Sixpence:

SCHEDULE (C.)

Upon all Profit* arising from Annuities, Dividends, and Shares of Annuities, payable to any Person or Persons* Bodies Politic or Corporate, Companies or Societies, whether Corporate or not Corporate, out of any Publick Revenue, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the Annual Amount thereof, the Sum of One Shilling without Deduction;

2 SCHEDULE

C. 49-

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Upon the Annual Profit* or Gains, arising or accruing to any Person or Persons refuling' in Great Britain, from any Kind of Property whatever, whether Gtuate in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Profession, Trade, or Vocation, whether the same shall be respectively earned on in Great Britain or cl1 ewhere, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount of such Profits or Gains, the Yearly Sum of One Shilling:

And upon the Annual Profits or Gains, arising or accruing to any Person or Persons whatever, whether Subjects of His Majesty or not, although not resident within Great Britain, from any Property whatever in Great Britain, or any Profession, Trade, Employment, or Vocation, exercised within Great Britain, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount of suchwProfits or Gains, the Yearly Sum of One Shilling:

SCHEDULE (E.)

Upon every Publick Office or Employment of Profit; and upon every Annuity, Pension, or Stipend payable by His Majesty, or out of the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, except Annuities before charged to the Duties in Schedule (C.) for every Twenty Shillings of the Annual Valu^ thereof respectively, there shall be charged the Sum of .One Shilling:

Duty on Profits of Property, &c.-cn Persons resident in Great Britain, i«. per Pour.cl.

Dury on Profits of Property in Great Britain oA Persons not tefiding there,

1*. per Pound. [Stef. 9, (Sfc.y

Duties on Pub-licV. Offices or-Employments, andon Annuitiei, Pension*, Ate. [Suftbo,

And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Duties should, from the Time herein after limited, be assessed,

raised, levied, and paid, under the Provisions of this Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it

may be enacted; 9 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and'

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon all Assessments of the said recited Duties to be made for any Year, Regulations of commencing after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, the following Rules, Regulations, former A6\ Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, shall be observed, practised, and carried into Execution; and all the d, iconrim ed as Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act for {" Y, 7icr the raising, levying, and paying the said Duties, shall respectively cease and determine; save and except always April 1805, as to the recovering, paying, and accounting for any Arrears or the said Duties, which, on the Fifth Day of except as to April One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have been assessed by virtue of the said recited Act, and of the Arrcari. several Acts herein after mentioned, and which shall then remain unpaid or not accounted for; and the said Arrears shall be and continue to be recoverable, paid, and accounted for, by virtue of the said several Acts respectively, any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Duties, arising in England, Wales, and Berwici-upon- The Dude* in Tweed, shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty-third England (h-H be Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts - assessed under the relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the RfSy, ali^ns of fame; and the said recited Duties, arising in Scotland, shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected under the Scodand

Regulations of an Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained under

i.j any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for 43 G. 3. c. 150. amending the said Acts so far as relate to Scotland; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, powen of said Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in such Acts, (except Acts shall be where other Provisions are made in this Act), shall be severally and respectively duly observed, practised, and applied in the put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britaints aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Britain

Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, exerpt's other Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and wife provided for respectively applied to such Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid; and all and every the Regulations of such Acts, by this Act. except as aforesaid, shall be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been enacted therein; and the said several Duties so levied, shall be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

III. And whereas Difficulties have arisen in charging the said recited Duties on the fractional Parts of the No Dutie*

1 Profits or Gains charged by the Lid recited Adi be it further enacted, That upon every fractional Part of fra&wwl P-ri*

Twenty Shillings, of the Annual Profits or Gains aforesaid, the like Proportion of Duty, at the Rate before lower ld*

recited, shall be charged; provided no Rate of Duty shall be charged of a lower Denomination than One Penny.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to appoint Commissioners for the General Purposes of this Act, from and Commissioner*

' among ft the Persons appointed Commissioners for the Execution of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year Pu P°^c*

4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be be annCanJ*

raised : n Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to act in the chofm from Execution of this Act, so far as relates to the Powers hereby veiled in such Commissioners be it further the Commission-enacted, That the several Persons appointed, or to be appointed to be Commissioners for putting in Execution <»f LandTsx, the said Land Tax Act, in the respective Parts of Great Britain therein mentioned, being respectively qualified to GaTt act as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Act, shall meet at such Place within each County, Shire, or jngs Convene<i Stewartry, and within each Riding of Tori and Division of Lincoln, and within each City, Borough, Cinque by She ritfa. Port, Town, and Place, for which they are respectively appointed Commissioners of the said Land Tax Act, [&* 46 G. 3. as shall have been the usual and common Place of holding the General Meetings of Commissioners under the said 48 ]

38* C. 49. 45*' GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Manner of

thuling

Commissioner«, [ .Vi to

tionJee f 14, <£>c.

*b77 J

for supply ing Vacancies,

For want of JLand T «x Commissionert, othci fir Persons reliving in me Distnft may be named;

or from arljoin-ing'Diiiridi j

xnd returner! to Tax Office.

None other to ad.

Commissioners, Ixfircappor-ttd, may continue to ad.

First Merging 1-ctorc 10th October.

Land Tax Act; of if such General Meeting shall not have been usually held in any such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, then at the usual Place where the Quarter Sessions shall be usually h°!d therein, in the Week after the Close of Easter, or next after Easter in every Year; which Meetings shall be convened by the respective Sheriffs of Counties in England and Wales, and hfy the respective Sheriffs Depute or Substitute or Counties or Shires in Scotland, and by the respective Chief Magistrates of all Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, an* Places iu Great Britain, and shall be held between the First Day of March the Fifth Day of April yearly, in every Year, after Notice given to such Officers by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; a .d at each such General Meeting the said Commissioners of Land Tax, or the major Part of them then present, shall choose and set down in Writing the Names of such of the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, who shall respectively be qualified as herein-aft^r is required, and who shall be fit and proper to act in the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or Wards, within the said Counties, Ridings, or Shires, Stewartries, or Divisions, or in the several Parishes or Wards of the said Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places within the same, observing always in forming such Districts the same Limits which shall have been settled for the Districts under the said La id Tax Act; and the Names of such Persons who shall be so chosen, shall be set down in the Order in which the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall judge fit they should respectively be appointed Commissioners in their respective Districts; and any Seven, or any less Number than Seven not being in any Case less than Three, of the Persons so set down, and in the Order in which they shall be so set down, in such Lift, shall be Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act, and of the Duties granted by the said recited A cl, and they are hereby required to take upon themselves the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, a; .d of the said Duties, as such Commissioners for general Purposes 5 and any Seven, or any less Number than Seven not being in any Case less than Three, of the Persons so set down next in Order to the Lift; of Names before mentioned, shall be Commissioners to supply Vacancies as the same may arise, in the Manner herein after mentioned: Provided always, that if the Commissioners appointed as herein is first mentioned, shall not find amongst themselves, and set down the Names of Seven Persons to act, and Seven others to supply Vacancies for each District, within such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, or Place, it shall be lawful for them to appoint any Person or Persons residing within such District, who shall respectively be qualified as herein after is required, and who in their Judgment shall be fit and proper Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, until the Number of Seven iu each such Lift shall be completed, although such Persons shall not have been appointed to act as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Land Tax Act: Provided also, that if at such Meeting the Commissioners shall not find and set down Fourteen Persons of the Descriptions before mentioned to act as Commissioners, and to supply Vacanceis in each such District, it shall be lawful for them to felcft such Number of Persons as shall be requisite, from the Persons acting in or for any adjoining or neighbouring District of the same County, Riding, Division, S.'iire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, in order that there shall he no Failure in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid; and the Names of such respective Persons who shall have been so chosen as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Tax Office in the Order m which they dial' have been set down in such Lifts: Provided always, that where Seven Persons qualified as herein after is required, shall be chosen to act as Commissioners for any District as aforesaid, no other Person shall interfere as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, so long as such Seven Persons shall continue to act, except in the Districts herein after mentioned: Provided also, that where any Commissioner or Commissioners appointed to execute the said Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting the said recited Duties, and acting as such at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall signify to such Meeting, either personally or by Writing, his^or their Consent to continue to act as such Commissioner or Commissioners, then and in such Case the said Commissioners of Land Tax present at such Meeting, shall be confined at such Meeting to the Appointment'of such and so many Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, or to supply Vacancies, as shall be necessary to complete the Number required by this Act, above the Number so consenting to act as aforesaid 2 Provided also, that such General Meeting? as aforesaid, shall and may for the present Year be holden at any Time before the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act,

The District of Bedlingtonshire

V. And whereas the District of Bedlingtonshire, situate in the County of Northumberland, near to Morpeth Ward in the said County, is Part of the County Palatine of Durham, and hath hitherto been charged together cfcemtd P->t of«with Chester Ward, in the said County, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants thereof be it further Nvuhumbir- ena&ec^ That upon aH Assessments to be made under this Act, the said District of Bedlingtonshire shall be

land, charged under this Act as Part of Morpeth Ward, in the said County of Northumberland; provided that

any Person or Persons residing in the said District of Bedlingtonshire, being duly qualified according to this Act, may act as a Commissioner or Commissioners, together with the Commissioners chosen and acting for Morpeth Ward aforesaid, in all Matters and Things relating to Bedlingtonshire.

In Default of

VI. And be it further enacted, That if in any County, Riding, or Division, or any City, Town, or Place, 'Meenn a?hcnrral an7 happen in holding such General Meeting for any Year, then and in* every such Case the Commissioners Commissioners already appointed under the said recited Act or this Act, and acting as such immediately before

may continue and at the Time when such Meet ing ought to be held, shall and may continue to act as such Commissioners to act without without any new Appointment and it shall be lawful for them to supply any Vacancies then existing in such

further Appoint- Manner as they are hereby authorized to fill up Vacancies.

ment. 7

How Vacancies

VII. And be it further enacted, That, when any One or more of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Dull be supplied. Act shall die, or decline to act, or having begun to act, shall decline to act any further therein, then and in every such Case, the remaining Commissioners shall choose One or more of the Person or Persons on the Lift to supply Vacancies, who shall be appointed the Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place of the Commissioner

A.D. 1805. 450 GEORGII III. C. 49.

or Commissioners so refilling or declining to act or dying, provided the Person so to be appointed shall have been chosen to supply such Vacancy in the same Manner as the Person so refusing or declining to act or dying 5 and the federal Commissioners of Land Tax shall, at such their General Meetings, as often as Occasion shall require, select and add new Names to the Persons before chosen to supply Vacancies who shall respectively be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, as and when any such Vacancy shall happen v Provided always, that if the Lift for supplying Vacancies, to be made and renewed as aforesaid, shall at any - Tfrne be defective, so that the due Number of Commissioners cannot be supplied therefrom, the same shall her filled up and renewed from Time to Time by the acting Commissioners for the District where such Failure shall have happened, until such General Meeting shall be held as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be^it further enacted, That within and for each of the Cities and Towns Within certain herein after mentioned, videlicet, London, Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Norwich, Birmingham, Places other Liverpool\ Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, and Great Yarmouth, it shall be lawful for the Persons herein after mentioned to choose Eight Persons to be Commissioners, and Eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, to act -in Addition together with the Persons chosen or appointed, or to be chosen as before directed, Eight of whom shall be to ad with the chosen to act as Commissioners, and Eight others to supply Vacancies as herein directed, in each such City and Commissioner* Town; and that in and for the City of London Two Commissioners, and Two to supply their Vacancies, shall before choseiu be named by the Mayor and Aldermen of London, out of Eight Persons, Four of whom shall be Aldermen, In London, to be.returned to them by the Common" Council; Two other Commissioners, and Two to supply their Vacancies, by the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England; One other Commissioner, and One other

to supply his Vacancy, by each of the Companies herein after mentioned, videlicet, the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Governor and Directors of the

South Sea Company, the Governor and Directors of the Royal Exchange Insurance Company, and the Governor

and Directors of the London Assurance Company; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Magistrates In Norwich

and Justices of the Peace acting in and for the City of Norwich, to choose Eight Persons to be Commissioners,

and Eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, not more than Four of the said Eight Commissioners, and not

more than Four of the said Eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, to be chosen from out of the said

Magistrates and Justices, and the remaining Four Commissioners, and Four Persons to supply their Vacancies,

to be chosen from the Inhabitants of the said City; and in and for each of the other Cities and Towns before Other Citle*

mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said City and Tow

or Town, or the County, Riding, Ij)ivision, Shire, or Stewartry where the said City or Town is situate,

to choose Eight Persons to be Commissioners, and Eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, as herein is

mentioned; and the Persons so chosen by the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid; together writh the other

Persons respectively chosen as herein is particularly directed, shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act,

and to supply their Vacancies as the same may arise, within and for the several Districts in which such Cities

and Towns respectively shall be situate, or which shall be formed by such Cities and Town3 respectively, and for such other Places which have usually been assessed in the same District writh such Cities and Town?

respectively towards the Aid by a Land Tax; and the Names of all Persons so chosen as last aforesaid, shall be

returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs cf Taxes.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for the City of London One Person shall and may be Indi.vand* chosen to act as a Commissioner therein, and One other to supply his Vacancy, In* each of the Companies pons herein after mentioned 5 videlicet, the Directors for conducting and managing - the Affairs and Business of the choof« Two " West India Dock Company and London Dock Company respectively for the Time being; and the Person so Commissioner* chosen as last aforesaid, shall be added to the other Commissioners chosen for the said City, and shall, together to for with such other Commissioners, be Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and London.

to supply their Vacancies as the same may arise, within and for the said City, and their Names shall be returned in like Manner: Provided always, that the Persons already named by the respective Corporations, Companies, and Persons aforesaid, in pursuance of the said recited Act, and acting as Commissioners at the Time of paflingr of this Act, shall continue to be Commissioners for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, so long as such Persons are willing to act therein, without any new Appointment.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall hot be a sufficient Number of Dffeulr

Commissioners chosen or appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or to supply Commissionerf Vacancies, capable of acting according to the Qualification required by this Act, for any City, Borough, Commissioner* Town, or Place, then and in every such Case any Person qualified to act for the County at large, or Riding, qualified for the Shire, or Stewartry, in which or adjoining which such City, Borough, Town* or Place, shall be situate, may be C «nty may be chosen to act as a Commissioner for such City, Borough, Town, or Place. chosen so« Gitiej>

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person residing in ar.y County, Riding, Division, Person* duly Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, and qualified as herein after mentioned, who shall be willing to act as a qualified may be-Commissioner in the Execution of the said Acts, in any District w here a Commissioner or Commissioners shall be

wanting, may be chosen in Manner aforesaid to he such Commissioner, although such Person shall not have been no"named ir»U£> appointed to act in the Execution of the said Land Tax Act; any Tiling before contained to the contrary Land Tax Ad. notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if in any District there flialibe a Neglect in appointing Commissioners °n of for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, as hereby is directed, or the Commissioners so appointed shall^°°f, n8/uch neglect or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed to execute the said Land Tax Act, Commissionerir being respectively qualified as directed by this Act, and they and every of them, not in any Case exceeding the of Land Tax Number of Seven, on Notice of such Neglect and Want of Appointment by any Inspector or Surveyor of the execute thir laid Duties duly authorized to give such Notice by Writing under the Hands 01 Three or more of the^on Notice

Commissioners from

384 C. 49.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Commissioners

fmy appoint a Clerk and Assistant.

Qualification of Commissioners for Counties in

Inspector, &c. Commissioners for the Affairs of Tagcee, shall, and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required, to take upon the Tai Office themfqlves the Execution of this Act, and to do and execute all Matters and Things, which Commissionert chosed in pursuance of this Act are hereby required and empowered to do; and if in any District there shall be a Want of such last mentioned Commissioners, the Commissioners of any adjoining District in the same County, Riding, or Division, Shire or Stewartry, being respectively qualified, as directed by this Act, shall, on like Notice as aforesaid, execute this Act as such Commissioners, by themselves, or in Concurrence with any Person Tnx Office may or Persons willing to act as Commissioners of the District where this Act shall require to be executed: Provided g'ye such Notice, always, that where Commissioners shall not be appointed in each District, and returned to the Tax Office as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to cause such Notices as aforesaid to be given to Two or more of the Persons on whom the Right of executing this Act shall devolve, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act before mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act in Manner aforesaid, shall and may appoint a Clerk, and Assistant if necessary, for the Duties to be assessed by them in each District, who shall execute their Office according to the Regulations of this Act, and the Acts herein mentioned, respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, for any County at large within England (the County of Monmouth

England, except and the Dominion of Wales excepted), or in or for any of the Ridings of the County of York, or the Monmouth County or Divisions of Lincoln, or in or for the Cities of London or Westminster, unless such Person be seised or and Wales. possessed of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Great Britain, of the Value of Two hundred Pounds

ISeef. 15.] per jfnnum or more, of his own Estate, being Freehold, of, or Leafeliold for a Term whereof not lefts

than Seven Years are unexpired, over and above all Ground Rents, Incumbrances, and Reservations payable out of the same respectively; or unless such Person shall be possessed of Personal Estate of the Value of Five thousand Pounds; or of Personal Estate or an Interest therein producing an annual Income of Two hundred Pounds; or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and Personal Estate or an Interest therein being together of the Annual Value of Two hundred Pounds, estimating in every such Case One hundred Pounds Personal Estate as equivalent to Four Pounds pcY Annum, and an Interest from Personal Estate of Four Pounds per Annum, as equivalent to One hundred Pounds Personal Estate; or unless such Person be the eldest Son of some Person, who shall be seised or possessed of a like Estate of Thrice the Value or more, as is above required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in Right of his own Estate for such County at large, Riding, or Division.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner as last aforesaid, for the County of Monmouth, or for any County in Wales, or for any other City, Town, or Place, being a County of itself, or for the Liberty or Franchise of Ely, or for any Cinque Ports, unless such Person be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of Three Fifths of the Value as is herein required, for the Estate of a Commissioner acting for any County at large in England as aforesaid 5 nor for any other City,

being Counties. Borough, Cinque Port, Liberty, Town, or Place, not being a County of itself, nor for any of the Inns of

t cr me, c. Court> and jnns Of Chancery, or Liberty of the Rolls, unless such Person be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of One Half of the Value as herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner, acting for any County at large in England; or unless such Person be the eldest Son of some Person, who shall be seised or possessed of some Estate of Thrice the Value or more, as is above required as the Qualification of a Commissioner

m Right of his own Estate for the same County, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Liberty, Inn of Court, or

Chancery, Town, or Place.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person to be appointed as aforesaid shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in Execution of this Act, for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, who is not enfeoft In Superiority or Property, or possessed as Proprietor or Life Renter of Lands i: i Scotland, to the Extent of One hundred and fifty Pounds Scots per Annum, valued Rent; or unless such Person shall be possessed of Personal Estate of the Value of Three thousand Pounds; or of Personal Estate or an Interest therein producing an annual Income of One hundred and twenty Pounds Sterling; or be enfeoft or possessed as aforesaid of Lands and Personal Estate or an Interest therein being together of the annual Value of One hundred and twenty Pounds Sterling 5 estimating in every such Case One hundred Pounds Personal Estate as equivalent to Four Pounds per Annum, and an Interest from Personal Estate of Four Pounds per Annum as equivalent to One hundred Pounds Personal Estate; or unless he shall be the eldest Son of some Person who shall be enfeoft or possessed of a like Estate, of Twice the Value or more, as is required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in Right of his own Estate for inch Shire or Stewartry.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner as last aforesaid, for any City or Borough in Scotland, u?*.lefi> such Person be enfeoft or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of Three Fifths of the Value herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner acting for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland; or unless such Person be the eldest Son of some Person enfeoft or possessed of some Estate of Thrice the Value or more, as is above required, as the Qualification of a Commissioner in Right of his own Estate for the same City or Borough.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained '(h : ll be construed to require any Qualification of a Commissioner in the District of the Palaces of /; hit eh all and Saint James Wcflmi nfier, for any Officer-who shall have heretofore acted, or may hereafter ad as a Coir.missionrr for putting in Execution the said Land Tax Ad in the said District, othgr than the Possession of their respediv- Offices, nor in any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland for any Provost, Baillie, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, Mailer of the Merchants Company, or Deacon Convener of the Trades for the Time being of any Royal Burgh in Scotland, nor any Baillie for the Time being of any Borough of Regality or Barony in Scotland, nor the Fadors for the Time being

Qualification of Commissioners for Monmouth, Wale*, Ely, Cinque Ports, and Cities, &c. being Counties.

Qualification of Commissioners for Counties in Scotland.

Qualification of

Cummtflioners for Cities or B01 oughs in Scotland.

Proviso for certain Officers particularly authorised or named.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

c. 49. 385

being on the several forfeited Estates annexed to the Crown by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, who shall be respectively appointed Commissioners for executing the said Land Tax Acts in any Shire or Stewartry i* Scotland,

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than One Moiety of any Estate, confiding of Lands or Tenements, as the Qualification of a Commissioner, shall be required to be situate in the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, for which such Person shall be a Commissioner: Provided also, that the Proof of such Qualification shall lie on the Person acting in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as is directed in any Ad herein mentioned with respect to Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Land Tax Ad.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be deemed, by the Commissionera for the general Purposes of this Act to be expedient, that certain of the Powers herein contained should be executed by Commissioners other than the Penons to he chosen or appointed as aforesaid, such additional Commissioners shall be chosen by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act acting in the same District; for which Purpose the said Commissioners, being duly qualified as required by this Act, shall, with the Consent of the major Part of them assembled at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, let down in Writing Lists of the Names of such Persons residing within their respective Districts, as shall, in the Opinion of such Commissioners, be fit and proper Persons to act as such additional Commissioners, which Lifts shall contain the Names of so many of those Persons as the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, after taking into Consideration the Size of each District, and the Number of Persons to be assessed therein, think requisite for the due Execution of this Act 5 which Lifts being respectively signed by any Two or more of such Commissioners, shall be a sufficient Authority for such additional Commissioners, being respectively qualified as herein after is mentioned, and they are hereby authorized, to take upon themselves the Execution of this Act, according to the Provisions thereof: Provided always, that the Persons appointed to supply Vacancies in any District, may be chosen and ad as additional Commissioners, until their Services shall be required as Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Acts.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such additional Commissioner who shall not be seised or enfeoft, or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of Half the Value as is herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, in the same District, and who respectively are hereby authorized to name and appoint such additional Commissioners: Provided also, that where no additional Commissioners shall be named and appointed in any District, then and in such Case the Commissioners, appointed for the Purposes of this Act, shall execute the same in such District, in all Matters and Things authorized to be done by additional Commissioners by this Act.

Commissioner* of the

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if hi any City, Liberty, Franchise, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, for which separate Commissioners have been appointed to ad in Execution of the said Land Tax Ad, there shall not be found a sufficient Number of Persons qualified as directed by this Act to act as Commissioners for general Purposes, or as additional Commissioners, then and in such Case it shall be lawful to appoint as such Commissioners, or additional Commissioners, any Persons residing in such City, Liberty, Franchise, Cinque Port, Town, or Place, who shall be liable to be assessed under this Act for annual Profits, however arising, to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds, or upwards.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Year when a new Appointment of a Commissioner or Commissioners shall take! place, he and they shall execute the said Act and this Act as well with respect to Arrears of Duties assessed in any former Year under the said Act or this Act, as to the Assessments to be made in such Year in which they shall be appointed; and shall have the like Powers to levy and collect such Arrears as ttay have to assess, levy, and collect the Duties assessed by them; for all which Acts such Appointment shall be a sufficient Authority, subject to the Regulations of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things which may be done by any

Commissioners herein named, or authorised to be appointed as aforesaid, shall and may be done by any Two or more of them, or by the major Pail of such Commissioners where more than Two shall be present; and no Fee, Reward, Salary, Pay, or Compensation, shall be demanded, allowed, paid, or £aken by any such Commissioner on any Pretence whatever. '

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid shall have named such additional Commissioners, they shall cause Notice thereof in Writing, signed by Two or more of them, to be delivered by the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places where such additional Commissioners reside, with the Day of the First Meeting of the said additional Commissioners, and the Place of such Meeting, to be appointed by such Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and which shall not be later than Ten Days after the Date of such Notice; and the said respective Assessors shall, without Delay, cause the respective Persons so named to be summoned by Notice in Writing, either given petfonaliy, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to assemble at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of qualifying themselves to ad in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; and the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or any Two or more of them, shall administer the Oath or Affirmation to such additional Commissioners required by this Act to be taken by them, and shall then and there appoint a Day for the said additional Commissioners to bring in their Certificates of Assessment in the Manner herein directed; and the Clerk to the Commissioners in each District shall also be appointed Clerk to the additional Commissioners appointed for the same District, and shall attend the said additional Commissioners at their Meetings as iheir Clerk.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act, whenever in their Judgement the same shall be requisite, to divide such additional

45 Geo. III. 3 D Commissioners

25 G. z. c. 41.

A Moiety of ths Qualification i't Lind* niiy he in (lie County. Proof of Qualification.

Mode oft. hoofing additional Commissioneri. [See txn tini, Q'ta/r/ic in in, S2l.J

Qualioriri of additional C mi umiuin i s.

In 1c fault of n uning ad lifion I C ortmiillioners, Didrnfl mi/ act. For the S -of Commissioners in Ciries, See, not h iving Pcison* ^uaished.

Commissioners empowered to levy Arrears as well as Duties.

Two Commis-

fioners may a A. None to have Fee or Reward.

Additional Commissioners shall have Notice to take upon themselves the' Execution of this A«fl,

and shall be (wore,

[See i 226. Hhed. F] Commissioners Clerk shall attend additional Commissioners.

Additional Commissioners may be divided into Coni m if tees.

386 C. 49.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

N imiifr wf ad litio.ial Conimitfi >ners in each Committees DiOri& l"hal) not cxcci d Seven nor be less than Two.

A greater Number of Coramiflioriers for general Pur-pofrs may be chosen instead of additional Commit oners.

Part of them fha!| execu»e the Office of additional Commissioners;

or Commissionert shall divide themselvcj, so that Two may a: > as additional Commissioners; and their Number may be Supplied from any adjoining UiftruH.

Commissioners for general Purposes fh dl execute Matter* with respeil to the Duties ur.dt r all the Schedule*, except such as are curetted to be done by Special or other Commissioners.

Com miCioners &c. shall fur SpecialPurpofr*. Treasury may appoint Aiftstant Commissioners.

Tncir Powers.

[S<* f 370*[See /. 72O

Commissioners into distinct Committees, and to allot to each Committee distinct Parishe3, Wards, or Places, in which such Committee shall separately ad in the Execution of this Act: provided that the Meetings of such Committees shall be appointed at such Times as that the Clerk to such Commissioners may attend every Meeting.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for more than Seven Persons to ad together as additional Commissioners for the same District, not being formed into several Dirifions as aforesaid, nor any greater Number to ad together in the same Committee; and that where more than Seven Performs shall attend as such additional Commissioners at any Meeting, either for the Whole of any District or for any Division thereof, the Seven Persons first in their Order on the Lift signed by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act then present shall act, and the rest shall withdraw from such Meeting-: Provided also, that not Icfs than Two additional Commissioners shall be competent to form any Meeting either for any District or Division thereof, and that any Two of them, or the major Part of them then present, shall be competent to do any Ad authorized by this Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, whether they shall have been chosen as afo'*efatd, or drill ad by virtue of their Appointment of Commissioners for executing the said Land Tax Ad, to be expedient that a greater Number than Seven Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, possessing the Qualification required for such Commissioners, should be appointed for any District, instead of appointing Commissioners possessing only

the Qualification required for additional Commissioners as before mentioned, to

it shall be lawful for them

1 appoint such greater Number, not in any Case exceeding the Number of Seven, observing with gard to such Appointments the same Rules as in the first Appointment of Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, but nevertheless without adding thereto any Persons to supply their Vacancies; and in every Case of appointing such increased Number cf Commissioners for genenrl Purposes; ts aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their first Meeting after such Appointment, and they are hereby required to choose indifferently by Lot such Number of their own Body, not less than Three or more than Seven, to execute the Office veiled in additional Commissioners by this Act; and the Persons so chosen shall be additional Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers hereby vefled in additional Commissioners, and they are hereby required to execute this Act accordingly; and the remaining Commissioners not so chosen by Lot shall execute the Powers vested in the Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid: Provided that where no such additional Commissioners shall have been appointed specially to execute the Powers veiled in additional Commissioners, the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, whether chosen as aforesaid or not, shall divide themselves in such Manner that Two Commissioners at the lead shall be appointed to execute the Powers vested in additional Commissioners by this Act; and if in such Case there shall not be Two remaining Persons at lead qualified to act as Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid in such District, then and in such Case the Persons qualified to ad in the Execution of this Act as Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid in any adjoining District of the same County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, or such Number of them as shall be requisite, shall execute this Act and the Powers hereby vested in Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, in and for such first mentioned District.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, shall execute this Act in all Matters and Things relating to the Duties in Schedules marked (A.) and (B) of the said Act, except such Allowances in respect thereof as are directed to be made in Number Five of Schedule (A.) by other Commissioners for special Purposes as herein after mentioned; and also all Matters and Thinjjs relating to the Duties in Schedule (C.) of the said Act, except such of the Duties as are directed to be auefled, and also except the granting such Exemptions as are directed to be granted, by such Commissioners for special Purposes, or by other Commissioners herein after directed to ad in respect of any particular Description df Duties to be a fie fled under Schedule (C.) and also all Matters and Things relating to the Duties in Schedule (D.) of the said Act, except such Matters and Things as are directed to be done by the additional Commissioners or Persons acting as such; and the said Commissioners for general Purposes shall a'so execute this Act in all Matters and Things relating to the Duties in Schedule (E.) not executed by the Commissioners authorized to be appointed for tnofe Duties: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any Person chosen a Commissioner for general Purposes from acting as such by reason of his acting or haring acted as an additional Commissioner, except only as to such particular Assessments wherein he shall have acted as such additional Commissioner.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, together with such other Persons to be appointed as herein after mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the special Purposes of this Act: And it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successi rs, under the Royal .Sigu Manual, or the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, o: any Three or more them, for the Time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Sails, from Time to Time, to appoint such and so many other Persons not exceeding Three, to be Assistant Commissioners for such special Purposes, as he or they respectively shall think expedient; which said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes and Assistant Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall have full Authority to execute tire several Powers given by this Act to Commissioners for special Purposes, either in relation to the Allowances specified in Number Five, Schedule (A.] of this Act or in relation to the special Exemptions granted from the Duties mentioned in Schedule (C.) of this Act, or to the assessing such Perf ons who shall neglect to make a Return of the Profits on which the said last mentioned Duties arise, or who shall pay the said Duties into the Bank of England; and also in relation to the examining, auditing, checking, and clearing the Books and; Acc-units of Dividends delivered to the Inspector under the Authority of this Act, and the Certificates of Assessment and Exemptions transmitted by the respective Commissioners for general Purposes from their;

respective

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 49. 387

respective Districts, in respect of the said last mentioned Duties; and also shall have fall Authority to do any other Act, Matter, or Thing hereby directed or required to be done by Commissioners for special Purposes, to be appointed under this Act 5 and all Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in this Act for ascertaining the Amount of any Duty, Exemption, or Allowance mentioned in this Act, shall be used, practised, and put in Execution by the Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed, in ascertaining the Amount of Duty, or any Exemption or Allowance placed under the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Rtftrainton Commissioners so appointedor to be appointed, to alter any Assessment made by Commissioners in their respective such Powm., Districts, or any Exemption, Abatement, or Allowance which they may lawfully grant, or any Certificate thereof; nor for the said Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed to Summon any Person to be [examined before them; but all Enquiries by or before the Commissioners lo appointed or to be appointed shall be answered by Affidavit, to be taken before One or more of the Commissioners for general Purposes in their respective Districts, which such Commissioner or Commissioners is and are hereby authorized to take on Oath or Affirmation on unstamped Paper; and no such Affidavit shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and such Commissioners For special Purposes aforesaid shall have Authority to use, exercise, and apply all the Powers of this Act, as effectually as any other Commissioners are hereby authorised to use, exercise, or apply the fame, so far as the same Powers relate to the Jurisdiction given to such Commissioners; and the said Assistant Commissioners, not exceeding Three as aforesaid, shall and may be allowed such Salary for their Pains and Trouble, and such incidental Expences as the said Lords Commissioners now or for the Time being, or the said Lord High Treasurer. shall direct to be paid to them.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Company of the Bank of Governors artd England, in respect of the Annuities payable to the said Company, at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly Dircdon of the Called Bank Stock; the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

in respect of the Annuities payable to the said Company at the said Receipt, commonly called East India Stock; companies, Ifcall

and the Governors and Directors of the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas in respect of be C. mmission-

Annuities payable to the said Company at the said Receipt, commonly called South Sea Stotk; or any Three or «rs for charging

more of them respectively, shall respectively be Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act, so far as ihc Duty on

Yrespects the Duty on such Annuities, and the Profits attached to the fame, and divided amongst the Several roTcUaicStocks.

Proprietors; and shall respectively have Authority as such Commissioners to exercise all the Powers of this Act

in relation to the Duty to be charged on such Annuities and Profits attached to the fame; but nevertheless

Separate and distinct from the Amounts of any other annual Profits and Gains in respect of the Trade and

Commerce or Business of such Companies respectively, over and above such Dividends and Profits attached

thereto, and divided as aforesaid; and the proper Officers or Persons employed in the Payment of Dividends on such Annuities and Profits attached thereto, and divided as aforesaid, are respectively hereby authorized to

retain and deduct out of such Dividends and Profits, a proportionate Part in respect of the Duty so assessed,

except in such Cases where a Certificate of Exemption or Abatement shall have been granted to the Party

entitled to any such Dividends or Profits, in which Cases the Excess of the Duty so assessed, over and above

the Sum allowed by such Certificate and no more, shall be so retained and deducted; and such Officer and

Person aforesaid, and all others employed on Behalf of the said Companies, and the Governors and Directors

thereof respectively, is and are hereby indemnified from such Deductions; and the Persons demanding such

Dividends or Profits are hereby required to allow such Deductions on the Receipt of the Residue of such

Dividends or Profits, and shall give Acquittances for the same as if the Whole of the said Dividends and Profits

bad been paid to them respectively; and such Commissioners shall have Authority to use, exercise, and apply all

the Powers of this Act, as effectually as any other Commissioners are hereby authorised to use, exercise, or apply

the same so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned Duties.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the same Persons who shall act as Commissioners as aforesaid, in Bank Directi n respect of the Annuities payable to the Company of the Bank of England\ shall also have Authority to assess fh«U al(b l»e the said Company fer and in respect of all and every the Profits of the said Company chargeable by this Act, Commissioners under the Rules of Schedule (D.) making such Deductions thereout, and no other, as by this Act is allowed;

and the said Governor and Company shall pay the Sum assessed into His Majesty's Receipt of the Exchequer, sd^ouic (D.) and no other Commissioners shall interfere in the Assessments of Profits belonging to the said Company.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionen lor general Purposes as aforesaid, may CommissioniT# appoint Assessors and Collectors for such of the Duties by this Act granted, as shall be assessed by the said Commissioners respectively, in like Manner as Assessors and Collectors may be appointed under the said recited Cjllc&ors.

Acts respectively; and where they shall appoint the same Persons to he Assessors and Collectors of the said

Duties as shall h*ive been appointed to execute the said recited Acts respectively, they shall cauft Notice to be given to them, that they are also appointed Assessors or Collectors of the said- Duties to be .assessed by such Commissioners respectively.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner? acting in the Execution of Canmissioners the said recited Act and this Act for the Time being, or any Two or more of them respectively, and they rosy charge and are hereby required to cause the Duties granted by the said recited Act, which at any Time after the Fifth Day

of April One thousand eight hundred and five, shall not have been charged within the Year for which the said in the Duties ought to be charged, or lehich having been charged shall then be in Arrear and unsatisfied, to be charged, prol)cr after' raised, assessed, re-assessed, levied, ascertained, collected, and accounted for, as fully and effectually as any 5th April 1805. Commissioners appointed by the (Said recited Act might have done in that Behalf, and as if the said Duties had severally accrued or been charged after the passing of this Act 5 and the said Assessors, Collectors, and Receivers, and others acting in the Execution of this Act, shall assess, re-assess, levy, receive, and answer the said several Duties and Arrears of Duties, by the same Ways and Means, and in the same Manner and under the like

3 D 2 Penalties

1

388

Inspe^rrs and Surveyors of Houfrs and Windows fh til act in tl»f Execution of (his Act.

Commissioner*, Assessor*, & c. shall t.ike Uk* rspective Oaths in Schedule (F.)

[r.*«.]

Penalty on acting without taking Oath, tool.

Clerk and Clerk Atfiitanr shall act under Corr.miffiunerb, &c.

only One Aflifl-anr, except l.y Consent of Tax Ollice. Recited Duties in Schedule (A.) and Rules, deeim d Pa: t of this Act.

Annual V.»luc shall be ascertained by this Rule, except as afrer dated.

C(ttain Properties charged on the Profits.

Tythes in Kind.

Ereleliaflical

Duel.

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Penahte8 a§ are directed or appointed by this Act, with respect to the Duties to accrue and to be chafged after the passing of this Act; and the Monies so received by the said Collectors, or others, for any such Duties or Arrears, shall be paid and accounted for in like Manner.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Inspectors and Surveyors appointed or to be appointed for the Duties on Houses and Windows, and other Taxes charged by Assessment, shall be Inspectors and Surveyors of the Duties granted by the said recited Act; and the said respective Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, or any Two or more of them, and the said respective additional Commissioners acting in the Exrcution of this Act, or any Two or more of them, and the said Assessors and Collectors to be appointed as herein mentioned, and the said Inspectors and Surveyors, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the several Duties granted by the said recited Act, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner as any Commissioners, Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, or Inspectors, or any of them, are or is authorized to put in Execution the said recited Acts, or any Matters or Things therein contained, as well with respect to all Acts, Matters, and Tilings to be done by, under, or before the said respective additional Commissioners, or by, under, or before the respective Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, in their respective Districts or Departments, as by, under, and before the Commissioners hereby authorized to be appointed for special Purposes as herein after mentioned.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner or additional Commissioner, or an Assessor, Collector, Inspector, or Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, and every Person to be appointed a Clerk or Clerk's Assistant to the said respective Commissioners, before he shall begin to act therein, 10 far as the same relates to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) or to such other Duties as are directed to be charged under the same Provisions and Regulations, shall take the Oath and Oaths, or, being of the People called Quakers, the solemn Affirmation or Affirmations prescribed by this Act, and contained in the Schedule marked (F.) hereunto annexed, applicable to such Officers respectively, which Oath and Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, any One of the Persons appointed a Commissioner either for general Purposes as aforesaid, or an additional Commissioner, is hereby authorized to administer, (except that every such Oath or Affirmation so to be administered to any Commissioner for general Purposes as aforesaid, or to an additional Commissioner, shall be administered by a Commissioner for such general Purposes, and not-otherwise), and which Oath or Affirmation so taken, shall be subscribed by the Party taking the fame; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner in relation to the Duties in Schedule (D.) except in administering the Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations herein mentioned, or as a Clerk or Clerk's Assistant, or an Assessor, Collector, Inspector, or Surveyor, before he shall have taken the Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, herein required to be taken by such Officers respectively, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said recited Acts respectively: Provided that the Appointment of a Clerk, and any Assistant or Assistants to such Clerk, whenever the same shall be necessary, shall be vested in the Commissioners for general Purposes, and such Clerk* and Assistants shall act as such, as well in all Matters and Things to be done by, under, and before the respective Commissioners for general Purposes, as by, under, and before the respective additional Commissioners in the respective Districts: Provided that no more than One Clerk Assistant shall be appointed for any District, without the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, on a Statement made to them by the Commissioners kfor general Purposes, stating the Necessity thereof in Consideration of the Extent or Population of the District.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties contained in the Schedule marked (A.) as herein recited, shall be assessed and charged under the following Rules; which Rules shall be deemed and construed to be a Part of this Act, and to refer to the said Duty, as if the same had been inserted herein under a special Enaftnient:

No. I.

SCHEDULE (A.)

General Rule for charging and assessing the Duties under Schedule (A.) of the said recited Act.

The AnnuahValue of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, charged under Schedule (A.) of the said recited Act, shall be understood to be the Rent by the Year at which the same are let at Rack Rent, if the Amount of such Rent shall have been fixed within the Period of Seven Years preceding the Fifth Day of ykpril next before the Time of making the Assessment; but if the same are not so let at Rack Rent, then at the Rack Rent at which the same are worth to be let by the Year; and the Duties thereon shall be charged annually on and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages 5 which Rule shall be construed to extend to all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Heritages, of whatever Nature, and for whatever Purpose occupied, and of whatever Value, except the Properties mentioned in Number II. of this Schedule.

No. II. Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, chargeable under Schedule (A.) which are not

to be charged according to the preceding Rule.

The Annual Value of all the Properties herein after described, shall be understood to be the full Amount for One Year, or the Average Amount for One Year of the Profits received Jtherefrom, within the respective Times herein limited.

First. — Of all Tythes if taken in Kind, on an Average of Three preceding Years.

Second. - Of all Dues and Money Payments in lieu of any Tythes (not being Tythes arising from Lands) and on all Tcinds in Scotland, on the like Average.

The said Duty in each Case to be charged on the Rector or Vicar, or other Person entitled to such Tythes or Payments.

*6 Third.

A.D. 1805.s»GE: ORGII III. C. 49.

Third. — Of all Tythes arising from Lands, if compounded for, and of all Rents and other Money Payments in lieu of Tythes arising from Lands, on the Amount of such Composition, Rent, or Payment, for One Year preceding, to be charged on the Occupiers of such Lands reflectively.

Fourth. — >Of Quarries or Stone, Slate, Limestone, or Chalk, on the Amount of Profits in the preceding Year.

Fifth. — Of Mines of Coal, Tin, Lead, Copper, Mundie, Iron, and other Mines, on an Average of Five Years, subject to the Provisions contained in this Act.

Sixth. — Of Iron Works, Salt Springs or Works, Alum Mines or Works, Watenvorks, Streams of Water, Canals, Inland Navigations, Docks, and Fishings, Rights of Markets and Fairs, Tolls, Ways, Bridges, and Ferries, on the Profits of the Year preceding.

The Duty in each of the Three foregoing Rules to be charged on the Person or Persons, Corporations or Companies, carrying on the Concern, and exclusively of Lands and Buildings of every Description used or occupied in or concerning the same.

Seventh. — Of Manors and other Royalties, including all Dues and other Services, or other casual Profits (not being Rents or other Annual Payments refeiwed or charged) on an Average of Seven preceding Years, to be charged on the Lord or Lady of such Manor or Royalty, or Person renting the same.

Eighth. — Of Fines received in Consideration of a Demise or Demises of Lands or Tenements (net being Parcel of a Manor or Royalty demifable by the Custom thereof) on the Amount so'received within the Year preceding, by or on Account of the Party or Parties; provided that in case the said Party or Parties shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for general Purposes in the District, that such Fines, or any Part thereof, have been applied as productive Capital, on which a Profit has arisen or will arise, otherwise chargeable, under this and the said recited Act, for the Year in which the Assessment shall be made, k shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to discharge the Amount so applied from the Profits liable to Assessment under this Rule.

Ninth. — Of all other Profits arising from Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, nof in the actual Possession and Occupation of the Party to be charged, or not before enumerated, on a fair and just Average of such Number of Years as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall, on the Statement of the Party to be charged, judge proper, (except such Profits as may be liable to Deduction in pursuance of the Ninth or Tenth Rules in Number III. herein after mentioned), to be charged on the Receivers of such Profits.

No. III. Rules and Regulations respecting the said Duties.

First. — All Properties chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (A.) shall be charged in the Parish or Place where the same are situate, and not elsewhere.

Provided that the Profits arising from Canals, Inland Navigations, or Streams of Water, or from any Roads or Ways of a publick Nature, and belonging to or vested in any Company of Proprietors or Trustees, whether Corporate or not Corporate, maybe stated m one Account, and charged in the City, Town, or Place, at or nearest to the Place where the general Accounts shall have been usually made up; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Proprietors, or Trustees, having paid the Duties so chargeable, to dedud a just Proportion thereof from the interest payable to the Creditors of the said Canals, Navigations, or Roads, or to pay such Interest in full without making any such Deduction, and they shall not be liable thereupon to the Penalty herein after contained. 1

Provided also, that the Profits arising from any Manor or Royalty as aforesaid, which shall extend into different Parishes, may be assessed in one Account in the Parish where the Court for such Manoi; or Royalty shall have been usually held: Provided also, that the Profits arising from all Fines received by the same Person, Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, may be assessed in one Account where the Person or Persons to be charged under the Regulations of this Act shall reside.

Second. — All Lands occupied by the same Person, shall be brought into each Account required to be delivered hv such Person, whether the lame shall be occupied by such Person as Owner or Tenant, or as Tenant under distinct Owners, or shall be situate in the same or in different Parishes or Districts; but the Charge thereon shall be in each Parish or District, in proportion to the Value of the Property situate therein; of which Proportions the Occupier or Occupiers shall be required to deliver an Account in each Parish; and afeparate Account shall be given of Lands in the same Occupation belonging to distinct Owners.

Provided always, that Lands held under the same Demise, or in the Occupation of the same Person as Owner, although situate in different Parishes, may be charged in either Parish, at the Discretion of the respective Commissioners, if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Proportion in each Parish, either in respect of Quantity, Rent, or Value of the said Lands, cannot be ascertained, and the Whole of the said Lands shall be chargeable under the same Commissioners.

Third. — For any Dwelling House which, with the Buildings or Offices belonging thereto, shall be under the annual Value of Ten Pounds, in the Occupation of a Tenant, the Assessment thereupon may, if the Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit, be made on the Landlord, but so as not to impeach the Remedy of Recovery of the Duty from the Occupier in Default of Payment by the Landlord.

Fourth. — If any Mine enumerated in the Fifth Rule, No. II. of this Schedule, has, from some unavoidable Cause, been decreased, and is decreasing in the annual Value thereof, so that the Average of Five Years will not give a fair and just Estimate of the annual Value thereof, it shall be lawful, after due Proof before the Commissioners for general Purposes in the District where such Mine shall be situate, to compute such annual Value on the actual Amount of such Profits and Gains in the preceding Year ending as aforesaid, subject to such Abatement on Account of Diminution -of Duty within the current Year as is herein provided in other Cases.

Fifth.

3S9

Tythes compounded.

Qu.mie*.

Mines.

Iron Works, &c.

Manors.

Fines.

Other Profirs from Laud,

To he charged in the P.mfli.

Except Canals \md Koaus.

Manors.

LimJs in the same Occupation shall be charge d .'rcording to the Parishes.

Lands in different Pariftus may be charged in either.

Houses under fol. charged on Landlords.

Mines failing.

39° C. 49.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Duties may be asceruined according to Length of Possessioru

Occupier may recover from Landlord according to the Rate, by deducing the Duty out of the Rent.

Mine* failed. Fifth. — If any such Mine shall, from some unavoidable Cause, hdve wholly failed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on due Proof thereof, wholly to discharge any Assessment made thereon.

Sixth. — If in charging any of the Properties enumerated in the Rules under No. II. as before mentioned, it shall appear, that the Account required by the said Rules, or any of them, cannot be made out, by Reason of the Possession or Intercll of the Party to be charged thereon, having commenced within the Time for which the Account is directed to be made out, it shall be lawful for the said Party or Parties, and all Persons concerned in executing this Act, to estimate the Profits of One Year in proportion to the Time elapsed fmee the Commencement of such Possession of Interest.

House* occupied Seventh. — The Duty to be charged under this Schedule, in respedr of any House or Tenement occupied by any by Foreign accredited MinisterYrom any foreign Prince or State, shall be charged and paid by the Landlord or Person

Mimftcri. immediately entitled to the Rent of the said House or Tenement.

Official House*. Eighth. — The said Duty to be charged, in respect of any House, Tenement, or Apartment, belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, in the Occupation of any Officer of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Right of his Office or otherwise, (except Apartments in His Majesty's Royal Palaces), shall be charged on and paid by the Occupier of such House, Tenement, or Apartment, upon the annual Value of each House, Tenement, or Apartment so occupied.

Ninth.-^The Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, being respectively Tenants of the fame, and paying the said Duties, shall dedu& so much thereof as a Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Rent payable to the Landlord or Landlords for the Time being, would, by a just Proportion, amount unto, which Sums shall be deducted out of the First Payments thereafter to be made on Account of Rent; and the Receivers of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all Landlords, both mediate and immediate, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to their respective Interests, and their respective Receivers or Agents shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of the Rents under the Penalty herein contained; and the Tenants paying the said Assessments shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money, as if the same had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to or for whom his or their Rent shall have been due and payable; and the Occupier or Occupiers of Lands charged on the Amount of any Composition, Rent, or Payment for Tithes arising therefrom, and paying the said Duties, shall be entitled to make the like Deductions from such Composition, Rent, or Payment, on paying the same.

Tenth. — Where any such Dwelling Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are subject or liable to the Payment of any Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Rent, Feu Duty, Teir.d Duty, Stipends to licensed Curates, or other Rent or annual Payment thereupon referred or charged, the Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors, by whom any Deductions or Payments shall have been allowed as aforesaid, and the Landlords, Owners, and Proprietors being respectively Occupiers, and charged to the said Duties, shall abate and dedu&, and detain and keep in their Hands out of every such Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Rent, Feu Duty, Teind Duty, StipCTid, or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid, so much of the said Duties or Payments on Account of the fame, as a like Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings on such Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Rent, Feu Duty, any Teind Duty, or Stipend, or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid respectively, shall, by a just Proportion; amount unto, and the Receivers of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and all and every Person and Persons, who are or shall be anyways entitled unto such Rents, Duties, Stipends, or annual Payments, their Receivers, Deputies, or Agents, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, according to such Rates, upon the Receipt of the Residue of, such Monies as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents, Duties, or annual Payments, without any Fee or Charge for such Allowance, and under the Penalty herein contained; and the Landlord, Owner, Proprietor, and Occupier respectively, being charged as aforesaid, or having allowed such Deductions or Payments, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the Deductions or Payments shall amount unto or for, as if the same had actually been paid unto such Person or Persons to whom such Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Kent, Feu Duty, Teind Duty, Stipend, or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid, shall have been due and payable.

Eleventh. — Where any Mortgagee, c* Creditor in any Heritable Bond or Wracifet, shall be in the Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments mortgaged or secured, such Mortgagee or Creditor shall be chargeable; ts Occupier when in the actual Occupation of the fame; and when not in the actual Occupation of the fame, shall be liable to such Deductions as any other Landlord would be; and upon the Settlement of Accounts between such Mortgagee or other Creditor as aforesaid, and the Mortgagor or Debtor, the Duty payable in respect of the Amount of the Interest payable upon such Mortgage or other Debt as aforesaid, shall be taken and allowed as so much Money received by such Mortgagee or other Creditor as aforesaid, on Account of such Interest.

Twelfth. — Where any Houses, Lands, or Tenements, shall be occupied by the Owner at the Time the Assessment under this Act shall be made, who shall die within the Year, the Heirs, Executors, ' A dmini* strators, or Assigns, or other Person or Persons who on such Death become entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, shall be liable to the Payment of all Arrears of the said Duty due at the Time of such Death, and to all subsequent Instalments for that Year, according to their respective Interests, without any new Assessment.

DiQin& Property Thirteenth. — Where any House shall be divided into distinCI Properties, and occupied by distinct Owners or in Houses rhaii their respective Tenants, such Properties shall be charged distinct on the respective Occupiers. be chacged distinctly;

No. IV.

Landlords, Set, may recover from others, having Interest at the like Rate, r. 193.]

Mortgaged in Possession liable,

Owner dying, the Duty shall be p .id by Executors, &c.

A.D. 1805. 450 GEORGII , III., C. 49. 391

No. IV. ! Particular Deductions from Schedule (A.)

Firfh — For every Duelling House, not chargeable to the Duty contained in Schedule (B.) in respect of the Deductions for, Occupation thereof, except where a Tenant shall be bound to the Repairs thereof, or any Part thereof, RcP*ir»-there shall be dtfduded on Account of incidental Repairs of such Dwelling House, a Sum not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum on such Amount; and for every Dwelling House and other Buildings, on a Farm of Lands, Tythes, or Teinds chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (B.) in respect of the Occupation thereof, except where a Tenant shall be bound to the Repairs thereof, or any Part thereof, there shall be deducted on Account of incidental Repairs, out of the Duties in Schedule (A.) a Sum not exceeding the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum on such Amount.

Second. — For the Amount of the Tenths, and First Fruits, Duties, and Fees on Presentations, paid by any Tenths, Sec.

EcclesiastL al Person within the Year preceding that in which the Assessment shall be made:

Third. — For Procurations and Synodals paid by Ecclesiastical Persons, on an Average of Seven Years preceding Procurations, &c.

that in which the Assessment shall be made;

Fourth. — For Repairs of Collegiate Churches and Chapels, and Chancels of Churches, by any Ecclesiastical Repairs of Body, Rector, Vicar, or othof Person bound to repair the fame, on ^an Average of Twenty-one Years preceding Chancels, Sec. as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto as can- be produced:

Fifth. — For the Amount charged on Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, towards an Aid Dedo&ions for granted by an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Land Tax under A3 for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a I and Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of 3^ G. 3. c. 5. the Year One thousand[even hundred and ninety-eight, where the Charge thereon shall not have been redeemed;

Sixth — For the Amount charged on Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, by a publick Rate or For Drainage, Assessment, in respect of draining, fencing, or embanking the fame: ^c*

In all which Cafe3 there shall be allowed and deducted out of the Assessment to be made thereon in reaped of the Property, unless such Payments, or any Part thereof, shall be made by a Tenant or Tenants, such Sum of Money as a like Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings 01 the Sums paid would, by a just Proportion, amount unto.

Provided always, That the Allowances to be granted in pursuance of the Second, Third, or Fourth Cases, How Allowance* may be granted to the Ecclesiastical Body, Rector, or other Vicar, liable to the Charges therein mentioned, in to Ecclesiastical one Sum, and in the same Manner as Allowances are to be granted in respect of Income, either by deducing Bodies, &c. the same from the Assessment upon them, (if any, ) or by Certificate; and such Allowances shall be classed as bc made-Allowances in respect of Iricome.

No. V. — Allowances to be made in respect of the Taid Duties in Schedule (A.}

For the Duties charged on any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, or the Offices, Exemption* for Grardens, Walks, and Grounds, for Recreation, repaired and maintained by the Funds of such College or Colleges and Hall, and for the necessary Repairs thereof s HalU. [See a. todritish f. 17a.]

Or on the Scitc of every Hospital, or publick School, or Alms House, or the Offices, Gardens, Walks, and Hospitals, See* Grounds, for Recreation of the Hospitallers, Scholars, and Alms Men, repaired and maintained by the Funds of such Hospital, School, or Alms House, and for necessary Repairs thereof; Rent* of

Or on the Rents and Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to any Hospital, Hofpdahanrf publick School, or Alms House, or vested in Trustees for charitable Purposes: Chanty Landt.

The said Allowances to be grafted, on Proof, before the Commissioners to be appointed for special Purposes, On Proof of duc* under the Authority of this Act, of the due Application of the said Rents and Profits to charitable Purposes Application only, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable Purposes only: before Special Commissioners. [Scr f. 30.].

The said Allowances to be claimed and proved by any Steward, Agent, or Fador, acting for such College, How such Hall, School Hospital, or Alms House, or other Trust for charitable Purposes, or by any Trullee of the Allowance* toall fame, by Affidavit, to be taken before any Commissioner for executipg this Act, in the District, dating the e c aime9c* Amount of the Duties chargeable and the Application thereof; and to be carried into Efied by the Commissioners for special Purposes to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and according to the Powers*'

veiled in such Commissioners, without vacating, altering, or impeaching the Assessment to be made, under this Act, on or in respect of such Properties; which Assessments shall be in force, and levied notwithstanding such Allowances

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That the Duty contained in the Schedule marked (B.) as herein recited, shall be assessed and charged umier the following Rules, which Rules shall be deemed ana construed to '

be a Part of this Act, and to refer t^he said last mentioned Duty, as if the same had been inserted herein darned Part of under a special Enactment., thi*Act.

SCHEDULE (B.)

The Duty contained in Schedule (B.) as herein recited, shall be charged in Addition to the Duties contained in Schedule (A.) and shall be Vonftrued to extend to all the Properties, in this Act diredod to be charged to the said Duty according to the general Rule in No.l, Schedule (A.) before mentioned, (except a Dwelling House, add the domedick Offices thereunto belonging, and which Dwelling House and Offices shall not be occupied with a Farm of Lands, for the Purpose of farming such Lands, or with a Farm of Tythes for the Purpose of farming the fame); provided that in all Cases where Lands are not subject to Tythes or Teinds, or to any Modus or Composition Real in lieu thereof there shall be deduded out of the Duties contained in this Schedule, a Sum not exceeding One Eighth Part thereof; and in all Cases where Lands are subject to a Modus or Composition Real, there shall be deduded out of such Duties so much thereof as, together'2# with

To be charged in Addition to Schedule (A)on the same Properties, exc pt for D* e ling House* dirtin£t from Farms and Tythes. One-Eighth to

392

he deduced from Rent of Tyiiit-f»cc Lands.

LfflVcs and Occupiers of Tythes to pay

To be paid by the Occupier.

Who deemed

Occupiers. AiTelfnicnuVia'| he in force for Oi»e Year.

How paid on Change of Occupation.

Money Payments, by Land lord on Recount of OiCupifr, shall he deducted from the Rent.

Money Payments by Tenant on Account of Landlord, shalt be added' to ti e Rent. '

How Rent

according to Pi ice ot Corn or Graim, shall be ascertained.

How Rent

according to Produce, shall be ascertained.

In SccrUfJ the Kllimate to be made according to the gent ral Rule.

Hotice shall be

g.vf.) lu

Occupier, to return the Value.

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

with the like Rate on such Modus or Composition Real, shall not exceed One Eighth Part of such Duties as aforesaid: Provided also, That any Person being Lessee and Occupier of Tythes or Teinds, other than the Occupier of the Lands from whence such Tythes or Teinds shall arise, shall be charged in respect of the Occupation, at the Rate of Three -pence for every Twenty Shillings of the Annual Value - thereof, estimated as aforesaid.

3d. for ios. 4

No. VI. — Rules for charging the said last mentioned Duties'

First. — The said last mentioned Duties shall be estimated according to the general Rule contained in Schedule (A.), and shall be charged annually on and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and A (Tigris.

Second. — Every Person having the Use of any Lands or Tenements, shall be taken and considered, for the Purposes of this Act, as the Occupier of such Lands or Tenements.

Third — The said last mentioned Duties shall, on each Assessment thereof, be in force for One Year, and shall be levied on the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, without, any new Assessment for that Year, notwithstanding any Change in the Occupation thereof; provided every Tenant on quitting the Occupation shall be liable for the Arrears at the Time of so quitting, and for such further Portion of Time as shall then have elapsed, to be settled and levied by the respective Commissioners, and repaid to the Occupier or Occupiers by whom the same shall have been paid; and the Executors or Administrators of any Tenant who shall die before the End of such Year shall be liable in like Manner as the Testator or Intestate would have been if living at the Time of quitting such Occupation; Provided also, that every Tenant quitting before the Time of making the Assessment, shall be liable for such Portion of the Year as shall have elapsed at the Time of his so quitting, to be adjusted and settled by the respective Commissioners.

No. VII. — Rules for estimating the annual Value of Properties before described in Schedules (A.) and (B.)

or either of them.

First. — Where any Landlord shall be subject to any Covenant or Agreement to pay and satisfy out of the Rent reserved on any Lands or Tenements, all or any Parochial Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, which by Law are a Charge on the Occupier, or any Rent or other annual Payment to be made in lieu of Tythes or Teinds, or any Composition for Tythes or Teinds, then and in every such Case the Rent shall be estimated for the Purposes of this Act, exclusive of such Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, or of such Rent or Payment in lieu of Tythes or Teinds, or Compositions for Tythes or Teinds, to be computed on the Amount thereof bund Jide paid by such Landlord, in and for the Year preceding the Year of Assessment.

Second. — Where any Tenant of Lands or Tenements shall be subject to any Covenant or Agreement to pay and satisfy all or any Aids, Taxes, Rates, or Assessments by Law chargeable on or payable by the Landlord or Landlords, then and in such Case the Amount thereof which shall have been bond Jide paid by such Tenant in and for the Year preceding the Year of Assessment, shall, in making the Estimate for the Purpose of charging the Duty in respect of Occupation, be added to the Rent, reserved, in case the same shall have been let within the Period of Seven preceding Years, and if not so let, the Estimate shall be made according to the general Rule in Schedule (A.J without Regard to such Payments.

Third. — Where the Amount ot Rent of Lands reserved in Money shall depend, in the Whole or in Part, on - the Price of Corn or Grain, the Estimate for the Purposes aforesaid shall be made on the Amount, payable according to the average Prices or Fiars fixed in the Year preceding the Year of Assessment, and in the same Manner by which such Rents have usually been ascertained between the Landlords and Tenants; but where a Whole or Part of the Rent shall be reserved in Corn or Grain, then the said Estimate shall be made on the like average Price or Fiar, computed on the Quantity delivered in the Year of Assessment; or where such Computation cannot be made, the Estimate aforesaid may be made on the annual Value of such Lands, estimated according to the said general Rule as the Case may require.

Fourth. — Where the Amount of Rent reserved on Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, shall depend oiu the actual Produce thereof, either in respect of the Price or Quantity of such Produce, the Estimate for the Purposes of charging the Duties in Schedule (A.) shall be made on the Amount or Value of such Produce in the Year preceding the Year of Assessment, according to the Prices fixed, and according to the Quantity produced in the Year of Assessment, by the same Rules and in the same Manner by which such Rents have usually been ascertained between the Proprietors and their Lessees or Tenants.

Fifth. — Every Estimate of such Property in Scotland shall be made without Reference to the Cess or Tax Roll, or valued Rents heretofore used in Scotland, or any Stent thereon, and shall be made according to the general Rule contained in the Schedule (A.) to the bel of the Belief and Judgement of the Commissioners, Anessors, and others employed in charging the said several Duties.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Assessor or Assessors of every Parish, Ward, or Place in Great Britain, and he and they is and are hereby required to give to or leave Notice in Writing with every Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, to be charged under either of the said Schedules marked (A.) or (B.) situate within the District of such Assessor or Assessors, and every other Person or Persons possessing or entitled to the Profits of any Property before described, situate as aforesaid, his or their Agents or Factors, or at the last or usual Place of Abode of them or any of them, or on the Premises to be charged with the said Assessment, requiring hirrf, her, or them, to prepare and produce to the said Assessqr or Assessors, within Twenty-one Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, an Account in Writing, in such Formas shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, of the annual Value of such Property, estimated according to this Act, and as the Case mav require; and upon every Account so delivered, it shall be lawful for the said Assessbr or Aflelfors to make an feftimate of the said Property on the Amount of

45° GEORGII III.

C. 49.

393

On Poor K*te, if Inal i % rakd oa lufl Value.

Oj inrrcaffd to full Value if made un proper* donate Suiiu*

If in different Proportions, the Rate fur L<act shall be rive G uide.

Whe^e the Proportion* of Poor Rate are not known, Li!in.are shall be made un Rack. Rent, Sec.

die Sum ascertained by such Account, if the said Assessor or Assessors shall be satisfied with such Amount; Or in default,

but if the said Assessor or Assessors shall not be satisfied therewith, or if do such Account shall have been Act (Lr may

Returned, or if the Occupier or Occupiers, or other Persons aforesaid, shall not be resident within the Limits tftimare the

of the District of such Assessor or Assessors, then the said Assessor or Assessors shall make an Estimate to the

boft of his or their Judgement, of the annual Value of the said Property of which no sufficient Account shall Y^cra c*'

have been delivered; and in so doing it shall be lawful for stich Assessor or Assessors, and he and they, in every

Case relating to Lands or Tenements to be estimated according to the said general Rule, where the annual

Value thereof cannot be otherwise ascertained, is and are hereby required to make such Estimate according to

the following Rules; videlicet,

No. VIII.

First. — Where the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in any Parish or Place shall be made throughout by a Pound Rate on the annual Value, as the same would be estimated according to Schedule (A.), the Estimate thereon to be made under this Act shall be made on the same Stuns respectively as in such Rate.

Second. — Where the said Rate shall be made throughout by such Pound Rate, or any proportionate Part of the annual Value as aforesaid, the Proportion thereof shall be observed as in the said Rate, but the Estimate thereon to be made tinder this Act shall be made at the same Sums respectively as they would have been estimated at if the said Rate had been made on the full Amount of such annual Value.

Third.--Where Properties of different Kinds shall be rated in the said Rate, according to different Proportions of the Value thereof as aforesaid, or shall be rated therein at different Rates of such Value, but nevertheless the Properties of the same Kind shall be rated in a due Proportion to each other, both as to the Value and Rate ot Charge, in every such Case the Rule of rating Lands both as to the Value and the Rate of Charge, shall, in making the Estimate under this Act, be observed throughout, as well with respect to such Lands as to the other Properties therein rated, so far as relates to such Rates as mall be made either on the full Value of the Properties, or on any proportionate Part thereof.

Fourth. — In all Cases not falling within the Three last preceding Rules, but nevertheless where the Properties shall appear to the Assessors to be rated in the said Rate, in the same Proportion to each other, though the Proportion of such Rate to the Value of the Property rated be* not known, and the Assessors are able to ascertain the Rack Rent of any Property which shall have been so let within the Period of Seven Years preceding, within the Limits of the Parish or Place where the said Assessors shall act, they shall make an Estimate of such Property on the Amount of such Rent, and the Estimate so made shall form the Basis on which the Estimates 01 other Properties, of which the Rack Rent shall not have been so ascertained, shall be made; and they shall malt e their Estimates of all other Property in Sums bearing the same Proportion,

as near as the same can be computed, to the Amount of such first Estimate, as the Sums at which such other Property is valued at in such Rate bear to the Sum charged in the said Rate on the said Property first estimated 5 and in Cases where the same Rule of Proportion shall not have been observed in raring different Kinds of Property, then the Assessors shall make an Estimate, as above directed, upon each of such Kinds of Property, for the Purpose of forming a Bafts on which the Estimates of other Properties of the same Kind may be made.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Messuage or Tenement, together with the Offices, Gardens, and Lands occupied therewith, or any Lands separately occupied, shall be under the annual Value of Ten Pounds, and the Assessor or Assessors shall be able to estimate the said Value, either by the Rules before mentioned, or from his or their own Knowledge, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make an Estimate of such Property accordingly, to the best of his or their Judgement, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, unless the Surveyor or Inspector shall object to such Estimate, and shall require stich Notice to be delivered.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant at Rack Rent shall produce to the Assessor or Assessors the Lease or Agreement, if in Writing, under which he or she holds any Premises, to be charged as aforesaid according to the general Rule, and in case it shall appear by such Lease or Agreement that the same shall have been let within the Period of Seven preceding Years, and no other Consideration in Money than the Rent reserved shall be contained in such Lease or Agreement, it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make their Estimate according to such Rent, any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 but such Assessment shall not be binding in case it shall appear to the Commissioners, that the said Lease or Agreement doth not express the full Consideration for the Demise, or the Rent bondJide paid for the same, or is made in any other Respect with Intent to conceal the annual Value of such Premises, or to diminish the Estimate to be made thereon; Provided always, that regard shall be had to the Cases before-mentioned, where the Amount of the reserved Rent shall be increased by reason of any Covenant or Agreement by the Landlord to discharge the Tenant's Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or Duties before mentioned, or where the same shall be de creased by reason of any Covenant or Agreement by the Tenant to discharge the Landlord's Taxes, Rates,

4>r Assessments, and to thfe Deductions to be made on Account of any Aid or publick Rate or AfleSment before described.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Deduction from the Assessment on any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, shall be allowed in any Case, unless an Account in Writing, signed by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or by the Party claiming such Deduction* flaring the Nature and AmowH thereof, shall have been delivered to the Assessor or Assessors withig the Time and pursuant to the Notice delivered by such Assessor or Assessors, or to the respective Commissioners within such further Time as they;

shall think fit to allow on sufficient Cause being shewp to them.

AflTtffbr may estimate Messuages, £cc. under 10l. without Notice,

Assessors may make their EH i mate* of Land*, on the Pryduflion of the Lease by the Tenant, according to the reserved Rent.

No Peduftioet shall be made'for Lan<V, unless. an Account be delivered in Writing,

394-

Tenants at Hack Rent) under a parol Demise, or not able to produce Lease!, may deliver an Account of the Value.

Penalty on Tenants delivering false Accounts of the Value of Preraife!, 10l. and Doubje Duty. [And fee f. 59, All Tenant! in Scotland shall produce their Leases on Notice; or an Account of their Rent.

Penalty Treble Duty.

All Properties shall be assessed; if Lands become unoccupied, Distress may be takenafrerwatds, for Duty under Schedule A.

But such Assessment shall not be levied for Houses, while unoccupied.

Duties charged on Tythes, may be levied by Di ft refs.

Mode of levying the Duties on Com portions for Tythes, Manors, or Royalties, Markets, Fairs, Tolls, Fisheries, &c. '

A flfc (Tors dull uke EAtcuki

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. , A.D. 1805.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant at Rack Rent, under any parol Demise from* Year to Year, within the Period mentioned in the said general Rule, or any Tenant who, by Reason of any Mortgage or other Contract, shall not have the Custody or Possession of, or the Power over any Lease or Agreement in Writing under which he holds the Premises demised within the said Period, and who shall give reasonable Proof to the Commissioners why he is unable to produce the faipe> shall deliver to the Assessor or Assessors an Account in Writing, signed by him or her, of the actual Amount of the annual Rent reserved on such Demise, such Account (o delivered shall be deemed a Compliance with this Act, in all Cases where he may be called upon, under the Authority of this Act, to produce such Lease or Agreement* and it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make their Estimate according to such Rent, any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; but such Assessment shall not be binding, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the said Account doth not express the full Consideration for such Demise, or the Rent bondfide paid for the same, or is made in any other Respect with Intent to conceal the annual Value of the Premises held under such Demise, or to diminish the Estimate to be made thereon.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Tenant who shall wilfully deliver any such Account which shall be false, or who shall wilfully produce any Lease or Agreement with a fraudulent Intent to conceal the annual Value of the Premises therein comprized, or to diminish the Estimate to be made thereon, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to be charged in Double the Duty hereby charged, computed on the annual Value of the Premises held under such Demise, estimated according to this Act; and the said Commissioners are in such Case hereby required to make an Assessment accordingly.

*5-]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant of Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in Scotland, shall* within Ten Days after the Assessor or Assessors shall have left at his or her usual Place of Abode, or at any Dwelling House on the Premises to be charged with the Assessment, a Note in Writing to the Effed after mentioned, (which such Assessor or Assessors are hereby required to deliver in every instance) shall produce to such Assessor or Assessors, the Tack or Lease, or other Agreement or Articles in Writing, under which he or she holds such Lands or Tenements, or where the same mall not be in the Power, Custody, or Possession of such Tenant, or there shall be no such Tack, Lease, or Agreement or Articles, then he or (lie shall leave with such Assessor or Assessors, or at his or their Dwelling House, within the Time before mentioned, a Note in Writing, of the a&ttal Rent annually reserved and payable, and of any other valuable Consideration given, or to be given, to the Landlord or Landlords of such Lands and Tenements, as a further Consideration for such Tenancy, under the Penalty of Treble the Duty hereby chargeable thereon, in case of any wilful Neglect to comply with such Notice; and it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors, to make ni§ or their Estimate on the Production of such Lease, or Agreement or Articles, according to the Rent therein reserved and made payable; and in case of Non-production of such Lease or Agreement, or Articles in Writing, then upon the Rent reserved or made payable, according to the Account thereof delivered as aforesaid, if he or they shall be satisfied that the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, have been bondJide let at the reserved Rent notified to him or them as aforesaid, without other valuable Consideration; but m case such Assessor or Assessors shall not be satisfied with the Notification given to him or them, or iiucafe no such Notification shall be given, then such Assessor or Assessors shall make the Estimates as directed in the foregoing-Clause.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the said several Duties shall be afifefled on all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whether occupied at the Time of Assessment or not; and so far as respects the Duties chargeable under Schedule (A.) in case any Lands charged to the said Duties in any Part of Great Britain shall be unoccupied, and no Distress can be found on the same at the Time such Duties shall be payable, then and in such Cale it shall be lawful for the Collectors of the Parish or Place where the said Lands are situate, for the Time being, at any Time after, to enter upon the said Lands when there shall be any Distresses thereupon to be found, and the Distress and Distresses to seize and fell, under the like Powers as they might have distrained on the same Lands if in the Occupation of any Person or Persons charged to the said Duties at the Time the Duties became due: Provided always, that the said Duties, or either of them, shall not be levied on any Houses which shall have been or shall become unoccupied for such Year or Portion of the Year as the same shall be unoccupied, but the Assessment thereupon for such Year or Portion of the Year as aforesaid, shall, upon Appeal, be discharged or diminished by the Commissioners, on due Proof of the Time in which such House has remained unoccupied.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That where by any Assessment the Duties hereby granted shall be charged on Tythes or Teinds, and the same shall not be paid within the respective Times limited by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Collector and Officer to distrain upon such Tythes or Teinds, or any other Goods or Chattels of the Owner of such Tythes or Teinds, wherever the same can be found, and to seize, take, and fell so much thereof as shall be sufficient for the levying the said Assessment, under and subject to the Powers granted by the said recited Acts respectively in other Cases.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That when any Assessment shall be charged on aqy Composition for Tythes or Teinds, or any Rent or Payment in lieu of Tythes or Teinds, the Occupier of the Lands and Premises charged with such Compositions, Rents, and Payments, shall be answerable for the Duties so charged; and where any Assessment shall be charged on the Profits of Manors, or Royalties, or of Markets or Fairs, or on*Tolls, Fisheries, or any other annual or casual Profits not distrainable, the Owner or Occupier, or Receiver or Receivers of the Profits thereof, shall be answerable for the Duties charged- thereon; and in every such Case the Collector shall distrain upon such Persons respectively, by any of the Ways and Means prescribed by the said recited Acts respectively.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That the respective Assessors acting in the Execution of this Act, shall make tfetii Certificates of Valuation or Estimates on all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Heritages* within

the

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

(5» 49#

395

of the Value of all Lands, Uc.

within their District.

the Limits of those Places for which they are to act, and shall set down the full and just annual Value of all such Lands and Premises, estimated in each particular Case according to the Directions of this Act, together with the Names and Surnames of the Occupiers and Proprietors thereof, and shall at the same Time deliver to the said Commissioners all Returns which shall have been made to them, as well of such annual Value as of any Deduction claimed to be made therefrom, such Returns being first prpgreflively numbered.

L. And be it further enacted, That for and in Consideration of the extraordinary Care and Pains requisite Allowance to in making and adjusting the First Year's Edimate on Lauds, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, under pj*y*J?* tht this Act, the Assessor or Assessors, not being also the Collector or Collectors, shall have such Allowance not Assesstneru! exceeding Two-pence in the Pound, and the AfTdTor or Assessors, being also Collectors, shall have such Allowance not exceeding One Penny in the Pound, upon all Sums assessed in the Parish or Place for which they are appointed Assessors, as the Commissioners for general Purposes as aforesaid, shall certify to the Receiver General they are respectively entitled unto, which Sums so paid the Receiver General shall be allowed in his Accounts; provided that where any Assessment shall be increased by the Commissioners to the Extent of One-Third of the Sums assessed, or the Commissioners shall from other Causes be of Opinion that such Assessor or Assessors shall not faithfully have performed his or their Dpty in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in their Discretion, to refuse the granting of any such Certificate, or to fix the Allowance before limited to such lesser Sum as in their Judgement they shall think such Assessors are juttly entitled unto.

LI. And be it further enacted, That when ?ver the Assessors for any Parish, Ward, or Place, shall not be Assessors shall able to make their Estimates according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall be obstructed therein, it shall aPPly to Combe lawful for them to make Application to any Two or more of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, for the Dillrift where such Assessors shall be appointed, or to any Surveyor or Inspector of the said iniUutoonfT Duties, who shall severally instruct such Assessors in making their Estimates, and aflifl them in the Execution of this Act, according to the Powers and Authorities vested in them respectively by this Act.

LII. And be it enacted, That the Assessbr3 to be appointed for the aforesaid Duties in England, Wales, Assesson ftuitf and Berwick-upon Tweed, shall at the Time of bringing in their Certificates Valuations or Estimates, if g^lu<^)tr0 required so to do, by any Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties, give Notice to the Overseers of the Poor ^are" °°r of the Parish or Place where they shall act, to produce or cause to be produced to the Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the said Duties, the Book or Books, or a true Copy thereof, in which shall have been entered the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place, and also a true Copy of the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish or Place, who shall without fail deliver the same to the said Commissioners for their Use; and the said Assessors shall declare in Writing, signed by them, whether the said Rates are made on the full Value of the Properties therein, or in any and what proportionate Part thereqf, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief; and the said Commissioners shall, in case the said Assessort and Surveyor or Inspector shall alledge and shew to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that the said Estimates, Overseers msy or any of them, have not been made according to the Directions of this Act, examine the said Assessors, and Oith^foix thT also the Overseers of the Poor for the same Parish or Place, or any of them, being duly summoned for that Commissiontn, Purpose, on their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, touching the Proportions between the said Rates, and the who may rectify Value of the Properties charged therein, and whether the Properties, or any and which of them have been Assessmenti. valued therein, at the Amount, or at any and what Proportion of the annual Value thereof respectively, and what ought to be the just Proportion between the Rates on the different Properties therein charged, if the Amount of the Values thereof, and the same Proportion between the Rates, had been observed throughout the Rate; and also what Property shall have been omitted to be rated, and which of the Properties in the Parish or Place shall be entitled to be assessed, on an Average of the Profits, according to this Act; and the said Commissioners shall carefully examine the Estimates {made by the said Assessors, with the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, in order that they may the better ascertain whether the said Estimates have been made on all the Properties situate in each Parish, and according to the Directions prescribed by this Act, and from the Result of the said Inquiries may rectify the same Estimates, in any Particulars which in their Judgement may be requisite, before they make an Assessment thereon, as herein is directed, and in so doing may purlue, if they think fit, the Rules in Number VIII. of this Act before mentioned, relating to the [Ante f. 39.] said Rates for Relief of the Poor.

LIII. And be it enacted, That for the better Information of the Commissioners appointed to carry this Commissioners, Act into Execution, and the Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, and also the Surveyors and Assesson, Jcc. Inspectors, and the better to enable them to perform their Duty, the said Commissioners, 01 any Two or more roay pr a"d of them, and the Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors herein mentioned, or any One or more of them, or any Tar

Person or Persons authorized by them or any of them throughout England, Wales> and Berwick-upon-Tweed, Books, shall have Liberty, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to inspect and take Copies' of, or Penalty for Extracts from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or rtfufing Inspec-concerning the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other p.ublick Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, in tion ao1*to any Place within the Limits for which they shall be appointed; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody

or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said Inspectiun, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said Commissioners with their Books, when required so to do in ourfuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Assessors in each Parish or Place in Scotland\ A (Teflon jQ And 'they are hereby required, to take to their Assistance the Schoolmaster in such Parish or Place, for Scotland shall be the Purpose of.making such Valuation of the Lands and other Premises witlun their respective Limits; and at aflicted by the Time of ^bringing in their Certificates they shall make Oath of the Truth of their Valuation, and that the

00^T? - f shall be

3* 2 lanae ejuunined con-

396 C. 49.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

ceming the

Va luation.

In Default of Return by Occupiers,

O' f. 39 1 Adders, See. may view nod

Commissioners shall make Assessments on Estimates not objected r# and made to their baiisfadion.

fame was made according to the best of their Skill and Judgement, and shall submit to be examined on such Oath before the said Commissionei*, in all Matter* and Things concerning the said Valuation, which the said Commissioners shall require for their Information.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where the Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons chargeable, upon due Notice, under this Act, shall omit to produce an Account in Writing as aforesaid, of the Amount of the annual Value of the Property in his or their Occupation, estimated according to the general Rule in Schedule (A.), or such other Rules in the said Schedule as are applicable to such Property, or shall a iti % a have delivered an Account with which the Commissioners for general Puiyofes shall be dissatisfied, the several

survey Lands by Assessors, Inspectors, and Surveyors authorized to act in the Execution of this Act, and every of them. Order of throughout Great Britain, having first obtained an Order in that Behalf, signed by any Two or more of the said

Comnnfiioners. Commissioners, shall, after Two Days Notice to the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, have full Power, at all seasonable Times of the Day, to view and examine all or any Lands or other Property' chargeable, in order to make such Survey thereof as herein after is mentioned, or otherwise to ascertain the annual Value at which the same ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, and for so doing shall have Liberty to enter upon any Lands oj Grounds, whether inclosed or not, and to value the fame, and to measure and survey the fame, if they cannot otherwise ascertain the annual Value thereof.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That within -a reasonable Time after the respective Surveyors and Inspectors shall have had the Examination of the Estimates delivered by the Assessors in any Part of Great Britain, the said Commissioners shall proceed to take the same into Consideration; and in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall not have objected thereto, and the said Commifkmers shall be satisfied that the said Estimates have been made truly and without Fraud, so as to enable them to charge the several Properties contained therein, with the full Duty which ought to be charged upon them respectively, the said Commissioners shall compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained, the Amount of the Duty so chargeable, at the respective Rates prescribed by the said Schedules, namely, of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value so estimated, in respect of the Property charged under Schedule (A.), and of Nine-pence or Sixpence for ever)" Twenty Shillings of such Value, in respect of the Occupation of Property charged under Schedule (B.), according to the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, in which the said Properties respectively are situate, and shall make Assessments upon the respective Occupiers of, or other Persons being in the Receipt of the Profits of such Properties, of the several Sums so computed, at the respective Rates before mentioned.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall have objected to such Estimates, and shall apply for a Revision thereof, suggesting in Writing to the Commissioners any Error, Mistake, or Fraud in making such Estimates, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, according to the best of their Judgement, to rectify such Estimates, so that the Duty to be computed as aforesaid thereon may be fully charged, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to make their Assessments according to such reftined Estimates, at the respective Rates, and in Manner before mentioned.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the Assessments for any Parish or Place under Schedules (A.) and (B.) shall be made, the Commissioners shall cause Notice thereof, and of the Day for hearing Appeals therefrom, to be given in such Manner as they shall judge expedient; either by affixing a Copy of such Assessment on the Church Door, or any other publick Place in the Parish, together with a Note of the Day of Appeal, or by delivering such Copy to the Assessor or Assessors of such Place, wdth such publick Notice as aforesaid, of the Delivery and of the Day of Appeal, or by delivering to each Party charged the Amount of his or her Assessment, together with a Note of the Day of Appeal, at least Fourteen Days before the Day of Appeal so fixed. -

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, liable to any of the Duties before mentioned, and making Returns, being required so to do in pursuance of the Directions contained in this Act in such Case, shall wilfully neglecto1* to deliver to the Assessor or Assessors requiring the fame, a true, perfect, and complete Return or Account of

all the Matters and Things for which such Returns or Accounts may lawfully be demanded in pursuance of this Act, within the respective Times herein limited, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above any Duty chargeable by this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors or Inspectors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, shall be and they are hereby empowered to inspect and examine all and every the Returns made by any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Duties, or any of them, according to the Directions of this Act, and in case any of them shall be dissatisfied, either with the Returns so made, or the Estimate of the Assessor or Assessors thereon, or shall discover any Error or Omission in such Estimate, or that any Deduction hath been allowed not authorised by this Act, they shall charge the fame, according to the best of their Judgement, in the °WanCC Amount at which the same ought to be charged; and the said Surveyors and Inspectors shall also be at o A. ument. Liberty to inspect and examine all and every the Assessments of the said several Duties, or any of them, made under the Authority of the respective Commissioners before mentioned, as well before as after the Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the said Assessments, and, before such Allowance, to correct and amend such Assessments, if he or they shall think fit: and every Person in whose Custody such Returns shall be> shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to deliver the same into his Custody for the Purposes of this Act, taking his Receipt for the fame; and every Person in whose Custody any such Assessments shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the fame, and such Surveyor or Inspector is hereby authorized to take Charge of tW fame, until he shall have taken such Copies of or Extracts from the same, as may be necessary for his and their After Allowance better Information; and if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall, after any such List or Lists, and Assessraenlior

of ArTtflment, AJTefibients, shall be so respectively made out* and signed and allowed as aforesaid, find* or discover upon las

Surveyor, cc. ^8 purvey

On Objection by Surveyor, See. Commissioners shall rectify Ell imates, and make AlTeflVnenti thereon. Ampur.t of AffVflment and Tirne of Appeal shall be notified.

Penalty for not

[And fee f.md25.]

44-

Surveyors and Inspectors shall have Accrfs to Returns and AfTcffmenrs, with Liberty to amend the fame

Officer* (halt afford access to Re turns and Affiffments.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 49.

397

Survey or Examination, or otherwise, that any Person who ought to be charged with the said Duties, or any may furcharj*

of them, shall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under-rated, or that any Person

liable to the said Duties, or any of them, and being recuired so to do hath neglected or refused to make a c0mmdfi»ners.

Return according to the Directions of this Act, or that the Assessor or Assessors have neglected to require a

Return in any Case where a Return ought to Have b^en required from any Person or Persons, according to the

Intent of this Act, or that any Deduction hath been allowed not authorized by this Act, so that he or she shall not have been charged to the Amount which ought to have been paid by him or her, then and in every such

Case the said Surveyor or Inspector shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, together with an Account of every Default, and the full Amount of the Duty which ought to be paid by way of Surcharge, to any Two [See f. 70.]

or more of the said refnedive Commissioners for putting in' Execution this Act, in relation to the Duties on

which such Surcharge shall be made, in order to have such Default or under Rate redified in the said Assess-

ment; and such Commissioners are, upon the Delivery of any such Certificate, and upon Oath being first made

that such Notice as herein after is directed f was given to or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or other f [See /. 61 ]

Place of Abode of the Person so surcharged, hereby required to sign ana allow the said Surcharges, and to cause the said AssefTraents to be redified, and the said Duties to be levied accordingly, all which Examinations

and Surcharges the said Inspectors and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make from Time to Time until a

full and complete Assessment shall have been made of all the Properties directed to be charged by this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment or Surcharge made or to be made by any Assessor or No Assessment AlTessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, by virtue of this Act, shall be impeached or affected or Surcharge by. by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian or Surname, or either of them, of any Person liable to Afllflur, See. any of the Duties payable by this Act, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Description of any Lands or other peached &>r Premises charged in Schedule ( A.) or ( B.) or the Rate of the Duty surcharged, whether such Mistake or Variance Mistake in shall appear in the Notice and Certificate to be delivered or made in such Case, or in either of them, but that all Names, &c. if such Assessments and Surcharges shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any Notice is given such Mistake or Variance, provided the Notice of Surcharge be delivered to or left at the Abode of the Person J° p, irly intended to be so surcharged, according to the Directions of this Act; and the Duties intended to bedeferibed urciar*c shall be chargeable on such Person or Persons.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Surcharge To avoid Sur. shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time previous to the Time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the charge, ^my Delivery of such Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspector who shall have delivered the Notice of Surcharge, a true, perfect, and complete Schedule of the annual Value, as the same ought to be Surcharge, with estimated according to this Act, of all the Property charged thereby, and which ought to be assessed by and an Affid , vit under the Commissioners of and in the District where such Surcharge shall be delivered, in such Form as shall annexed, be directed under the Authority of this Act, and as the Case may require, so that he or she may, from such3-3

Schedule so covered, be charged to the said Duties the full Sum at which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of this Act in such District: Provided always, that to every speh Schedule there shall be annexed an On Surveyor's Affidavit in Writing to the Eflfed herein after mentioned \ and if the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied S'crllffi^le of with such Schedule and Affidavit, then he shall certify such Return and Affidavit to Two or more of the^(haj^be said Commissioners respectively, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged, who shall thereupon cause the charged, or Assessment to be made according to such Certificate, and the same Rate of Duty as set forth in the Schedules 0'her wife marked (A.) and (B.) to be charged on the Person making such Return, without further Trouble or Delay; Surcharge (kail but if upon Examination of such Schedule or such Affidavit, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall fee just Cause take to obied thereto, he shall thereupon certify such Return and Affidavit, together with the Camfe of his Objection, to Two or more of the said Commissioners respectively, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such last mentioned Certificate, in the Amount of the Duty at which such Person shall be without Abate* surcharged; and from which Su'cha ge no Abatement shall be made on any Pretence, unlef3 on Appeal as ment>except on herein after is directed; of which Certificate Notice shall be given by the Surveyor to the Person to be charged v

thereby. e J 3>. 4-J

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit shall alledge and declare in Substance, or to Form of Affidavit the Effect as follows; that is to fay/ That the Return to which thb Affidavit is annexed is a full, perfect, and in complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Deponent by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgement, which Affidavit may be taken before any One or more of the Commissioners acting for the Place where the Surcharge shall be made, or where the Party surcharged Aall rclide, and shall be signed by the Party Appeal pgainst making the same: Provided always, that an Appeal may be made from any Assessment or Surcharge as aforesaid, and heard and determined under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively, and that such "n9^ and 15*0. Appeal may be made in the like Cases as are mentioned in the said recited Acts respectively.

LXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or Appeal against themselve8 respectively over-charged or over-rated by any Certificate of any Inspector or Surveyor as aforesaid, Fcfrr, ^ate °* or by any Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for him, her, or r61 1 them, respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners in such Manner as he or they are authorized to appeal L J from any original Assessment or Surcharge by the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Hearing of any such Appeal, or the Appeal against any On Appeals original Assessment or Surcharge, the Appellant shall in all Cases produce before the said Commissioners a true, rodiKed11 on perfect, and complete Schedule as directed by this Act as aforesaid, and as the Case may require, and if required' oxfh°if n^uiud! to to do shall verify the same upon his or her Oath or Affirmation.

LXVI. Provided always, and b£ it further enacted, That if upon Appeal any Dispute shall arise touching The Vsliie of the annual Value of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, and the Commissioners Lands may be shall deem it necessary that a Valuation thereof should be taken and made by any Penon or Persons of Skill; it

f^r the Appel-litnt, by Ouler of the Commissioners.

Co(!$ of such Valuation.

In case of Dispute on the Poor Rate, a Valuation of all the Land in the Pari lb may be taken.

On Appeal, Commissioners may relieve

Occupier shewing Lease, or proving his annual Rent.

Where Lands areaiTcfled at left than the Value, the Assessment maybe increased.

Surcharges, if confirmed, to be in double Duty, unless remitted by Cmnmission-ert.

Officers entitled to all Surcharge beyond the Duty.

Inspectors and Surveyors making vexatious Surcharges, &c, liable to Penalty of 50I 5 and ptwifhable under Acts 43 G. 3. c. 99, 150.

Penalty may "b* Tailgated.

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 18.05.

shall be lawful for them to direct the Appellant to cause such Valuation to be made, the Cost and Charges whereof shall abide the final Determination of the said Commissioners, and it shall be lawful for them to make an Assessment according to such Valuation, and to require the same to be verified on the Oath or Affirmation of the Person or Persons making the same; hut in case the Appellant shall not proceed with Effect to cause such Valuation to be made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall proceed to an Assessment, according to the best of their Judgement, on such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments* or Heritages: Provided always, that it shall he competent to the said Commissioners, in every such Case where the Valuation so made shall exceed the Value put upon the same Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, by the Appellant, to direct the Costs and Charges attending the same to be paid by him; but if they shall be of Opinion that such Costs and Charges have not been incurred through any Default of the said Appellant, they shall direct the same to be paid by the Collector or Collectors of the rarish or Place, who, on the Certificate of any Two or more Commissioners present at the Time of the Determination, shall pay the same, and the Sums so paid shall be allowed to such Collector or Collectors in his or their Accounts with the Receiver General, on delivering to him or his Deputy such Certificate, together with the Receipt and Voucher for such Payment.

LXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Dispute shall arile touching the Valuation or relative Value of the Properties throughout any Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to direct a Survey and Valuation to be taken of all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritage?, in such Parish or Place, and to give such Directions respecting the Payment of the Costs and Charges attending the fame, either by the several and respective Occupiers thereof, in proportion to their respective Intereds, erby the Collector, out of the Monies in his Hands of the Duties granted by this Act, as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be jult.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if on such Appeal the Occupier of any such Premises held under any Demise at Rack Rent, shall produce and shew to the said Commissioners the Lease, Tack, or Agreement, if in Writing, or shall prove by any lawful Evidence to be produced on the Part of such Occupier, in case there shall be no such Lease or Agreement in Writing, the annual Amount of the Rent at which such Premises are let, it shall be lawful /or the said Commissioners, in case such Demise hath been made within the Period of Seven Years mentioned in the said general Rule, and they shall be satisfied that such Lease or Agreement doth express the full Consideration for the Demise, or that the Rent bond Jide paid for the same hath been duly shewn to them in Evidence/ and that such Demise is made wholly on Consideration of such reserved Rent, without any Intention to conceal or diminish the annual Value of such Premises, or other fraudulent Intention whatever, to abate and deduct from such Assessment so much as in their Judgment will reduce the Rate to a just Rate on such Rent.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners, that any Lands or Tenements shall have been assessedat an annual Value less than the actual Rent at which the same shall be let, or if not let at less than the Rent at which the same might be let, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to enlarge and increase such Assessment to such Sum as a like Rate on such Rent would amount unto, as well with respect to the Rate on the Property as the Rate on the Occupation of such Lands and Tenements.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That upon every Surcharge allowed upon Appeal by the said Commissioners, upon the Certificate of the Surveyor or Inspector, as directed by this Act, the Assessment shall be made in double the Rates of Duty prescribed in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) on the Amount of the Duty so surcharged, which Sum shall be added to the Assessment, and collected and levied therewith: Provided always, that upon every such Appeal, if the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that there was any reasonable Cause of Controversy on the Part of the Appellant on the subject Matter of Appeal, and that the Party hath.not been guilty of any wilful Default, Neglect, or Omission, nor wilfully done any Act with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, although they shall confirm or allow the Surcharge, at the same Time to remit and strike off the Whole or any Part of the double Duty 5 and the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector so making such Surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive for his own Use, from the Receiver General to whom the Duties shall be paid, the Overplus of the Sum so charged above the said Rate of Duty, as prescribed in the said Schedule, and which shall not be so remitted or (truck off as aforesaid, which Overplus the Commissioners for executing til's Act, who shall have confirmed such Surcharge, or any Two or more of them, shall at the same Meeting certify under their Hands, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes^in England, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and Barons, or any Two or more of them respectivdly, shall be a Warrant to the said Receiver General to pay the same.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector or Surveyor shall wilfully make any false and vexatious Surcharge, or wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for executing this Act any false and vexatious Certificate of Charge, every such Inspector or Surveyor shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for Offences committed in England\ and in the Court of Great Sessions for Offences committed in Wales, and in the Courts of Session or Exchequer for Offences committed in Scotland, with full Costs of Suit: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained, nor any Suit by the Party aggrieved in pursuance of this Act, shall be construed to affect, impeach, or defeat any Action or Information brought or to be brought against any Surveyor or Inspector in pursuance of the said recited Acts respectively, for any corrupt, vexatious, or illegal Practices in the Execution of his Office; and it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Inspector or-Surveyor shall have been convicted of such Offence, by Indorsement on the Postea, or for the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted, to mitigate the Penalty at his or their Discretion.

+3 LXXXI. And

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 49.

m

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the-Duty contained in the Schedule marked (C.) as herein Routed Dune* recited, shall be assessed and charged under the following Rules, which Rules shall be deemed and construed a 3"

Part of this Act, and to refer to the said last mentioned Duty, as if the same had been inserted herein under a ^cmed P*rt of special Enadment. this Act.

SCHEDULE (C.)

The Duty contained in Schedule (C.) as herein recited, shall be paid by the Person or Persons entitled unto Duly on publick the said Annuities, Dividends, and Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, according to their respective Interests; and shall be assessed by the respective Commissioners for the Purposes p; iy 'b, c the' of this Act in their respective Districts where the Parties shall reside, or before the Commissioners hereby parties, &c. authorized to be appointed for special Purposes, for such of the said Duties as shall have been fully paid into the Bank of England, or shall not have been assessed by the respective Commissioners in their Districts, as the To what such Parties shall chooTe 5 and shall extend to ail publick Annuities whatever, except the Stocks of publick DutY <*i«nds. Companies otherwise charged by this Act, and except as herein after is excepted.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to Stock of Friendly extend to charge the Stock or Dividends of any Friendly Society established under or by Virtue of an Act, passed Socicl, rs efta-in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and W'*€T

Relief of Friendly Societies, provided the Property therein shall be duly claimed and proved by any Agent or exempted Fador on the Behalf of any such Society, or by any Member thereof, before the Commissioners authorized to be appointed for special Purposes by this Act.

LaXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to Stock of chari-extend to charge any Corporation, Fraternity, or Society of Persons established for charitable Purposes only; ub, c Imhuniuos nor to charge the Profits arising from any such Annuities, Dividends, or Shares, which, according to the Rules or Regulations established by Act of Parliament, Charter, Decree, DeedofTruft, or Will, Hi all be applicable ]vlufiumjfte by the said Corporations, Fraternities, or Societies, or by any Trustee or Trustees, to charitable Purposes only, f. 170.]'*and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable Purposes only; provided the Application thereof to such Purposes shall be duly proved before the Commissioners for special Purposes to be appointed under this Act, by any Agent or Fador, on the Behalf of any such Corporation, Fraternity, or Society, or Trustee or Trustees, or by any of the Members or Trustees.

LXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Thing herein contained,

shall be construed to extend to such Part of the publick Annuities as have been or shall be transferred to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in the the National Commissioners al the End of every Qua ter of a Tear, to be by thtm applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and Debt, under the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, from Time to Time, cause to be transmitted to the 26 G* 3 c. 3*< Commissioners for special Purposes to be appointed under this Act, an Account of the total Amount of Stock c*cmPled' as shall have been transferred to the said Commissioners.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to such Part of the said publick Annuities as are or shall be transferred to the Accounts in the Books of Treasury *the Bank of England, in the Name or under the Description of the Lord High Treasurer of England, or of the exempted. Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parlizynent 5 and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, from Time to Time, cause to be transmitted to the said Commissioners for special Purposes, an Account of the total Amount of Stocks as shall have been transferred to the said respective Accounts.

LXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to the Profits arising from any Annuities, Dividends, and Shares, bond side belonging to any Person not w , being a Subject of His Majesty, and not lacing resident in Great Britain, during such Time as the same shall [Stef. 90.] continue the Property of such fcerson, provided that such Property shall be duly claimed and ascertained in the Manner herein after mentioned.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That ever)'Person and Body Politick and Corporate, Company,

' or Society of Persons, who shall be entitled unto any Shares of such Annuities, (except Annuities belonging to publick Funds, the Bank, East India, and South Sea Companies, herein directed to be charged by the Governors and Directors (miicf* chatge-of the said Companies respectively, and also except the Annuities payable to the Proprietors at the Exchequer, able* under hereby directed to be charged by the Commissioners for Pensions), shall by force of such general Notices as are herein after mentioned, and without any particular Notice for that Purpose, within the Time limited in &c % 0

such general Notices, in order to their bring assessed before the respective Commissioners in their Districts, Commissioners.

1 [f. uo.J

Funds in the Name of Commissioners of

Stock of

Foreigners

exempted.

>[f.8l.]

(except where a Declaration shall be delivered in order to their answering the full Amount of Duty, and paying the same into the Bank of England, under the Regulations herein prescribed for the Conduct 01 Commissioners for special Purposes to be appointed under this Act 2), deliver or cause to be delivered to them or to-their Chrk, at such Place or Office as shall be appointed for that Purpose, the like Lifts, Declarations, and Statements, as Persons are herein after required to deliver in respect of their Profession or Trade; in which , [$/*f I, rS> Lifts, Declarations, and Statements respectively, they shall separately and dillindly specify the Amount and g i Description of the capital Stock from which such Profits arise, and the Amount of such Profits, either for the 1 J Period of One Year or One Half Year, as the Parties shall declare themselve3 willing to be assessed, and the Description of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names the same are veftea, and to whom the same belong, and of any other Person or Corporation, Company or Society, for wrhom such Person shall act in any of the Characters herein after described; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, to whom such Statement shall be delivered, if they shall be satisfied therewith, unless the Party shall declare in such Statement his or her Intention to pay the Duty into the Bank of England> to make an Attcflment on the Profit* contained in such

Statement»

400

A.D. 1805.

Nolice shall 1»e given of Inci ease or Dccrejfc of Stock.

Penalty Treble Duty in D: fault of Notice o: incuafe.

Special Commissioner shall charge those who neglect to make Returns of Property in publick Fundi.

Persons declaring their Inrenrion to pay ihe Duty on Dividends into the Bank, shall deliver an Account of their Stock, &c. into Office of Special Commissioners. Commissioners in Diliri&s shall transmit to Special Commissioners (before AflVlTment) Certificates of the Amount of Returns of Dividends.

Accounts of Dividends shall te delivered to litfpe£fcor<, Sec. by Corporal ion», Sec.

Trustees, Sec. (except Officers inCourts)h.iving the Controul of Property, shall pw the Duty#

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III.

Statement, to be levied at the Rate before mentioned, as and when the Dividends thereon become due on the Amount of the Dividends then payable Half Yearly, to long as such Stock shall remain unaltered, according to the Provisions of this Act; and it shall be competent to such Commissioners, in their respective Districts, to allow such Exemptions from or Abatements of the said Duty, as are herein after authorized to be allowed oa the Account of Income or Maintenance of lawful Children.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Capital Stock so to be accounted for, or the Profits arising therefrom, shall be increased or diminished, the like Statement, except where a Declaration shall be made of intended Payment into the Bank of England, shall from Time to Time be given to the respective Assessors, Surveyors, or Inspectors of such Increase or Diminution as is before required, m order that the Assessment thereon may'be altered or amended, which Notice shall contain the Time from which such Profits have been increased or diminished; and in case such Profits shall be increased, and due Notice thereof as aforesaid shall not be given, so that an Assessment may be duly made on such Increase, the Person making such Default shall forfeit Treble the Duty by which such Assessment ought to have been increased; and no Assessment shall be altered, unless Notice of the Decrease of such Profits shall be given in Manner aforesaid, before the Time when the Assessment thereon became payable; and every such Return shall be renewed from Year to Year, or in Default thereof the Parties shall n main charged for that Year to the Amount contained in the former Assessment, subject to Treble Duty in Default of such Notice as aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person, Corporation, Company, or Society whatever, entitled unto any Shares in such publick Annuities, except as aforesaid, who shall not within the Time herein limited for Delivery of such Statements, make a Return thereof, to be charged in their respective Districts, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be charged and assessed to the Duties contained in the said last mentioned Schedule, by the Commissioners for special Purposes to be appointed under this Act, which said Commissioners shall from the bed Information they can obtain, whenever it shall be necessary, make an Estimate of the Profits of each Person, Corporation, Company, or Society, who shall not already have been assessed by the Commissioners in their respective Districts for the accruing Profits, and shall make an Assessment thereon at the Rate prescribed by this Act; and the said Commissioners for special Purposes shall have the like Authority in all Cases where such Returns shall have not been made under the said recited Act, in or for any Year preceding the Fifth Day of Jlpril One thousand eight hundred and five; and the Sum so assessed shall be recoverable as a Debt to His Majesty on Record, in like Manner as is directed by this Act in other Cases.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall declare his or her Intentfon to pay the Duty on the said Dividends into the Bank of England, shall, as and when such Dividends become due, deliver into the Office of the Commissioners for special Purposes, the like Account and Description of the Stock whereon such Dividends have been received, as is before required to be delivered by Persons paying the Duty where they respectively reside, together with the Receipt or Certificate of such Payment; which Account, being checked and examined in the said Office, shall entitle such Person to receive, and to every such Person shall be granted, an Acquittance for such Payment, and for the Duty chargeable on the Dividends so accounted for, without Fee or Reward.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners to whom any Statements of the Profits arising from such Annuities as aforesaid shall have been delivered in any District, shall, jis soon afterwards as can conveniently be do«e, and before any Assessment thereon shall be made, cause to be transmitted to the said Commissioners for special Purposes, to be appointed under this Act, a Certificate of the Amount of the Profits arising as last aforesaid, which shall have been returned to them as assessable to or exempted from the said Duty under their Cognizance, which Certificates shall respectively contain the Names and Places of Abode, or other Descriptions of the respective Persons by whom such Returns shall have been made, and the particular Stock of Annuities on which such Profits shall arite; and all such other Particulars as are herein required to be returned by the respective Parties to be assessed to or exempted from the said Duty; and shall also, upon Demand by them, transmit to the said last mentioned 1 Commissioners, all Certificates of Exemption from, or Abatements of the Duties contained in the said Schedule marked (C.) which shall have been granted by them under the Authority of this Act, in order that such Exemption or Abatement may be fully allowed, and the Party be discharged from any or a greater Assessfr.ent on that Account, as the Case may require, and to prevent r.n Assessment in Default being made by the Commissioners for special Purposes, according to the Powers vested in them by this Act.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to the due Assessment of Persons entitled to Dividend* or Shares of Annuities payable out of the publick Revenue, all Persons and Corporations to whom the Payment thereof shall be intruded, shall from Time to Time deliver an Accoifnt of all such Dividends and Shares to such Inspector or Surveyor as shall be authorized for that Purpose, under the Hands of Three or'more of the Com-9 mi(fioner6 for the Affairs of Taxes, upon Demand thereof, in like Manner as the Statements of the Income of such Persons and Corporations are required to be delivered. '

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, Tin* every Person who as Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, or as Attorney, Agent, or Factor of any Person or Persons, whether under Incapacity or not,

; and whether refidingin Great Britain or not, and the Chamberlain, Treasurer, or other Officer of any Corporation, Company, or Society in Great Britain, and every other Person who shall in respect of any Office be in the Receipt of Dividends or Annuities aforesaid, (except the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and the proper Officer of any other Court of Equity, or other Court in Great Britain, having the Direction and Controul of any Property vested in the said publick Annuities), shall be answerable for the doing all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required to be done, in order to an Assessment being duly made in each Case;

and

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 49.

401

and it shall be lawful for every Person herein-before described, by and out of such Dividends, whenever the same shall be received, to retain so much and such Part thereof, from Time to Time, as fhalibe sufficient for the Satisfaction and Discharge of such Duty, and every Person before described shall be and they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every Person and Persons, Corporations, Companies, and Societies whatever, for all Payments on Account of the said Duty which they shall respectively make in pursuance of this Act.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for special Purposes, to be appointed under this Act, shall have. Authority, and they are hereby required to make, from Time to Time, Application to any Court having the Direction or Controul of Property arising from the said publick Annuities, for such Directions and Orders as may be necessary to secure a due Assessment of all such Property as aforesaid; and the Order of such Court shall be binding upon the Acts of the said Commissioners, as well as upon the respective Parties interested in such Property, as far a9 relates to the Assessment to be made under this and the (kid recited Act, and the Officers of such Court shall act in obedience to such Order in like Manner, and such Order shall be of the like Effect as if made in a Cause depending in such Court.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the Title to any Property under the Controul or Direction of any Court of Equity or other Court, in any Suit depending or otherwise, or the Proportions thereof shall be uncertain, either by reason of any Contingency to which the same may be subject, or by reason of any Dispute concerning the same, or for any other Cause, at the Time of the Duty being charged thereon, and the same shall be paid according to the Directions of this Act, either by the Receiver or Receivers of the Profits, 'or by any Officer of such Court, and if it shall appear upon the Settlement or Ascertainment of such Property, that the annual Income arising therefrom, or from any Proportion thereof, belonging to* any Person, together with all other Income of the same Person, shall not have amounted to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum y it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to order such Relief as the Party would have been entitled unto at the Time of making the Assessment if the Title to such Property had been then ascertained, and to direct Repayment of the Sums which shall appear to them to have been overpaid, in such Manner as to them shall fcem just and expedient.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Regulations and Penalties respecting the Duties in Schedule (D.) for delivering Lifts or Declarations, or ascertaining or accounting for the Duties therein mentioned, or for assessing or surcharging the fame, shall be used, practised, and applied in respect of the Duties contained in the said Schedule marked (C.); and the Sums afiefled by the said Commissioners in respect of the said last mentioned Duties, shall be paid and discharged by the like Rules and Regulation, and under the like Penalties, as are herein after provided in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) as herein recited.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Subject of His Majesty shall, after Receipt of any publick Annuity as aforesaid, or any Share therein, or any Dividend thereof, either at the Bank of England or South Sea House, neglect to be assessed for the fame, and to pay the Duty thereon, for the Space of One Calendar Month thereafter, or shall depart from that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England\ into any other Part of the said United Kingdom, without being assessed, and satisfying and paying the Duty payable on the Share or Dividend so received, such Duty shall be recoverable as a Debt on Record to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and all other Charges attending the same; and the like Process shall thereupon issue at the Instance of His Majesty's Attorney General for England or Ireland, or the Advocate of Scotland\ against such Person, his or her Estate, Goods, Chattels, and Efiefts, according to the Laws of that Part of the said United Kingdom wherein such Person shall reside*; and such Proceedings shall be thereupon had for the Recovery of the said Sum, and all Costs and other Charges attending the fame, as may lawfully be had in such Parts of the said United Kingdom respectively, for the Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty arising within the same, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Attorney, Agent, or Factor, except Bankers, shall receive any such Annuities, Shares, or Dividends, without paying the Duty chargeable thereon, or delivering to the Commissioners for special Purposes, to be appointed under this Act, a true Account of the several Sums so received, and the Names and Residences of the Principals for whom he so acts, every such Attorney, Agent, or Factor, so neglecting, except as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Duty so payable.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, having made his or her Declaration to pay the Duty on the Dividends arising as aforesaid into the Bank of England, shall neglect to pay the same into the Bank of England, and to deliver into the Office of the Special Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, the Receipt of such Payment, together with such Account as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit Treble the Duty payable on such Dividends, which Duty shall be recoverable as a Debt on Record, with all Costs and Charges, in the Manner directed in the preceding Clause of this Act.

XC. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Stock of any Persons shall stand in the Books of the Company of the Bank of England\ or South Sea Company, in the Name of any Trustee, Agent, or Factor, for such Persons as aforesaid, such Trustee, Agent, or Factor, except the Accountant General or Officer of a Court, having the Direction and Controul of the Property as aforesaid, shall be answerable for the said Duties, unless he shall prove, on Oath, before the Commissioners for special Purposes, to be appointed under this Act, to their Satisfaction, that such Annuities, Dividends, and Shares, bond Jide belong to Persons not Subjects of His Majesty, and not resident in Great Britain, in which Cases the said Commissioners are hereby required strictly to examine as to the Persons to whom such Annuities, Dividends, and Shares belong, and the respective Places of their ordinary Residences, and all other Circumstances necessary for their Information, and 45 Geo III. 3 F to

Special Com-nnlliuners may apply to Courts hating Controul of Property, for Orderi respecting the same.

Sums pa A pendingemputed Titles, may be repaid by order Treasury to Parties, whose Shares entitle hem to Abatement.

Dumps on Dividends shall be assessed and levied as Duties in Schedule (D.) [S«$93]

Duty on Dividends, if nor paid within One Month, maybe recovered as a Debt of Record in any Part of the United Kingdom.

Agents (except Bankers) not returning Account to special Commi fliuiiers shall pay the Duty.

Penalty on Persons neglectrnj; to pav Duty cu Dividend' Hite* Bank, in pursuance of their own Notice, Treble Duty, ice. [See §88.J Trustees shall be answerable for Duties, unlrfs on Proof by Oath that the Stock belongs to Foreigners,

| 77.], and Certificate of Exemption giirsn.

Agrnts tray act for Foreigness.

On Transfer of inv Part of f.ich Stock, C-rtifirate shall be vacated, and new Certificate be granted for Remainder.

Penalty on Persons making fraudulent claim r.f Exertiptiun 500b and Treble Duty.

Recited Dury in Scr.ednle (D.) and Rules, deemed Part of this Act.

Such Duties shall extend to all Property not ( hargeable under Schedules A. (f37.)B.Vf3S.) C. (f. ^x.), and £. (f. 160.)

Rults forafeer-

taining the Duties),

Computation of Duty on Trade, n an Average «f Three Years;

or One Year, if commenced v within Three Years; or as under Case 6. if commenced within t')€ Year.

To whom the Duty Extends.

Duties on Buildings occupied solely for Trade, shall be illowed.

Dedu£iior*« which shall not be allowed.

Repairs, &c. on a Three Year* Average.

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805^.

to require from the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Officers belonging to the respective Offices where such Dividends shall be payable, such Information respecting the same as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, and to grant to the Party making such Application a Certificate of such Exemption: Provided also, that where the Mock of any Person shall Ttand in the Name or Names of such Person, or of any other Person not resident in Great Britain, it shall he lawful for the Attorney, Agent, or Factor, having Authority by virtue of any Letters or Powers of Attorney', to receive the Dividends arising from such Stock, to make such Application as aforesaid to the said Commissioners for special Purposes, and on due Proof of the several Circumstances before required, the said Commissioners shall grant such Certificate as before directed, in order that such Exemptions may be duly earned into Effect.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Stock for which any such Exemption shall have been obtained, or arty Part thereof, shall be transferred pr assigned to any Person or Persons, Corporation, Co rpany, or Society whatever, the said Exemption shall cease: Provided always, that where the Whole of such Stock or Interest therein shall not be so transferred or assigned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners on such Proof as is herein-before required, on like Application for that Purpose, to grant a like Certificate for the Purpose of exempting the Remainder of such Stock, and so from Time to Time, so long as any Part of the said Stock shall continue to be entitled to the said Exemption.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, with Intention to defraud His Majesty, Hit Heirs or Successors, falsely or fraudulently make any Claim to be exempted either in his or her own Behalf, oc any other, from the Duty contained in the said Schedule marked (C.) contrary to the Intent of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if f such Claim shall be made by any Person in his or her own Behalf, he or she shall moveover be liable to be assessed in Treble the Duty to be charged on the said Annuities and Shares, at the Rate prescribed by the said recited Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty contained in the Schedule marked (D) as herein recited* shall be assessed and charged under the following Rules, which Rules shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, and to refer to the said last mentioned Duty, as if the same had been inserted herein under a speciat Enadment.

SCHEDULE (D.)

The said last mentioned Duties shall extend to every Description of Property or Profits, which shall not be chargeable or charged to either of trie said Duties contained in Schedules (A.) (B.) or C.) and to every Description of Employment of Profit, not chargeable or charged to the Duty herein after mentioned contained in Schedule (E.) and not specially exempted from the said respective Duties, and shall be charged annually on and paid by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Fraternities, Fellowships, Companies, or Societies, whether Corporate or not Corporate, receiving or entitled unto the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Auigns, respectively.

RULES for ascertaining the said last mentioned Duties in the particular Cases herein mentioned.

First Case. — Duties to be charged in respect of any Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, in the

Nature of Trade.

First. — The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed on a Sum not less than the full Amount of the Balance of the Profits or Gains of such Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, upon a fair and just Average of Three Years, ending on such Day of the Year immmediately preceding the Year of Assessnuat on which the Accounts of the said Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, shall have been usually made up, or on the Fifth Day of jJpril preceding the Year of Assessment, and shall be assessed, charged, and paid, without other Deduction than is herein after allowed: Provided always, that in Cases where the Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, shall have been set up and commenced within the said Period of Three Years, it shall be lawful to make the Computation for One Year on the Average of the Balance of the Profits and Gains from the Period of first setting up the fame: Provided also, that in Cases where the Trade* Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, shall have been set up and commenced within the Year of Assessment*

it fhaftbe lawful to make the Computation according to the Rule in the Sixth Case of this Schedule.

Second. — The said Duty shall extend to every Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Fraternities, Fellowships, Companies, or Societies, and to every Art, My fiery, Adventure, or Concern, carried on by them respectively in Great Britain or elsewhere, as aforesaid, not charged under Schedule (A.)

Third. — The Amount of Duty charged under Schedule (B.) on any Tenements or Buildings whatever, occupied and used wholly and exclusively for the Purpose of Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern' aforesaid, shall be deduced from the Duty charged on the Profits of such Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, under this Schedule marked (D.) on due Proof thereof before the Commissioners for executing this Act.

Fourth. — In estimating the Balance of Profits and Gains chargeable under Schedule (D.l or for the Purpose of assessing the Duty thereon, no Sum or Sums shall be set against or deduced from, or allowed to be set against or deducted from, such Profits or Gains, on Account of any Sums expended for Repairs of Premises occupied for the Purpose of such Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, nor for any Sum expended by them for the Supply or Repairs, or Alterations of any Implements or Utensils or Articles employed for the Purpose of such Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, beyond the Sum usually expended for such Purposes, according to an Average of Three Years preceding the Year in which such Assessment shall be made; nor on

Account

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 49. 403

Account of Loss not connected with or arising out of such Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern; nor on Account of any Capital withdrawn therefrom; nor for any Sums employed or intended to be employed as Capital, or in Improvement of Premises occupied for the Purpose of such Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern 5 nor on Account or under Pretence of any Interest which might have been made on such Sums if laid out at Interest; nor for any Debts except such Debts, or such Parts thereof as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners respectively to be irrecoverable and desperate; nor for any Average Loss beyond the actual Amount of Loss after Adjustment; nor for any Sum recoverable under an Insurance or Contract of Indemnity.

Fifth. — In estimating the Amount of the Profits and Gains arising as aforesaid, no Deduction shall be made on Account of any annual Interest, or any Annuity, or other annual Payment, payable out of such Profits or Gains, except the Interest of Debts due to Foreigners not resident in Great Britain.

Second Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Professions, Employments, or Vocations.

First. — The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at a Sum not less than the full Amount Computation of the Balance of the Profits, Gains, and Emoluments of such Professions, Employments, or Vocations, pra^n°" on (after making such Deductiona and no other as by this Act are allowed), within the preceding Year, ending the preceding as in the First Case, to be paid on the actual Amount of such Profits or Gains, without any Deduction, Year. subject to the like Provisions as are made in the First Case, in respect of the Period of Average in the Cases of letting up and commencing such Profession, Employment, or Vocation, within the Period herein limited.

The Third, Fourth, and Fifth Rules in the First Case shall also extend to the Profits arising under the Second Case.

In estimating the Balance of the Profits or Gains to be charged according to either of the First or Second Cases, Deductions not no Sum or Sums shall be set against, deducted from, or allowed to be set against or deducted from, such on°Fira or Profits or Gains, for any Disbursements or Expences whatever, not being Money wholly and exclusively laid Secon^Cafcs. out or expended for the Purposes of such Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, or of such Profession,

Employment, or Vocation 5 nor for any Disbursements or Expences of Maintenance of the Parties, their Families, or Establishments; nor for Rent, or Value of any Dwelling House or domestick Offices, or any Part of such Dwelling House or Offices, although used for the Purposes of such Trade or Concern, nor for any other domestick or private Purposes, distinct from the Purposes of such Profession, Employment, or Vocation.

Third Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Profits of an uncertain annual Value not charged in Schedule (A.)

First. — The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at a Sum not less than the full Amount of Computation of the Profits or Gains arising therefrom within the preceding Year, ending as in the First Case, to be paid on Duty on uoccr-the actual Amount of such Profits or Gains, without any Deduction. U, n r0 u*

Second. — The Profits on all Exchequer Bills, and other Securities bearing Interest payable out of the publick biterest not Revenue, and on all Discounts, and on all Interest of Money not being annual Interest, payable or paid by bcinfi aamul* any Persons whatever, shall be charged according to the preceding Rule in this Case.

C.iptrd.

Interest thereof.

Debts.

Lofc.

Intetcft, See*

payable, except to Foreigners.

Fourth Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Interest arising from Securities in Ireland, or in the Computation British Plantations in America, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, and , rom

Foreign Securities.

The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed on a Sum not less than the whole and just Sum On the Uemks and Sums (so far as the same can be computed) which have been or will be received in Great Britain in in thecorreat the current Year, without any Deduction or Abatement. ^car'

Fifth Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Possessions in Ireland\ or in the British Plantations in America, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, and Foreign Possessions.

Computation

of Duty from Pofitfliors in Ireland, 5c0.

The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at not less than the full Amount of the actual On Averse Sums annually received in Great Britain, either for Remittances from thence payable in Great Britain, or Years*

from Property imported, from thence into Great Britain, or from Money or Value received in Great Britain, ms car*' and arising from Property which shall not have been imported into Great Britain, or from Money or Value so received on Credit, or on Account in respect of such Remittances, Property, Money, or Value, brought or to be brought into Great Britain, computing the same ou an Average of the Three preceding Years, as directed in the First Case, without Deaudlion or Abatement.

Sixth Case. — The Duty to be charged in respectc of any annual Profits or Gains not falling under any of the foregoing Rules, and not charged by virtue of any of the other Schedules contained in this Acti,

Computation of Duly on unde-fcished Profit*.

The Nature of such Profits or Gains, and the Grounds on which the Amount thereof shall have been computed* On annual and the Average taken thereon (if anyj shall be dated to the Commissioners; and the Computation shall be Receipt*, $<c. made on the Amount of the full Value of the Profits and Gains received annually, or according to such Average as aforesaid as shall be directed by the said Commissioners, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person or Persons in Receipt of the same or entitled thereto.

3 F 2 XCIV. Provided

4°4r

C. 49.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

other.

T< anporary Absentees shall be charged a* Residents,

#[S«§99.]

Temporary Residents shall not be charged until after Six Months Residence.

[And fee a\ to Irish Officer i of Siate, &cf. 107.]

Perfoojretuming to Great Britain

Person! carrying XCIV. Provided always, and be it furtIter enacted, That nothing Iierein contained shall be construed to on Two or more restrain any Person or Persons carrying on, either solely or in Partnership, Two or more distir.61 Trades, ieit the ofs"1* Manufactures, Adventures, or Concerns, in the Nature of Trade, the Profits whereof are made chargeable under fuBainert in one the Rules of Schedule (D.), from deducting or setting against the Profits acquired in One or more of the said again it the Profits Concerns, the Excess of the Loss or Losses sustained in any other of the said Concerns, over and above the acquired in the Profits thereof, in such Manner as may be done under this Act, where a Loss shall be dt d idled from the Profits of the same Concern; and the respective Commissioners shall have Authority to all, w such Deductions as in other Cases, and to assess such Person or Persons accordingly.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That any Subject of His Majesty, whose ordinary Residence shall have been in Great Britain? and who shall have departed from Great Britain, and gone into any Parts beyond the Seas for the Purpose only of occasional Residence, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, shall be deemed, notwithstanding such temporary Absence, a Person chargeable to the Duties mentioned in this Act, as a Person actually residing in Great Britain, and shall be assessed and charged accordingly (in Manner herein after directed*) upon the whole Amount of his or her Profits or Gains, whether the same shall arise from Property in Great Brit cun or elsewhere, or from any Allowance, Annuities, or Stipends, except as herein is excepted, or from any Profession, Employment, Trade, or Vocation in Great Britain or elsewhere.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall, on or after the passing of this Act, actually be in Great Britain for some temporary Purpose only, and not with any View or Intent of establishing his or her Residence therein, and who shall not actually have redded in Great Britain for the Period of Six successive Calendar Months, shall be charged with the said Duties as a Person residing in Great Britain, in respect of the Profits or Gains received from or out of any Pctieifions in Ireland, or any other of [ And fee a\ to His Majesty's Dominions, or any Foreign Possessions, or from Securities in Ireland, or any other of His Irish Officers uf Majesty's Dominions or Foreign Securities; but nevertheless every such Person shall, after such Six Months Residence therein, be chargeable for the same from the Commencement of the Year, in case such Person shall have been resident in Great Britain, or if not so resident, then from the Period of his or her having come into Great Britain.

XCVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall depart from Great Britain after claiming such Exemption, and shall again return to Great Britain before the Fifth Day of April next after before 5th April such Claim made, shall be chargeable to the said Duties as a Person residing in Great Britain, for the Whole of c 1 jfhied*aH* he Year in which such Claim mall have been made,

charged.

Corporations XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, Companies, shall be charged Fraternities, Fellowships, or Societies of Persons, whether Corporate or not Corporate, shall be chargeable with with Duties such and the like Duties as any Person or Persons will, under and by virtue of this Act, be chargeable with, through their Cm anc^ke Chamberlain, or other Officer acting as Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver for the Time being of every Officer!.*Cir Company, Corporation, Fraternity, Fellowship, or Society, shall be answerable for doing all such Acts,

Matters, and Things, as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the assessing such Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, Fellowships, or Societies, to the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the same.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, Committee or Committees, of any Person or Persons being Infants, or married Women, Lunaticks, Idiots, or Insane, having the Direction, Controul, or Management of the Property or Concerns of such Infants, married Women, Lunaticks, Idiots, or insane Persons, whether such Infants, married Women, Lunaticks, Idiots, or insane Persons, shall reside in Great Britain or not, shall be chargeable to the said Duties, in like-hlanner as and to the same Amount, as would be charged if such Infants were of full Age, or such married Women were foie, or such Lunaticks, Idiots, or insane Persons, were capable to act for themselves; and any Person or Persons not resident in Great Britain, whether Subjects of His Majesty or not, shall be chargeable in the Name or Names of such Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, Committee or Committees, or of any Agent or Agents, or Receiver or Receivers, having the Receipt of any Profits or Gains arising as herein mentioned, and belonging to such Person or Persons, in the like Manner, and to the like Amount as would be charged if such Persons were resident in Great Britain, and in the actual Receipt thereof; and every such Trustee, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, Committee, Agent, or Receiver, shall be answerable for the doing all such Acts, Matters, and Tilings, as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the assessing such Persons to the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the same.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver or Receivers appointed by the Court of Chancery, or by any other Court in Great Britain, having the Direction and Controul of any Property in respect whereof a Duty is charged as last mentioned, whether the Title to such Property shall be uncertain or not, or subject to any Contingency or not, or be depending, or be not ascertained by reason of any Dispute or other Cause, shall be chargeable to the said Duties, in like Manner and to the like Amount as would be charged if the said Property was not under the Direction and Controul of such Court, and the Title thereto was certain, and not subject to any Contingency whatever; and every such Receiver shall be answerable for doing all such Matters and Things as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the assessingihe Duties granted by this Act, and paying the same.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That any married Woman acting as a foie Trader by the Custom of any Women, trading City or place, or otherwise, shall be chargeable to such and the like Duties, and in like Manner, except as with theirllV1, '? herein after is mentioned, as if she was actually foie and unmarried: Provided always, that the Profits of any Husbands, shall married Woman living with her Husband shall be deemed the Profits of the Hufbaud, and the same shall be be charged. +1 charged

Trustee! and

Guardians shall be charged to the Duties on account of Infant!, &c.

Receiver* charged for Persons not residing in Great Britain.

Receivers shall be charged for Trust Property under Controul of Court of Chaucfcry, See.

How married

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 49.

405

churned in the Name of the Husband, and not in her Name, or of her Trustee or Trustees: Provided aHo, that any married Woman living in Great Britain separate from her Husband, whether such Husband shall be temporarily absent from her or from Great Britain, or otherwise, who shall receive any Allowance or Remittance from Property out of Great Britain, shall he charged as' a Feme Sole, if entitled thereto in her own Right, and as the Agent of the Husband, if she receive the same from or through him, or from his Property or on his Credit.

Cl I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee who shall have authorized the Receipt of Trustees °/f the Profits arising from Trull Property, by the Person or Persons entitled thereunto, or by his, her, or their m

respective Agent or Agents, and which Person or Persons shall actually receive the same under such Authority, Great Brium nor any Agent or Receiver (being respectively Bankers, or acting a9 fuel), and receiving Property as such may deliver Bankers, or Persons acting as such, and not as Trustees) of any Person or Persons being of full Age, and ami

resident in Great Britain (other than married Women, JLunaticks, Idiots, and insane Persons) who shall return ^c^<, cnc« only, a List in the Manner herein after required of the Names and Residences of such Persons, shall be required to do any other Act for the Purpose of assessing such Persons, unless the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, in respect of the AtTefTment to be made on such Persons, shall require the Testimony of such Trustees,

Agents, or Receivers, in pursuance of the Directions herein after given.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person being Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, All Trustees and Tutor, Curator, or Committee of or for any Person or Persons, shall be assessed as herein after mentioned, in al1 Officers of respect of such Person or Persons, or where any Chamberlain, Treasurer, or other Officer of any Corporation,

Company, Fraternity, or Society shall be so assessed in respect of such Corporation, Company, Fraternity, or DudeTout of Society as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for every Person or Persons who shall be so Trust Property. assessed, by and out of the Money which shall come to his or her Hands as such Trustee, Agent, or Receiver,

Guardian, Tutor, Committee, or Curator as aforesaid, or as such Chamberlain, Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, to retain so much and such Part thereof, from Time to Time, as shall be sufficient to pay such Assessment; and every such Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Committee, or Curator, Chamberlain,

Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer, shall be, and they are hereby respectively indemnified against all and every Person and Persons, Corporations, Companies, Fraternities, or Societies whatsoever, for all Payments which they shall respectively make in pursuance and by virtue of this Act.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the Computation of the Duty to be charged in respect of any Trade shall be Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, or any Adventure or Concern, whether carried on by any Person singly, or jhVgCj °, n by any One or more Persons jointly, or by any Corporation, Company, fraternity, or Society, shall be made }Vrom exclusive of the Profits or Gains arising from Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, occupied by joint Partners Duty on Land*, for the Purpose of such Profession, Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern; and the Computation of See.

Duty arising in respect of any Profession, Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern, carried on by Two or Partner* ffinll be more Persons jointly, shall be made and stated jointly and in one Sum, and separately and distinctly from any charged jointly other Duty chargeable on the same Persons, or either or any of them 5 and that the Return of the Partner ^edire their who shall be first named in the Deed, Instrument, or other Agreement of Copartnership (or where there shall r/spetfive6^ be no such Deed, Instrument, or Agreement, then of the Partner who shall be named singly or with Precedence Shares. — The to the other Partner or Partners, in the usual Name, Stile, or Firm of such Copartnership, or where such Return ffinll be precedent Partner shall not be an acting Partner, then of the precedent acting Partner) and who shall be "*j dc the

resident in Great Britain, and who is hereby required to make such Return on Behalf of himself, and the other Partner or Partners, whose Names and Residences shall also be declared in such Return, and shall be sufficient jn Great Britain, Authority to charge such Partners jointly: Provided always, that where no such Partner shall be resident in or if none Great Britain, then the Statements shall be prepared and delivered by their Agent, Manager, or Factor, resident by an

in Great Britain, jointly for such Partners, and such joint Assessments shall be made in the Partnership Name, AScnt*

Stile, Firm, or iVscription: Provided also, that if the said Partners shall declare the Proportions of their respective Shares in such Profession or Concern, in order to a separate Assessment, it shall be lawful to charge them separately and respectively at the Rate which such Proportions shall be chargeable with by virtue of this Act; but if no such Declaration be made, then such Assessment shall be made jointly according to the Amount of the Profits and Gains of such Partnership: Provided also, that any joint Partner in fi^ch Profession Returns by or Concern which shall have been already returned by such precedent Partner as aforesaid, may return his Name and Place of Abode, and that he is such Partner, without returning the Amount of Duty payable in respect m 0 thereof, unless the Commissioners respectively shall think proper to require further Returns, in winch Case, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to require from every such Partner the like Returns, and the like Information and Evidence, as they are hereby entitled to require from the Partner making the Return of Duty.

CV. And be it further enacted, That if amongst any Persons engaged in any Profession, Trade, Manufacture, On Change in Adventure, or Concern in Partnership together, any Change shall take place in any such Partnership, either by Parmerlh ps Death or Dissolution of Partnership, as to all or any of the Partners, or by admitting any other Partner therein Dut>* before the Time of making the Assessment, or within the Period for which the Assessment ought to be made p^ffrV'oT'ihc*-under this Act, or if any Person shall have Tucceeded to any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, or any Adventure Bufmef* or Concern within such respective Periods as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioner.v antecedent 10 and they, and also the Party or Parties interested, and every Officer acting in the Execution of this Act, shall thf ChH,*Sc; ,

compute and ascertain the Duty payable in respect of such Partnership, or any of such Partners, or any Person c*lc or

succeeding to such Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, or Adventure, or Concern, according to the Profits and D^.oiion. Gains of such Business derived during the respective Periods herein mentioned, notwithstanding such Change f. 148.] therein, or Succession to such Business as aforesaid, unless such Partners or Partner, or such Person succeeding

to

4-o6

Profits of i» v in

IlHtnrf, & '.fluH 1):i\.-.fed

in G»e.*tt>riM: n uKrrt* riu? Pji ty U 1\ side lit.

Officers of S'ntc, ice. for Ireland, though rtfieirg in Great Britain, Oia i be chargeable as Subject % reading

Pro firs of Foreign or Colonial Possessions or Scciriliesmay te a fie fled in London, Biiiiol, Liverpoel, or GUfgow, according to Importdti.i«or Remittances.

For levying the Duties in Schedule (D)additional CumniilTniners, [s-'f.5.] thall fiminion AssessT>is, and administer Oath to thou, ( fir f. zzfi) and give Them their Warrants and Infir unions.

A iT. Tors shall fix genet*1 Notices on Church D.»or«, See. ic^uiiinj Persons to deliver Lists within 2i Days. [See f. 123 CSV.]

Such gen ral Notice lufficiertt.

Penalty i«n*t!rfatingame

ti ir exceeding

ael.

AiUffi«, rs shall n Isvf-r N e.c s hr tue H ui. s of

Perfom chaigf-

aMe, wru> (h ill driver >, tuc-nienfv to addi i »r>al Com milhoners. [Ur I15, 123.]

0.49* III. AiD. iSo*

to such Business as aforesaid, shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, that the Profits and Gains of such Business have fallen short or will fall lliort, from same speciiick Cause to bt alledged to them, since such Change or Succession took place, or by reason thereof.

CVl. And be it further enacted, That the Duty to be assessed by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Profits or Gains arising from Possessions or Securities in Ireland, upon any Person resident in Great Britain as aforesaid, may be Hated to and assessed by the respective additional Commissioners acting for the respective Places where the Persons receiving or entitled unto the same shall reside, under the Regulations herein after mentioned; and if the same shall be received by any Agent, Attorney, or Fadlor, such Agent, Attorney, or Fadlor, shall make inch Return of the Name and Place of Abode of the Person entitled thereto, as is herein required to be made of other Persons of full Age resident in Great Britaint or if not of full Age, shall be answerable for doing all Ach, Matters, and Things, as shall be required by this Act to be done, in order to the assessing such Profits to the said last mentioned Duties, and paying the same.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective Persons holding Offices in Ireland, or serving in Parliament, who shall or may be exempted from any Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall, under the like Circumstances under which such Exemptions are to be claimed, be chargeable to the Duties under this Act, in like Manner only as Subjects of His Majesty residing out of Great Britain.

out of Great Britain. [$« §93, Sc 43 G. 3. c. 161. 'Schedule L ]

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty to'be affqffed by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Profits or Gains arising from Foreign Possessions or Foreign Securities, or in the British Plantations in America, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, may be Hated to and assessed by the respective Commissioners acting for the respective Places herein after mentioned, videlicet, London, Bristol, Liverpool, and Glasgow, according to the Regulations herein after mentioned, as if such Duty had been assessed upon the Profits or Gains arising from Trade or Manufacture carried on in such Places respectively, and such Duty shall be Hated to, and assessed and charged by the Commissioners adiing for such of the said Places at or neareff to which such Property shall have been first imported into Great Britain, or at or neareff to which the Person who shall have received such Remittances, Money, or Value from thence, and arising from Property not imported as aforesaid, shall reside; and, in Default of the Owner or Proprietor thereof being charged, the Truffee, Agent, or Receiver of such Profits or Gain shall be charged for the fame, and shall be answerable for the doing all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as shall be required by this Act to be done, in order to the assessing such Profits to the Duties granted by this Ad\, and paying the fame, whether the Person or Persons to whom the said Profits belong shall be resident in Great Britain or not.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That for the ordering, raising, and levying the Duties contained in Schedule (D.), the additional Commissioners authorized to be named or selected as aforesaid, shall, at the first Meeting to be held under this Act, or at a Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose, or any Two of them present at stich Meeting, direct their Precept or Precepts to such Person and Persons as the Commissioners for general Purposes shall have appointed Assessor or Assessors for the Execution of this Act, or in case no such Appointment shall have been made, then to the Assessor or Assessors for the Land Tax, the Duties on Houses and Windows, or any other Duties charged by Assessment in their, respective Diffridte, requiring them to appear before the said additional Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; and shall at such their Appearance administer to them the Oath required to be taken by this Act, and issue to them their Warrants of Appointments as Assessors in the Execution of this Act, signed by Two or more of the Commissioners for general Purposes, and such Inffrudl o is duly filled up as shall be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors to be appointed to execute this Act shall, within the Time and in the Manner directed by the Precept of the additional Commissioners under this Act, cause general Notices to be affixed on the Door of the Church or Chapel, and Market House or Cross (if any) of the City, Town, Parish, or Place for which such Assessors act, and if such City, Town, Parish, or Place, shall not have a Church or Chapel, or Market House or Cross, then on the neareff Church or Chapel to such City, Town, Parish, or Place, requiring all Persons, who are by this A cl required to make out and deliver any List, Declaration, or Statement, to make out and deliver to the respective Commissioners or to their Clerk, at their respective Offices to be described in such Notice, all such Lifts, Declarations, and Statements accordingly, within such Time as shall be limited by such Precept, and which shall not in any Case be later than Twenty-one Days from the Date of such Precept; and such general Notices shall, when the same shall be made as aforesaid, be deemed sufficient Notice to all Persons resident in such City, Town, Parish, or Place, and the affixing the same in Manner aforesaid shall be deemed good Service of such Notice; and the said respective Assessors shall cause the said Notices to be from Time to Time replaced (if necessary) for the Space of Ten Days before the Time required for the Delivery of such Lifts, Declarations, and Statements as aforesaid; and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such Notice so affixed, during the said Space of Ten Days, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts respectively.

CXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, within the like Time after receiving the Precept of the Commissioners under this Act, give Notice to every Householder, or Occupier of any Apartment where the Dwelling House shall be let in different Apartments, and to every Lodger, Inmate, or »ther Person chargeable to the said Duties, and residing within the Limits of the said Places where such Assessors shall act, or leave the same at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Residence, requiring every such Person to prepare and deliver, in Manner herein after directed, all such Lifts, Declarations, and Statements, as they are respectively required to do by this Act, within such Time us shall be limited by such Precept

4t witluu

C. 49.

407

within the Period before-mentioned; and if any Person residing within any Parish or Place at the Time such

feneral Notice as aforesaid shall be given, or to whom such Notice shall be personally given, or at whose Dwelling louse or Place of residence the same shall be left, shall refuse or neglect to make out such Lifts, Declarations, or Statements, as may be applicable to such Person, and as the Case may require, and deliver the same in Manner herein after directed, within the Time limited in such Notice, then mch additional Commissioners shall forthwith issue a Summons under their Hands, or the Hands of any Two or more of them, to all such Persons making Default as aforesaid, in order that the Duty and Penalty for such Refusal or Neglect may be duly levied.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Lift, Declaration, or Statement of the Profits to be charged under Schedule (D.) shall be delivered to the Assessor or Assessor6 of the same Parish or Place, or One of them; except Statements containing the Amount of Profits estimated as aforesaid in such Cases where the additional Commissioners acting for such Parish or Place shall have caused to be inserted in the Notice that an Office is open for the Receipt of Statements of Profits, and a proper Person appointed to receive the same, and the Time and Place of Attendance, in which Cases the Delivery of such Statements shall be made at such Office to the Person there appointed, and not elsewhere; provided that the Delivery of all Lifts and Declarations, not being such Statements of Profits, shall be made to the Assessor or Assessors as hereby directed; and if any Dispute shall arise whether any Statement of Profits hath been delivered into such Office, no other Proof thereof ftiafl be admitted than the Production of a Receipt under the Hand of the proper Person to whom the same ought to have been delivered, and such Person is hereby required to give such Receipt accordingly gratis, and on unstamped Paper.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, when required so to do by any Notice given in pursuance of this Act, shall, within the Period to be mentioned in such Notice, prepare and deliver to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Person shall reside, a List in Writing, containing, to the best of his or her Belief, the proper Name and Names of every Lodger or Inmate resident in his, her, or their Dwelling House, and of other Persons in his or their Service or Employ, whether resident in such Dwelling House or not, and the Place of Residence of such of them as are not resident in such Dwelling House 5 and also of any such Lodger or Inmate who shall have an ordinary Place of Residence elsewhere, ct which, he or file is entitled, under the Regulations of this Act, to be assessed, who shall be desirous of being so assessed at such Place of ordinary Residence, which Lifts shall be signed by the respective Parties delivering the fame, and shall severally be made out in such Form as shall be directed under the Authority; of this Act.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be in the Receipt of any Money or Valuey or the Profits or Gains arising from any of the Sources mentioned in Schedule (D.) chargeable by this Act, of or belonging to any other Person or Persons, in whatever Character the same shall be received (except Bankers or Persons acting as such as aforesaid) shall, within the like Period, prepare and deliver, in Manner Before directed, a List in Writing, in such Form as aforesaid, signed by him or her, containing the Name and Names* and Place or Places of Abode of each and every Person to whom any such Property shall belong, together with a Declaration whether such Person is of full Age, or a married Woman living with her Husband, or resident in Great Britain, or an Infant, Idiot, Lunatick, or insane Person, or a married Woman for whose Payment of the Duty hereby charged on her, the Husband is not accountable by this Act #, in order that such Person, according to a Statement to be delivered as herein mentioned, may be charged either in the Name of the Person delivering such Lift, if the same shall be so chargeable, or in the Name of the Person or Persons to whom such Property shall belong, if of full Age and resident in Great Britain, and the same be so^ chargeable by this Act; and every Person acting in such Character jointly with any other Person or Persons, shall deliver a List of the Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons joined with him or her at the Time of delivering such Lift, and to* the same Persons to whom such Lift shall be delivered.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person chargeable under the said Schedule marked (D.) shall, when required so to do, wrhether by any general or particular Notice given in pursuance of this Act, within the Period to be ipentioned in such Notice as aforesaid, prepare and delive^ to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, a Statement in Writing, to be made out in such Form a6 before directed, signed by him or her, containing the Amount of the Balance of the Profits or Gains arising to such Person or Persons respectively, fram all and every of the Sources charged-by the said recited Act, according to the said Schedule marked (D.); which Amount shall be estimated for the Period* and according to the respective Rules contained in the Schedule of this Act marked (D.); to-which Statement shall be added a Declaration, that the same is estimated on all the Sources contained in the said Schedule, describing the fame, after fetrting against, or deducting from such Profits or Gains, such Sums, and no other, as are allowed by this Act; and every such Statement shall be made, exclusive of Profits or Gains of any Property, or any Office or Employment of Profit, which ought to be charged by virtue of any other of the Schedules contained in this Aftr, and also exclusive of the Profits and Gains arising from Intrrcfl of Money, arising out of the Property of any other Person or Persons, for which such other Person or Persons ought to be charged by virtue of this Act: Provided that in ever)' such Return, where the Party shall be liable unto, or shall be answerable for the Duties contained in the Schedule marked fC)it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required, in a separate Statement to be made out as aforesaid, to deliver an Account of the Amount of Duty wherewith he, she, or they ought to be charged by virtue of the said Schedule, in Manner before directed.

Persons negltdling lo deliver Lifts, &c. shall be

sum rrom*d by Commissioners tlm the Penalty

[/«'»*] may be let icd.

Lift* and Statements shall be delivered to Assessurs, or to Office for tl.c Purpose.

Persons shall deliver in Lists of tl.c Names of Lodgers, Inmates, and Servants*

Perfom acting-fur others (except Bifker>)? shall deliver in Lifts, in order to the Duty being duly charged ©a the Parties liable.

S?e f. 101m

Trustees, Jkc. shall statcNarae, &c. of their Co-Trustees.

Statements shall; be delivered

purfuartt to Notice [ fee f,

iic, tit] by Patties of the Am unt of P.ufir* ch.vgc-able ui.d.r Schedule (D.) with ik

Declaration of the Manner of estimating.

Such Statement shall nc exclusive of other Profits, &c.

Sec f. 192. Duties under Schedule (C)[See f. 72, 78.], may he dated separately.

408 C. 49.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Trb flees ef

incapacitated 1'cifons (h ill deliver Slate-merits.

One Statement

only requisite ft cm joint Trustees.

Relief to Tru flees on double Assessrnenti. [See/. I4y*j

Officer* of Cot potations shall deliver Statements, the EAimatcs for which shall be made for Dividends paid.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person, who shall act in any Character as aforesaid for any other Person or Persons who by reason of any such Incapacity as aforesaid cannot be charged by virtue of this Act, shall also, within the like Period, deliver to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same under this Act, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, in the same District in which such Person or Persons ought to be charged on his or their own Account, a Statement in Writing, signed by him, her, or them, and to be made in such Form as before directed, of the Amount of the Balance of Profits and Gains to be charged on him, her, or them, on Account of such other Person or Persons, estimated during the Period and according to the Rules contained in the said Schedule, together with such Declaration of the Manner of estimating the same as aforesaid; Provided always, that where Two or or more such Persons shall be liable to be charged for the same Person or Persons, one Statement only shall be required, and such Statement shall be delivered by them jointly, or by One or more of them, on Behalf of him, her, or themselv?s, and the rest of the Persons so liable; and it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, to give Notice in Writing to the additional Commissioners acting in each District, where they or any of them shall be called upon for such Statement, in what Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places they are respectively chargeable by this Act, on their, or his or her own Account, and in which of the said Parishes or Pl?ces they are desirous of being so charged on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons for whom they io aft in any of the Characters before-mentioned, and they shall be assessed accordingly by one Assessment, in such Parish or Place, provided any one of such Persons shall be liable to be charged on his or her own Account in such Parish or Place; and if more than one Assessment shall be made on such Persons, or any of them, on the same Account, they and every of them shall be relieved from such double Assessment, by like Applications to the Commissioners, as are allowed in other Cases by this Act.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Officer before described of any Corporation, Fraternity, Fellowship, Company, or Society, not otherwise to be charged as aforesaid, shall also, within the like Period, prepare and deliver in like Manner a Statement of the Balance of the Profits and Gains to be charged ou such Corporation, Fraternity, Fellowship, Company, or Society, computed according to the Directions of this Act, together with such Declaration of the Manner of estimating the same as aforesaid; and such Estimate shall be made on the Amount of the Balance of the annual Profits and Gains of such Corporation, Fraternity, Fellowship, Company, or Society, before any Dividend shall have been made thereof to any other Person or Persons, or publick Bodies having any Share, Right, or Title in or to such Profits or Gains, and all such other Person or Persons, and publick Bodies shall allow out of such Dividends a proportionate Deduction in respect But not including of the Duty so charged; provided that nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to require in such Officers* Sulaiy. Statement the Inclufton of Salaries, Wages, or Profits of any Officer of such Corporation, Fraternity, Exemption atto Fellowship, Company, or Society, otherwise chargeable under this Act: Provided also, that the Statements of

B^nk, tec. the several Companies of the Bank, East India and South Sea, shall be made exclusive of the Dividends and the

Profits attached thereto, and to be divided amongst the Proprietors of the respective Stocks Belonging to such Companies.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought by this Act to deliver any List, Declaration, or Statement as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do within the Time limited in such Notice,

I ?iU° zo^and* or un^er any Pretence shall wilfully delay the Delivery thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum double Duty*n not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and Double the Duty at which such Persons might to be charged by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act 5 such Penalty to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered by the said recited Acts respectively; and the increased Duty to be added to the Assessment; but nevertheless subject to such Stay of Prosecution or other Proceedings, by a subsequent Delivery of such Lift, Declaration, or Statement, in the Cases following; videlicet. If any Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, or other Person hereby required to deliver such Lift, Declaration, or Statement, on Behalf of any other Person or Persons, shall deliver an imperfect Lift, Declaration, or Statement, declaring him or herself unable to give a more perfect Lift* Declaration, or Statement, with the Reasons for such Inability, and the said Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, the said Trustee, Agent, or Receiver, or other Person as aforesaid, shall not be liable to such Penalty* in case the Commissioners shall grant further Time for the Delivery thereof, and such Trustee, Agent, Receiver, or other Person, shall, within the Time so granted, deliver a List, Declaration, or Schedule, as perfect as the Nature of the Case will enable him or her to prepare and deliver.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Statement shall include all and every Source and Sources chargeable, in respect of the said Duties contained in Schedule (D.) herein recited, on the Person or Persons delivering the fame, on his or their own Account, or on Account of any other Person or Persons, arrd may also include therein the Amount to be charged on such Persons in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (C.) and every Person shall be chargeable in respect of the Whole of such Duties in one and the same Division, and by the same Commissioners (except in Cases where the same Person or Persons shall be engaged in different Concerns relating to Trade or Manufacture in divers Places, in each of which Cases vl separate Assessment of the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) aforesaid, may be made in respect of each Concern, as the Case may require) at the Rate prescribed by this Act; and every such Statement on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, for which such Person or Persons shall be chargeable as acting in any of the Characters before described, or on the Behalf of any Corporation, Fellowship, Fraternity, Company, or Society, shall include all and every Source and Sources chargeable as last aforesaid; and every such Statement on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons shall be delivered in the same Division where such Person or Persons shall be chargeable, on his, her, or their own Account, and such other Person or Persons shall be charged by the same Commissioners by whom the Person or Persons delivering such Statement is or are chargeable, except where different Persons chargeable on their own Account in different Districts, shall be joined and shall act together in any of the said

Characters,

[Serf. 31.]

Penalty on Person* neglect

Exemption in favour of Trustees, tec.

Statements shall include the whole Charge under Schedule (D.) and may also ineludc that under Schedule <-'.)

Duties shall be charged in one Division except in case of ditferc nt Concerns. Statrments by Trufltes, Officeis, fee. shall include all Duties chargeable.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 49.

Chambers, in which Case one Assessment shall be made in respect of such Trust Property in One of the said Districts only, as herein-before is directed, and the different Persons acting together in such Character as aforesaid shall or may be charged on their own Account in other DistriCfcs, and as the Case may require.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Householder, (except Persons engagedin any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture), shall be charged to the said last mentioned Duties by Commissionera acting for the Parish or Place where his or her Dwelling House shall be situate 5 and every Person engaged in any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, shall be chargeable by the respective Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Profession shall be executed, or such Trade or Manufacture shall be carried on $ and every Person not being a Householder, nor engaged in any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, who shall hav£ any Place of ordinary Residence, shall be charged by the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where he or she shall ordinarily reside; and every Person not herein-before described, shall be charged by the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Person shall reside at the Time of beginning to execute this Act, by giving such general Notices as are herein mentioned 5 and every such Charge made in such Parish or Place shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding the subsequent Removal of the Person so charged from the Parish or Place: and in order that the Place where the said last mentioned Duties are to be charged may be ascertained, every Person is hereby required, on the Delivery of any List or Statement as aforesaid, at the same Time to deliver a Declaration in Writing, figoed by him or her, declaring in what Place he or she is chargeable, and whether he or she is engaged in any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, or not, and if he or she shall be so engaged in any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, the Place or Places where the same shall be carried on, and the particular Profession or Professions, or Trade or Trades, in which he, she, or they shall be engaged in such Place.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person, not being engaged in any Profession, Trade, or Manufacture, having Two or more Houses or Places at which he or she shall be ordinarily resident, shall be charged at such of the Parishes or Places wherein the said Dwelling House is situate, in which he or she shall be ordinarily resident at the Time of beginning to execute this Act, in relation to the said last mentioned Duties, by giving such general Notices as are herein mentioned, or in which he or she shall first come ordinarily to reside after giving such general Notices.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person shall, if required by the respective Commissioners, deliver at each Parish or Place, if he or she shall reside* or exercise any Profession, or carry on Trade, in different Parishes or Places, the like Lifts, Declarations, and Statements, as he or she is hereby required to deliver in the Parish or Place where such Person ought to be charged, but shall not be liable to any Double Charge by reason thereof; and all Lifts, Declarations, and Statements hereby required to be made, shall or may be delivered sealed up, if superferibed with the Name and Place of Abode of, or the Place of exercislag the Profession or carrying on Trade by, the Person by whom the same shall have been made, to the respective Persons, and in Manner herein directed.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessor or Assessors shall make out an alphabetical Lift, and deliver the same to the Clerk of the said respective additional Commissioners, containing the Names -of all Persons to or on whom such last mentioned Notices have been delivered or served in pursuance of this Act, distinguishing the Persons who have duly made their Returns, and the Persons who have omitted to make such Returns, and also the Persons who shall have been returned as in the Service or Employ of sny Master, and as having a Residence out of the Limits of such Assessor or Assessors, to the End that the said Commissioners may judge of the Conduct of such Assessors in executing this Act; and if such Assessor or Assessors shall have neglected to give Notice to any Person to whom the same ought to be delivered, the said additional Commissioners may at any Time afterwards direct such Notices to be delivered to or served on such Persons by such Assessors respectively; and may also from Time to Time direct the like Notices to be delivered to or served on any Person or Persons coming to reside in any Parish or Place after the Expiration of such Notices 5 and if such Directions shall not be given, the Inspector or Surveyor for the District may at such Times as aforesaid cause Notices to be delivered.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors, or One of them, for every Parish or Place, shall personally appear before the said additional Commissioners at their First Meeting, or such other Meetings as such Assessors shall be appointed to attend, and shall then and there produce to the said additional Commissioners a List of the Names of all the Persons to whom such Notices as last aforesaid have been delivered injmrfuance of this Act, and shall also make Oath or solemn Affirmation before them, that the several Notices required to be delivered to Householders and Occupies, and also to Lodgers and Inmates by this Act, have been duly served in the Manner required thereby, upon all Householders and Occupiers, and upon all Inmates and Lodgers within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessor shall have been appointed, to the belt of his Knowledge; and that general Notices to the Effect mentioned in this Act have been duly affixed, in the Manner required by this Act, on such proper Places within the City, Town, or Place for which such Assessor shall aCfc, as by this Act is required; and that the Lift delivered by him contains the Name of every Person within the said Limits, to whom such Notices ought to be delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, within the Knowledge of such Assessor; and every Assessor who shall neglect to appear before such Commissioners, and to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall not return the Name or Names of any Person or Persons whose Name ought to be included in any such Lift as by this Act is required, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts respectively.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the said respective Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed, abstract the Return of Statements delivered to such additional Commissioners, or at their

45 Geo. III. 3 G Office,

409

Wherfe Stale-racntiby Trustees See. shall be delivered, and the Charge made.

In whatDiflrilU the Duties shall be charged.

Declaration shall be delivered by the Party of the PDce in which he is chargeable. Sc c.

How Persons not engaged in 'Trade having T vroJtefidcnces, shall be charged.

Statements shall be delivered at each Place of Residence, See. and m.iy be delivered sealed up, , &c.

[S<r/. 112.]

AflVflbrs shall make out a List of Notices.

[See f. 1 io, I I I.J

New or additional Notices may be delivered.

Assessor* shall verify the Delivery of Notices and the affixing of general Notices.

[See /. 110, 711.]

Penalty cn Assessor for Negledi 20).

Ahftn<ft shall be made «.f Returns of Statements

4io C. 49.

45# GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

delivered to Office, into Book* to be provided for that Purpose, and according to such Forms as shall be transmitted to Commissioners, them from the Office of Taxes: such Abstracts to contain the Names of Persons making such Returns arranged wh?ch in-° alphabetically, according to the Wards, Parishes, and Places in which they shall reside, and the several Amounts speSorf^ Sec. °* Fr°fits returned by them respectively, to be laid before and delivered to the said additional Commissioners: may haveAcccfs, and all such Returns shall be numbered and filed in the Office of the said Commissioners, and carefully kept, so long as the Accounts of the said last mentioned Duties for such District s, or any Part thereof, shall remain unpaid to His Majesty; to all which Book and Books any Inspector or Surveyor, who shall have taken the Oath herein prescribed before the Commissioners acting for the same Districts respectively, shall have free Access at all seasonable Times, and shall take such Copies thereof, or of such Parts thereof, or Extracts from the same, as he shall deem necessary in order to the due Execution of this Act.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective additional Commissioners shall appoint Meetings within their respective Districts, for taking all Statements, then and from Time to Time be delivered to them, into Consideration, within a reasonable Time after the Inspector or Surveyor shall have had the Examination of such Statements; and in case the said Commissioners respectively shall be satisfied that any such Statement hath been bond side made according to the Provisions of this Act, and so as to enable the

+Commissioners to charge the Personn or Persons returning the same, with the full Duties with which he, she, or they ought to be charged on Account thereof, or more; and in case no Information shall be given to the said Commissioners of the Insufficiency thereof, or no Objection shall be made thereto by the Inspector or Surveyor, which he is hereby empowered to make for sufficient Cause, the said Commimoners shall direct an Assessment to be made of the Duties chargeable on such Statement by virtue of this Act.

CXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Surveyor or Inspector shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, jiflatijfjflory to and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful for such

mav^ate f Cafe Surveyor or Inspector to require the said Commissioners to (late specially, and sign the Case upon which the

to Commissionera Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon, which Case the said Commissioners, or the for their Opinion, major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to ' be by him transmitted to the Commissioners for general Purposes for the same District, who are hereby required,

with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to the Case so transmitted, with their Opinion thereon subscribed thereto 5 according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Instance in which any Person shall have made Default in the Delivery of any Statement, such Person not having been otherwise charged to the said last mentioned Duties, or if the said additional Commissioners shall not be satisfied with the Statement delivered by any Person or Persons, or any Objection shall be made thereto by the Inspector or Surveyor (which he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to do in Writing, setting forth the Cause and Causes thereof, whenever he or they shall see sufficient Cause) or the said additional Commissioners shall have received any Information of the their Judgement. Insufficiency of any Statement, the said additional Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall make Subject to 8111 Assessment on such Person in such Sum as, according to the best of their Judgement, ought to be charged Appeal. on such Persons by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act 5 which Assessment shall be subject to an

/. 133.] Appeal, according to the Directions herein after contained.

Additional

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the additional Commissioners shall think it proper to

Commissionera refer any Statement to the Commissioners for general Purposes, without making any Assessment thereon, it Suf " n* to k* ^or t^iem to d° on delivering to them the Case in Writing relative to such Statement, as the Commissioners some appear to them, with any Matter in question between them either as to Law or Fast, and the said

Additionol Commissioners shall consider Statements and 'make Ash.iT roents on inch at appear satisfactofy.

IS" J. 131.3

when such Statement it

and AssessTment shall be made accordingly.

In default of State meitf, additional Commissioners tnay make an Assessment according to

without making Commissioners for general Purposes shall proceed to inquire into the Merits of such Statement, in like Manner

Assessment

as they would have been hereby authorized to do in case the said additional Commissioners had made an Assessment on such Statement, and the Party charged had appealed against such Assessment.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector or Surveyor, being Tworn as aforesaid, shall and may at all seasonable Times inspect and examine any Assessment which shall be made as last aforesaid, before the Delivery thereof to the Commissioners for general Purposes; and in case he shall discover any amcmicu on Error in the fame, which in his Judgement shall require Amendment, he shall certify the same to the said their Certificate, additional Commissioners by whom the Assessments shall have been made 5 and the said additional Commissioners, upon sufficient Cause being shewn to them, shall amend the same as in their Judgement the Case shall require.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Surveyor or Inspector shall object to the Amount of the Duty charged by any Assessment by additional Commissioners, which he is hereby empowered to do in each and every CaTe upon sufficient Cause, he shall state such Objection to the additional Commissioners of the District in Writing as before directed, who, or any Two or more of them, shall thereupon certify the same to the Commissioners for general Purposes in the same District, together with the Reasons for making such Assessment, and any Information they shall have obtained respecting the fame; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall also give such Notice thereof to the Party assessed, as he is required to do fSee antef. iz6 1 ^7 fovera^ recited Acts respectively in Cases of Surcharge, in order that the Party so charged may be at

I teanej. .j to appear before the said Commissioners for general Purposes, according to the Directions herein

contained, iu support of such Assessment.

Additional CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Commissioners shall cause Certificates of the Commissioners Assessments to be duly made out for each Ward, Parish, or Place, within their respective Districts, containing the

Name*

Inspectors, Sic, ltuy examine Assessments, which may be amended on

Surveyor, cc. shall fiate his Objection lo A fifi Aments in Writing, and give Notice to the Party, as under 43 G.3.

a 99, 'iso-

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 49.

411

Names and Surnames of the Parties charged, and the Rums which they respectively ought to pay by virtue of m*ke up this and the said recited Act, and shall cause such Certificates to be entered in Books provided for that Purpose, d dcl, vef according to such Forms as shall be transmitted to them by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they or any Two or more of them, shall sign the fame, and deliver the fame, so entered apd signed, to the fcaica, to*Commissioners for general Purposes in the same District, under Cover sealed up; and shall also cause all Comnuffioner*. Statements, Lifts, and Declarations, returned to them by any Party or Parties, or by the Assessors, to be delivered at the same Time to the said Commissioners for general Purposes.

CXXX1IL And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think him or herself aggrieved by an Persons Assessment made by the additional Commissioners as aforesaid, or by any Objection to such Assessment made by aKr*Trcd any Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him or her respectively to appeal to the Commissioners Affenjnenti^fce. for general Purposes, in the same District where such Assessment was made, on giving Ten Days Notice commiSoner. thereof to the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector 5 and all Appeals to be ma^e in pursuance of this Act shall be heard and determined by the respective Commissioners acting for general Purposes, for the same District where the Cause of Appeal arofc, and not otherwise. Ti(rte for

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for general Purposes shall appoint a Time receiving for receiving Appeals, as soon after the Assessments shall be returned to them by the additional Commissioners Appeals shall be as conveniently can be done; and the Assessora shall cause Notice thereof to be given, by affixing the same on fi*«d by Coro" the Church Door, Market House, or Cross, in the Parish or Place where they aft; and the Meetings of N^ccVivcn' br the Commissioners for that Purpose shall be held from Time to Time within the Time limited by the said Assessori/ Commissioners, with or without Adjournment; and no Appeal shall be received after the Time limited by the No Appeal shall said Commissioners, except on the Ground of Diminution of Income, as herein mentioned: Provided always, be received That if any Person shall be prevented from Absence, Sickness, or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the ^lcr» said Commissioners, from making or proceeding upon his Appeal, within the Time so limited, it shall be lawful £nlme, 0° for the said Commissioners to give further Time for that Purpose, or to admit the same to be made by any Agent, [See f. 147 J Clerk, or Servant, on the Behalf of such Appellant. or in case of Sickness, &c.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in order that all Appeals upon such last mentioned Assessments General Notice may be determined in due Time, the said Commissioners shall cause a general Notice to be stuck up in their of Time limited Office, or left with the Clerk of the Commissioners, and also to be affixed on the Door of the Church or hearing

Chapel of such Parish or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place in Cases requiring the same by reason of^ChuIcU

any such Place having no Church or Chapel, limiting the Time of hearing all Appeals, and which shall be limited to be heard within a reasonable Time after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and no Appeal shall be heard after the Time in such Notice to be limited, unless the Appeal shall be made on Behalf of any Person or Persons who shall be absent out of the Realm, or prevented by Sickness from attending in Person in the Time so to be limited, in which Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to postpone such Appeals from Time to Time, or to admit other Proof than the Oath or Affirmation of the Party, of the Truth of the several Matters required by this Act to be proved by the Oath or Affirmation of the Party: Provided always. Surveyors, &c. that any Surveyor or Inspector may object to any Assessment before or during the Time for hearing Appeals, not ('bje& but not afterwards, except in the Cases herein after mentioned, where any Person shall not have been assessed in a"c, w*rd*' respect of any particular Source or Sources of Profit or Property.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the receiving Notice of any Appeal against any AfiefT- In all Cases of ment made as last aforesaid, and also in every Case, where the Commissioners for general rurposes, or the APr d*nd,

major Part of them present, shall fee Cause to allow the Objection of such Surveyor or Inspector to such Objection

Assessment, the said Commissioners shall direct their Precept to the Person or Persons appealing, to return to surveyor, &c. is them, within the Time limited in such Precept, a Schedule containing such Particulars as the said Commissioners allowed, ' shall demand under the Authority of this Act, for their Information; either respecting the Particulars of the Cora mi (Goner* Property of such Person or Persons 5 or respecting the Trade, Manufiafture, Adventure, or Concern, in the rf9u, re bT Nature of Trade, carried on by such Person or Persons, or the Profession, Employment, or Vocation exercised scl'cduiVfiam by such Person or Persons; and the Amount of the Balance of the Profits and Gains of such Person or the p*rry. Persons so chargeable, distinguishing the particular Amounts derived from each separate Source before mentioned; or respecting the Particulars of the Deductions from any of such Profits or Gains made in such Statements or Schedules; and which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to demand at their Discretion, whenever the same shall appear to them necessary for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, and so from Time to Time until a complete Schedule, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, of all the Particulars required by them, shall be delivered; and every such Precept, being delivered to or left at the last Service of such r usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be arrested, shall be binding upon 1>rcc°Pt-such Person and Persons according to the Exigency of such Precept 5 or in case such Person or Persons mall have removed from the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, or cannot be found, or his, her, or their Place of Abode shall not be known, then upon fixing such Brecept on the Door of the Church of the Place where the Commissioners shall meet in the Execution of this Act, or fixing up the same in their Office, such Precept p -shall also be binding upon such Person or Persons according to the Exigency thereof, and such Person or r ntC

Persons shall make the Return required by the said Commissioners within the Time limited in such Precept, Schedule, under the Penalty in this Act contained, and subject to such Charge as the said Commissioners are hereby [See /. 59, 144.} authorized to make in such Case; to which Schedule any Inspector or Surveyor, sworn as aforesaid, shall have«

free Access at all reasonable Times, and shall take such Copies thereof, or of any Parts thereof, or Extracts from the same, as he shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act. c

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inspector or Surveyor, sworn ^as Surveyor, &c. aforesaid, within a reasonable Time to be allowed by the said Commissioners for general Purposes after he shall may object to

3 G 2 have

Schedule, and give Notice to the Paity.

*{Sets. 133.]

Commissioners

over-ruling

Objeifltans, or fari'fied with Assessment or Schedule, may cor.hrm or alter the AflTcfTimnt accordingly.

May require Verification of Schedule on Oath.

Party may amend Schedule before Oath.

After such Verification, Assessment shall be final.

Commissioner* may put Questioni in Writing to Parties touching AfTcflrnent, pr Schedules.

Pa1 tie* or their Agents may return Answers, or may attend Commissioners, and object to Questions, or refuse to answer.

C jmmlflionen may call upon the Party to verify their Answers or Examination on Oath.

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

have had the Examination of such Schedules, to object to the fame, or any Part thereof, and to '{late such Objections in Writing, and the Ca'use or Causes thereof, to the bed of his Knowledge or Information, which shall be allowed and signed by Two or more of the said Commissioners for general Purposes; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall in every Case of objecting to such Schedule, deliver a Notice in' Writing of such Objection to the Party or Parties to be charged, or leave the same at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode respectively, under Cover, sealed up and directed to such Party, in order that such Party or Parties may be at liberty to appeal from the same to the said Commissioners as herein is directed*: Provided always, that no Assessment shall be confirmed, of any Alteration therein be made, until the Appeal upon such Objection or Assessment shall be heard and determined, according to the Directions of this Act.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon receiving the Objections of such Surveyor or Inspector to any Schedule, the said Commissioners or the major Part of them present at any Meeting for the Purpose of taking such Objections into Consideration, shall fee Cause to disallow such Objections, or if upon hearing of any such Appeal as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall be satisfied with the Assessment made by the additional Commissioners, or after Delivery of a Schedule they shall be satisfied therewith, and shall have received no Information of the Insufficiency thereof^ the said Commissioners for general Purposes shall direct such Assessment to be confirmed or altered according to such Schedule, as the Case may require, and shall direct an Assessment to be made of the Duties chargeable on the Statement or Statements contained in such Schedule; provided, that in every Case where they mall think proper that the said Statement on which the addditional Commissioners made their Assessment, or the Schedule delivered to the Commissioners for general Purposes should be verified, they shall direct the Assessor or Assessors to give Notice thereof to the Person or Persons to be charged with the said Duties, and to appear before them to verify the same in the Manner herein after mentioned; and every such Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall and he is hereby required to appear before the said Commissioners for general Purposes, and on Oath or foleran Affirmation as aforesaid, to verify the Contents of his, het % or their Statement or Schedule, and to sign and subscribe the lame with his or her proper Name; and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, that the Contents of such Schedule are true, to the best of his or her Judgement or Belief, and that the same contains the just Balance of the Profits and Gains arising from the Source or Sources therein contained, after making such Deductions as are therein Hated, and that no Deduction or Deductions whatever than such as are therein stated, have been made from the Profits or Gains accounted for, and to such Amount only as is therein stated: Provided always, that such Person shall be at liberty to amend such Statement or Schedule, before he or she shall be required to take such path or Affirmation; and after such Oath or Affirmation, and in every Case where such Schedule shall not have been objected to as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, they shall make an Assessment according to Tuck Statement or Schedule on the Amount therein stated, at which the Duty therein shall have been computed; and every such Assessment made, after Verification of such Schedule, shall be final and conclusive as to the Matters contained in such Schedule.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Commissioners for general Purposes shall be dissatisfied with any Assessment returned by the additional Commissioners to them, or with any Schedule delivered to them, or shall require further Information respecting the fame, or either of them, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to put any Question or Questions touching such Assessment, or the Contents of such Schedule, or any of them, or touching any of the Matters which ought to be contained therein, or any Sums which shall have been set against or deducted from the Profits or Gains to be estimated in such Assessment or Schedule, and the Particulars thereof in Writing, and to demand an Answer accordingly from such Person or Persons, signed by him, her, or them, and so from Time to Time whenever the said Commissioners shall think the same necessary, and shall from Time to Time issue their Precept or Precepts, requiring true and particular Answers to be given to such Questions, of which Three Days Notice at least shall be given to him or them 5 and every such Person shall make true and particular Answers in Writing, .signed by him or her, to such Questions, within the Time limited by such Precept, or shall, within the like Period, tender him or herself before the said Commissioners for general Purposes, to be examined by them viva voct to such Matters; and every Person required to make such Answers, or appearing before the said Commissioners to be examined as a Party, or as the Clerk, Agent, or Servant of such Party as herein after is mentioned, shall be permitted to give his or her Answers either in Writing as aforesaid or viva voce, without having taken any Oath or Affirmation, and shall be at liberty to object to any Question, and peremptorily to refuse answering the same; and the Substance of such Answer or Answers as he or she shall give viva voce shall, in his or ner Presence, be reduced into Writing, and read to him or her, and he or she shall be at liberty to alter any Part thereof, and also to alter or amend any Particular contained in his or hef Answers in Writing, or in any Schedule or Declaration, before he or she shall be called upon to verify the same in the Manner herein directed; and every such Schedule shall be altered or amended as shall seem requisite after such Enquiry or Examination.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for general Purposes, in every such Case as aforesaid, whenever the said vCommissioners shall think the same necessary, to require such Person or Persons upon whom any Assessment hath been made by the additional Commissioners, with which the said Commissioners for general Purposes are dissatisfied, or from whom such Schedules or Answers in Writing as aforesaid have been received, to verify the fame, and upon Appearance of such Person or Persons to permit him or them to alter or amend the fame, and thereupon to administer to such Person or Persons the Oath or Affirmation herein after mentioned, and also to require any Person or Persons who shall have been examined viva voce before them, to verify his, her, or their Examination on such Oath or Affirmation, which Oaths or Affirmations any One or more of the said Copunissioners is and are here empowered to administer;

8»and

413

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 49.

and which Oaths or Affirmations respectively shall be, that the Contents of the said Statements or Schedules are true to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief, and contain a full and true Account of the Balance of all the Profits and Gains of the Deponent or Deponents chargeable by this Act, to the bed of his or her Knowledge and Belief, and of all and every Deduction made from his or her Profits or Gains in adjusting such Balance; or that the Contents of all such Answeefs in Writing, as shall have been returned to the said Commissioners by him or them, as the same are then dated, or that the Contents of his or her Examination, as the same have been reduced into Writing, are true; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be subscribed by the Party taking the same.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for general Purposes Commissioneri to summon in like Manner any Person or Persons, whom they shall think able to give Evidence or Tedimony respecting the Assessment made or to be made on any such Person or Persons, to appear before them to be examine them examined, and to examine all such Persons who shall so appear before them on Oath or Affirmation (except the Clerk, ou Oath. Agent, or Servant of the Person or Persons to be charged, or other Person confidentially intruded or employed in the Affairs of such Party or Parties to be charged, and who shall respectively be examined, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Restrictions, as are herein-before provided for the vivA voce Examination of any Party or Parties, touching the Aff. Aments to be charged on him, her, or them*); which Oath or [$«/39«] Affirmation any One or more of the said Commissioners is ana are hereby empowered to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, that the Tedimony or Evidence to be given by him, her, or them, shall contain the whole Truth and nothing but the Truth, in respect of the Matter in quedion, concerning which such Evidence or Tedimony is to be given; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be subscribed by the Person taking the same.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for general Purposes, or any Two or Commissioners more of them, or the major Part of them present, after hearing all such Appeals as shall be depending before*Assessme^oii them, or upon any Objection made by the Inspector or Surveyor to any such last mentioned Assessment or Schedule ° Schedule, whether such Inquiry or Examination as aforesaid shall have taken place or not, shall agree to make [See/. 136.] an Assessment according to the Statement or Statements contained in the said Schedule, as the same shall have may do so; but been returned or altered, or amended upon Appeal as aforesaid, they shall direct an Assessment to be made on of the Duties chargeable on the Statement or Statements contained in the said Schedule, at the Rate or Rates the*

contained in the said Act before recited 5 and if the said Commissioners shall think proper to require a Verifi- some, cation of the said Schedule, they shall give Notice thereof in Manner aforesaid, to the Party or Parties to [See f. 138 ] appear before them, to verify the said Schedule, and such Verification shall be made by the Party or Parties or to aoswer in such Manner, and such Assessments thereupon shall be made as herein-before directed, which Assessments n

shall be final and conclusive as aforesaid; but nevertheless in every Instance, where any Person shall have or where^neglected or refused to return such Schedule, according to the Exigency of the Precept of the Commissioners, ObjcAioni of or if any Clerk, Agent, or Servant of such Party as aforesaid, being summoned, shall have neglected or refused Surveyor*, &c. to appear before the Commissioners to be examined, or if such Party, his or her Clerk, Agent, or Servant as followed aforesaid, shall have declined to answer any Question put to him or ner by the said Commmloners, in Writing Commissioner* or viva vocef or where the Schedule delivered shall have been objected to as aforesaid, and such Objection shall make an shall not have been appealed against within such reasonable Time as is directed by this Act, or where any Act Ament Person, being required so to do, shall have neglected or refused to verify his or her Statement or Schedule, or according to his or her Answersor Examination in Writing, or where the Commissioners shall agree as aforesaid to allow the ^hich^VlTu^ Obieftions, or any of them, made by such Surveyor or Inspector, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required in every such Cate, according to the bed of their Judgement, to settle and ascertain in what Sums such Person ought to be charged, and to make an Assessment accordingly, which Assessment shall be final and conclusive.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the said Commissioners for general Purposes W*, wc an -shall have made any increased Assessment upon the Amount contained in the Statement or Schedule of the Party^'

to be charged, or shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act* discover that any increase ought to Commiftoueri be made, whether upon the Surcharge of the Surveyor or Inspector, or from his or their Information or may charge otherwise, it shall be lawful for them to charge such Person or Persons in a Sum not exceeding double the the P*ry w*Amount by which the Duties shall have been increased 5 (that is to say), where the Party or Parties shall have Sum not^exceeft refused or neglected to deliver any Statement or Schedule, then in a Sum not exceeding double the Amount In^rfa^d of the Sum which, according to the Rate prescribed in Schedule (D.*) such Person in the Judgement of the [f. 93.] said Commissioners ought to be charged atto be added to the Assessment, and applied as directed by this Act in other Cases of increased Assessments; and in case a Statement or Schedule shall have been so delivered, then in a Sum not exceeding double the Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Statement or Schedule, unless such Person or Persons shall in every such Case make it appear, that the Omission complained of did not proceed from any Fraud, Covin, Art, or Contrivance, or any gross or wilful Neglect.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person required so to do by the respective Commissioners Penalty on Per-for general Purposes, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any Schedule to the Person or Persons to font whom the same ought to be delivered in purfuar.ee of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to appear before the sch^Vulc* or said Commissioners, to verify upon Oath or Affirmation before such Commissioners any Statement or Schedule attend Summon! by him or her delivered, within the Time or Times limited or to be limited by such Commissioners respectively of C >miuii-iu pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any fl°ners-Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and double the Duty at which such Person ought to be assessed, to be *vand double recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts respectively. uv*

414

C. 49.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Fa-tie* may de'tver additional Schedule*; or having omitted to deliver State-events or Schedule*, may deliver same a? any Time before Proceedings had.

Proceeding* before Commissioners, &c. for Penalties

intended, and Time allowed to deliver per fed Statements.

Mode of ascertaining Amount of Charge on Property in othei Diliri&i.

CXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, who shall have delivered a Statement or Schedule, shall discover any Omission or wrong Statement therein, it shall be lawful for such Person to deliver an additional Statement or Schedule re&ifying such Omission or wrong Statement, and such Person shall not afterwards be subject to any Proceeding under this Act, by reason of such Omission or wrong Statement; and if any Person shall not have delivered a Statement or Schedule wituin the Time limited by the Commissioners for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such Person to deliver a Statement or Schedule, in Manner herein directed, at any Time before a Proceeding shall be had to recover the Penalty herein'mentioned, and no Proceeding shall be afterwards had for recovering such Penalty; and if any Proceeding shall have been actually had before the Commissioners for recovering such Penalty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners before whom such Proceedings shall be commenced, on due Proof to their Satisfaction that no Fraud or Evasion whatever was intended, to stay such Proceedings, either on the Terms of paying or without paying the Colts then incurred, as the Commissioners shall think fit; and if aay Proceedings shall have been commenced in any Court, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to certify, that in their Judgement no Fraud or Evasion was intended by the Party making such Omission; and it shall be lawful for any Judge in such Court, may be flopped on a summary Application, to stay such Proceedings on such Terms as aforesaid, as he shall think fit; or if if no Fraud such person shall nave delivered an imperfect Statement or Schedule, and shall give to the Commissioners a

sufficient Reason why a perfect Statement or Schedule cannot be delivered, the said Commissioners being satisfied therewith shall give further Time, and so from Time to Time, for the Delivery of such Statement or Schedule, and such Persons shall not be liable to any Penalty for not having delivered such Statement or Schedule within the Time before limited, in case such Person shall have delivered as perfeA a Statement or Schedule as from the Nature of the Case he or she was enabled to give, and so from Time to Time as long as the Commissioners shall grant further Time as aforesaid.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That if in the Course of any Inquiry before the said respective Commissioners for the Purpose of granting any Exemption or Allowance authorized by this Act, they shall think it necessary to ascertain the Amount of the Charge on any Person or Persons out of the Limits of the City, Town, or Place, for which they shall act, then and in such Case the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, on a Certificate or Certificates thereof, transmit such Certificates to the respective Commissioners acting for the Division or Place, or Divisions or Places, where such Person has been assessed or charged to such other Duties; and the said last mentioned Commissioners shall, on Receipt of such Certificates respectively, inquire into the Amount of the Sum or Sums with which such Person or Persons have been charged to such Duties within the Limits of the Division or Place where such last mentioned Commissioners act; and the said last mentioned Commissioners, having satisfied themselves of such Sum or Sums, shall transmit a Certificate thereof under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be laid before the said Commissioners making such Inquiry as aforesaid, to the End that such Person or Persons may be jjuftly charged, and such Exemptions or Allowances may be granted as directed by this Act. flow Abatement CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That if within or at the End of the Year current at the Time of 4nSTSSlna^nS any Assessment under this Act, or at the End of any Year when such Assessment ought to have been

nut ion of* " made, any Person charged to any of the Duties contained in Schedule ( D.) whether he fhafi have computed

Income, shall be his Profits or Gains arising as last aforesaid on the Amount thereof in the preceding or current Year, or on an Average of Years, shall find, and shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for general Purposes, by whom the Assessment was made, that his or her Profits and Gains, during such Year for which the Computation was made, fell short of the Sum so computed in respect of the same Source of Profit on which the Computation was made, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them on Proof before them, to cause the Assessment made for such current Year to be amended in respect of such Source of Profit, as the Case shall require; and in case the Sum aftested shall have been paid, to certify, under their Hands and Seals to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Receiver General to whom the same shall have been paid, the Amount of the Sum overpaid upon such first Assessment; and on Production of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to direct their Cashier or Cashiers, and for the said Receiver General, to repay such Sum as shall have been so overpaid, out of any publick Monies in the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, or of such Receiver General, who respectively shall, if necessary, replace the same out of the first Monies that shall come to their Hafids respectively of the Duties granted by this for which Payments the Certificate of the said respective Commissioners shall be a sufficient Authority.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person, charged to the said last mentioned Duties, whether the Computation thereon shall have been made on the Profits of One Year or an Average, as herein allowed, shall ceale to exercise the Profession, or to carry on the Trade, Employment, or Vocation, in respect whereof such Assessment was made, or shall die before the End of the Year current at the Time, of making such Assessment, or shall from any other specific Cause be deprived of or lose the Profits or Gains on which the Computation of Duty charged in such Assessment was made, it shall be lawful for such Person, or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Persons, to make Application to the Commissioners for general Purposes of the District, within Three Calendar Months after the End of such Year; and on due Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the Assessment to be amended or vacated, as the Case may require, and to give such Relief to the Party charged, his or her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, as shall be just; and in Cases requiring the same to direct, in Manner before mentioned, Repayment to be made of such Sum as shall have been overpaid on the Assessment amended or vacated; Provided always, that where any Person shall have succeeded to the Trade or reding toTiade Business of the Party charged, no such Abatement shall be made, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction fha^te habie the &id Commissioners, that the Profits and Gains oft such Trade or Business have fallen short, from some &c.' Specific Cause to he aOcdged to them and proved, since such Change or Succession took place, or by reason

t 105.3 thereof;

allowed.

t Abatement shall be allowed when Person* shall cease to oxtreife aay Trade, fee. or shall die before the End of the Year.

[4W/. T47-] Person % fuc-

A.D. 18c

45° GEORGII III.

C. 49. 415

thereof; but such Person so succeeding to the same shall be liable to the Payment of the full Duties thereon, without any new Assessment.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall have been or shall, be Relief from assessed in one District to the last mentioned Duties, whether charged on such Person or Persons on his, her, douWe Aifeff-or their own Accounts, or, in any of the Characters herein-before ascribed, on the Behalf of any other Person iSm

or Persons, and shall have been or shall be again assessed in another District for the same Cause and on the same ormore* Account, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply to the Commissioners for general Purposes, District w

acting in or for the Division or Place for which such Persons shall have been so assessed as aforesaid, for the

Purpose of being relieved from such double Assessment; and the Commissioners acting for the Division or Place within which such Person or Persons shall have been first adeded to the said Duties, shall, upon Application, give, or cause to be given, a*Certificate under the Hands of any Two of such Commissioners, of the

Amount of the Assessment there made, which Certificate shall be given gratis; upon the Production of which Certificate to the Commissioners for general Purposes acting for such other District, within which such Person or Persons shall have been adeded for the same Cause, and on the same Account, such last mentioned Commissioners shall cause the double Adedment made in such District, or such Part thereof for which such double Adedment shall be made, to be vacated, so that such Person or Persons may not remain charged by more than one Adedment for the same Cause and on the same Account.

CL. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for any District, Mode of a(fi fling; as Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act, shall be charged and adeded to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) if liable thereto, by the additional Commissioners for the same District; and the additional' Commissioner# Commissioners acting for the same District shall be charged and assessed to the said Duties by each other to Duties under respectively, and according as they ought to be charged; and that any Two of the said respective Commissioners Schedule (D.) acting for any District, shall respectively be competent to af* fs any other Person acting as such Commissioner emch other*, for the same District, in like Manner, and with and under the like Powers, as if such Person had not acted as such Commissioner; and the said several Commissioners shall respectively divide themselves in such Manjier as that every such Commissioner shall be adeded by Two other Commissioners, and the Appeal therefrom (if any)? may be determined by Two Commissioners for general Purposes, neither of whom shall be concerned or interested in the Determination thereof, either for himseli or herself, or in any Character before described, for any other Person or Persons; and the said additional Commissioners shall respectively establish such Regulations amongfli themselves, for charging and assessing Neach other in Manner aforesaid, as may most effectually secure a fair and impartial Adedment upon every Commissioner, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; provided No Commis-that any Commissioner, whose Statement or Schedule shall be under Consideration, or shall be concerned or interested therein, either for himself or for any other Person or Persons, in any Character before described, shall w tarc* have no Voice, and shall not be present, except upon an Appeal for the Purpose of being examined vivd voce by the Commissioners then having his Adedment or Schedule under Consideration, but shall withdraw during the Condderation and Determination thereof.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That all Assessmente made upon Profits or Gains under Schedule (D.), Assessments of made by the Commissioners for general Purposes, shall be entered in Books, with the Name and Names or the Description of the Person or Persons, Corporations, Companies, or Societies of Persons, to be charged b/entered,

therewith, and their respective Places of Abode set opposite thereto, and which Entries shall respectively be and Certificates*

numbered progredhrely, or lettered, or distinguished by Numbers or Letters, as the said respective Commissioners of the Amounr for the Purposes of this Act shall think proper; and tf*at when and as soon as the said 'respective Commissioners l, ve£d

shall have caused to be made any such Entry in such Book, they shall deliver to the Person or Persons charged W'

by such Adedment, or to some Person or Persons there attending on his, her, or their Behalf, in case such Person or Persons shall have declared his, her, or their Intention to pay the Duty so adeded into the Bank of England^ or to the Receiver General or his Deputy, within the Time limited by this Act for Payment thereof, and the said Commissioners shall be satisfied with such Declaration, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be paid within One Year upon such.

Adedment; and every such Certificate shall be numbered or lettered with the same Number or Letter, as the

Entry in the Book of the said Commissioners to which such Certificate shall relate shall be marked and

numbered or lettered, without naming or otherwise describing the Person or Persons charged thereby; which Such Certificate

Certificate shall, on Production thereof, be a sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, and to the respective Receivers General and their Deputies in England, and the Receiver General

in Scotland) -and. his Deputy or Deputies, from Time to Time, to receive from any Person or Persons, bearing General, &c. to

and producing such Certificate or Certificates, the Amount of the Sums thereiircontained, in such Proportions receivePavments>

thereof as by this Act are made payable, by Instalments, and at the Times by this Act appointed for Payment thereon,

thereof, or in Advance 5 and on the Payment of the Sums contained in any such Certificate, or any Proportion

thereof, the said Governor and Company, and the said Receivers General and their respective Deputies, shall give Certificates for the fame, acknowledging the Receipt of the Sum paid on Account of the Certificate of:

the said respective Commissioners, by the Number and Letter marked thereon, as before directed.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Commissioners shall not have received a Commififcmert Declaration of the intended Payment into the Bank of England) or to the Receivers General or their Deputies shall deliver respectively as aforesaid, of the Duty to be charged under Schedule (D.ti or shall not be satisfied with such JJr1rrinu to Declaration, they shall deliver a Duplicate of the Assessmenta to the Collector or Collectore, with the Names ^J/erc and Descriptions of the Parties chafged therewith, together with their Warrants for collecting the fame, in pjttJm arc such Form and under the like Powers as they are authorized to collect the Duty under any of the other assessed by a; Schedules recited or contained in this Act; and if, fester the Receipt of any such Declaration, the Duties shall Number or not be duly satisfied and paid, the said Commissioners shall cause the Names of the Defaulters, and the Amount better.

I

4i6

Commissionem shall enter their Assessmentt in Book3, and fend Accounts to the Tax Office,

Duplicates of AfTi (Tment$ shall he sent to Remembixnccri and Receivers General,

Appointments of Deputies to Receivers in Towns, &c.

For whom Receive rGeneral shall be Answerable.

Allowance to such Deputy Receivcis j who shall Account and pay weekly.

Coirvnifljoncrf may deliver Duplicates and Warrants to Deputy Receivers, $cc. under Numbers j

Is"/-51-3

How Arrears of such Duties shall be recovered. [Sttf. 157.]

Duties payable (under |. 15$.) may be paid into the Bank, or to the Receiver, See. and in Default may be levied as other Duties under the /Commissioners for Taxes. <*[See/. 199J

Paymcnsofiuch Duties (hill be

C. 49. 4$° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

of Duty assessed on each, to be inserted from Time to Time in the Duplicate of such Collector, and the Warrant for collecting the same shall be of the like Force and Effect as if such Names and Sums had been inserted therein at the Time of issuing such Warrant.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for general Purposes and also the additional Commissioners acting iu relation to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) shall, in their respective Books of Affeflmcut, enter and cause to be entered the several Amounts of the Sums assessed by them, and they shall from Time to Time make out, or cause to be made out, and shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Accounts of the Amount of Duty assessed by them, distinguishing the Amount charged on each Person, which Accounts shall severally be made out with the Particulars required by this Actfc; and they shall also from Time to Time make out or cause to be n ade out, and shall transmit or cause to beransmitted, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Lifts containing the Name, Description, and Place of Residence of all and every Person or Persons assessed by them respectively, as soon as the same conveniently can be done, which Lifts shall be made out according to an alphabetical Arrangement of the respective Parishes or Places of Residence in their respective Districts.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Assessments shall be completed in any District, the respective Commissioners for general Purposes acting therein, shall cause to be delivered a Duplicate on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sums assessed by them, into the King's Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, and the said Commissioners shall jalfo deliver a like Duplicate unto the respeduve Receivers General in England and Scotland respectively.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Receiver General, at the Request of any Commissioner acting for general Purposes, in relation to the said last mentioned Duties, in or for any City or Town in Great Britain, (except within the City of London, or within Ten Miles of the fame), and with the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to appoint a fit and prbper Person resident in such City or Town, who shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Receiver General, to be his Deputy for the Receipt of such of the said last mentioned Duties arising within such City or Town, or within the District where such City or Town shall be situate, as shall be assessed under a Letter or Number pursuant to a Declaration of the Party's Intention to pay the Duty to such Receiver General or his Deputy as aforesaid, Regard being had in such Appointment to the Population and Extent of such City or Town, for which Deputy the said Receiver General shall be answerable 5 and it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to allow to the Deputy so appointed, such Salary and Reward for his Attendance and Trouble therein, as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners and the Person to be appointed such Deputy, and as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, not exceeding the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny of the Sum received by such Deputy, and paid over to such Receiver General, which Allowance such Deputy is hereby empowered to detain out of the Payments made on Account of each Instalment, as they shall be paid; and such Deputy shall, on some Day in every Week to be named in the Bond to be entered into by him, pay or remit to such Receiver General the whole Amount of the Duties then in his Hands, and shall faithfully account for the same to such Receiver General.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for general Purposes, to issue out and deliver to the respective Receivers General, except where a Deputy Receiver shall be appointed as herein is directed, and to such Deputies where such Appointments have been made, Duplicates of the Assessment8 made by them, containing the Sums assessed on each Person to whom a Certificate hath been delivered, by Letter or Number, together with the Number or Letter set opposite thereto in their respective Books before-mentioned, without naming such Persons, with their Warrants for their receiving the said Duties charged by such Commissioners respectively, as the same fiirll become payable as aforesaid; and all such Sums shall be paid to the respective Receivers General or Deputy Receivers, where such shall have been appointed, or into the Bank of England; ajid such Part thereof as shall not be so paid to them, shall be levied and collected as herein after is mentioned; and in Default of the same being so levied, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty* His Heirs and Successors, in Manner before directed in.Other Cases.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties payable on such last mentioned Assessments, shall be paid either into .'the Bank of England, or to the Receivers General, or to the Deputy of such Receiver General, where such Audi be appointed, at the Election of the Party charged, by such Instalments as by this A cl directed*, before the respective Days appointed for such Payments, according to the Regulations of this Act, or by Three pr Two Instalments, or in One Sum in full, as the Parties shall choose; and the Certificates hereby required, to'be given on such Payments, shall be delivered to the respective Commissioners, or to One or more of them, or; to their Clerk at their Office, before the Times when the same are hereby made payable, taking his or their Receipt for the fame, which Receipt shall be afsufficient Discharge for the Money so paid, in 'Satisfaction of .so much of the Assessment as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be so paid; and if any Person shall neglect to pay the same at the Time and in the Manner hereby directed for Payment of such Duties, or having paid the same shall neglect to deliver the Certificate required to be given in such Payment, as herein-before directecl, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for general Purposes, and they are hereby required to deliver a Duplicate of all Sums assessed on any Person or Persons w ho shall have made Default in paying, or accounting for the Payment of the fame, together with their Warrant to such Collector or Collectors as they shall appoint <0 levy the Sums in Arrear and unpaid, and which Duplicate shall be made dut, and which Sums shall be levied according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier of the Bank of England shall, on the Receipt of nay of the said last mentioned Duties, enter the same in the Books to be provided for that Purpose, and-all such Sums

A.D. 189$?

45?i£E9RGiI III.

Cv49*

4i'7

Sums shall be .entered under 4be Namty Letter^r Number contained in the Certificate #; and every such entered in the Account kept at the Bank of England shall J>e entered under the Head of "The Account of the Com- Boeks at the mifilonere acting for the of f t " as the Case may require; and 'n*

the Deputy Receiver? and, Collectors shall, on the like-Receipt, cause. the same to be wrote off in their Deputy Receiv-respedjve Duplicates 5 and the said Cashier or Cashiers, or Deputy or Deputies to, such Receivers, or Collector er» shall write or Collectors, shall, whenever he or they shall be required by the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of off Sums received this Act, deliver to them a trqe Account of all Sums paid at the Bank of England, or to such Deputies or by them*, Collectors respectively, on Account of the Duties charged by them respectively, and shall also transrait to the R^oT shall ^Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, whenever required by them so to do, a true Account of toCom-the Sums so paid. missioners of the Tar Office.

CLIX. And be it Further enacted, That it, shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time or Times SuclvDuiici may during the Continuance of this ACtj to pay or cause to be paid in Advance to the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England\ or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or to the Receiver General, or Deputy of any t- c ganic Qr to Receiver General appointed .under this any (Sum or Sums of Money charged as last aforesaid, and to Deputy Rc-require a Certificate or Certificate? acknowledging such Payment; and it shall be lawful for the Cashier or c?iver; and a Cashiers of the said Bank of England, and for such Receiver or Deputy Receiver as aforesaid, on Production Discopntallowed of the Notice or Certificate of such Assessment, at the Time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance (the Sum so paid notin any Case to be less than the Sum which appears by such Certificate to be payable by Two n*men Instalments) to make an Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Sum or Sums so paid in Advance, calculate^ upon such Sum or Sums for the Period or Periods by which each .respective Sum shall be paid sooner tliau the Period prescribed by Ihis Act for Payment thereof; and in every such Case the said Cashier or Cashiers, or Receiver or Deputy Receivers as aforesaid, shall give the Person paying the same a Certificate of such Payiqent, specifying therein the Number of Instalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of the Allowance for such prompt Payment, and referring thereby to the Notice or Certificate of Assessment then produced, and the Name, Number, or Letter therein mentioned f; and all such Allowances f [See f. 151] shall be made by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Duties to be paid in at the Bank of England, at the Time of passing the fame; and all Certificates made out by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and ^Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid, or by any Receiver or Deputy to any Receiver General 'appointed as herein mentioned; ): , being delivered at the respective Offices of such Commissioners, shall be received t [$* f-55*3 by them as Cash in discharge of the Assessments, and shall be allowed to them in their Accounts.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That the Duty contained in the Schedule marked (E.) as herein recited, Reared Dutie* shall be assessed and charged under the following Rules, which Rules shall be deemed and construed a Part of »n Schedule^) this Act, and to refer to the said last mentioned Duty, as if the same had been infected herein under a and Ru1, e'* /pedal Eiudment. 01

SCHEDULE (E.)

Rules for charging the said Duties.

FirfL — The said Duties shall be charged on the Person or Persons respectively having, using, orexercifing Slid Duties such Offices or Employments of Profit, or to whom such Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends shall be payable, lbe charged for aH Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits whatsoever, accruing by reason of such Offices, Em- n al1 r, 's* ployments, or Pensions, after deducting the Amount of Duties payable or chargeable on the fame, by virtue d^u^ngDurils of any Act or Acts of Parliament, where the lame have been really and honajide paid and borne by the cWgeaMe under Party to be charged; and each Assessment in respect of such Offices or Employments shall be in force for other Acts, and One whole Year, and shall be levied for such Year without any ijew Assessment, notwithstanding a Change^11 bc 'n force may have taken place in such Office or Employment, on the Person or Persons for the Time having or for 0nc 'car> exercising the fame; provided the Person quitting such Office or Employment, or dying within the Year, Au Arcar, flnll his or their Executors or Administrators, shall be liable for the Arrears due before or at the Time of his so be paid by quitting such Office or Employment, or dying, and for such further Portion of Time as shall then have Pylons quitting elapsed, to be settled by the respective Commissioners; and his or their Successor or Successors shall be repaid , hc., r °Jtc» or such Sums as he or they shall have paid on Account of such Portion of the Year as aforesaid; and each d>ing* c* Assessment in respect of such Annuity, Pension, or Stipend, shall be in force for One whole Year, unless the same shall cease or expire within the Year, by Lapse, Death, or otherwise, from which Period the Assessment /

thereon shall be discharged.

Second. — The said Duties to be assessed by the respective Commissioners, for all the Offices in each Depart- S*id Duties (haJI ment in the Place where the said Commissioners shall execute their Offices, although certain of the Offices in off'rcs^each*11 the same Department may be executed elsewhere, and shall be due and payable from the respective Officers d pirmvnt and their respective Successors for the Time being. where Conmiifltunen aft.

Third. — The laid Duties shall be paid on all publick Offices and Employments of Profit, of the Description Ddcription of herein after mentioned within Great Britain; videlicet, Any Office belonging to either House of Parliament, Often to be or to any Court of Justice, whether of Law or Equity, in England or Scotland, IValec, the Duchy ofled* Lancaster, the Duchy of Cornwall, or any Criminal or Justiciary or Ecclesiastical Court, or Court of t

Admiralty, or Commissary Court or Court Martial; any publick Office held under the Civil Government of His Majesty, or in any County Palatine, or the Duchy of Cornwall; any Commissioned Officer serving on the Staff, or belonging to His Majesty's Army in any Regiment of Artillery, Cavalry, Infantry, Royfd Marines, Royal Garrison Battalions or Corps of Engineers, or Royal Artificers; any Officer in the Navy, or in the Militia, or Volunteers; any Office or EmjSoyment of Profit held under any Ecclesiastical Body, whether Aggregate or Sole, or under any publick Corporation, Company, or Society, whether Corporate 45 Geo. III. .g.B. .or. r

4i$ C. 49.

45° GEORGII in.

A.D. 1805.

Profits may be estimated on preceding Year, or on #0 Average of Three Years.

Duties on such Salaries, &c. as are payable at

any publick Office, may be flopped there.

or not Corporate; any Office or Employment of Profit tinder any publick Institution, or on any publick Foundation, of whatever Nature or for whatever Purpose the same may be established y any Office or Employment of Profit in any County, Riding, or Division, Shire or Stewartry, or in any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place, or under any Trufb, or Guardiana of any Fund, Tolls, or Duties, to be exercised in such County, Riding, Division, Shire or Stewartry, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Tlace, and every other publick Office or Employment of Profit of a publick Nature.

Fourth. — The Perquisites to be assessed under this Act shall be deemed to be such Profits of Offices and Employments as arise from Fees or other Emoluments, and payable either by the Crown or the Subjects in the Course of executing such Offices or Employments, and shall and may be estimated either on the Profits of the preceding Year, or of the fair and just Average of One Year, of the Amount of the Profits thereof in the Three Years preceding such Years, in each Case respectively ending on the Fifth Day of dj/ril in each Year, or such other Day of each Year on which the Accounts of such Profits have been usually made up.

Fifth. — In all Cases where any Salaries, Fees, Wages, or other Perquisites or Profits, or any Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any publick Office, or by any Officer of His Majesty's Household, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Paymasters, or by any Agent or Agents employed in that Behalf, then and in every such Case, the Duties chargeable under this Act, im respect of such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, or in respect of such Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall and may, in case of Nonpayment thereof, be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be payable upon such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, or upon such Annuities, renfions, or Stipends or for the Arrears thereof, whenever the same shall happen, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Duties on such Offices or Employments, or on such Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends respectively (not being otherwise paid) in the Manner directed by this Act; and whenever the same so payable shall be assessed by Commissioners for general Purposes in their respective Districts, they shall transmit an Account of the Amount of the Duty assessed, to the Exchequer or Office where the famie are payable, in order that the Amount so assessed may be there flopped and detained.

Sixth. — In all Cases where the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Allowances, or Profits of any Officer or Officers chargeable to the said Duties, shall not arise out of any of the Offices mentioned in the foregoing Rule, but shall arise from any other Office or Employment of Profit chargeable to the said Duties, and the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits shall be payable at such Office, by any Officer or Officers thereof, or by any Receiver or Receivers of the same respectively, or by any Agent or Agents employed in that Behalf, the Duties chargeable under this Act, in respect of such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, shall be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, or for Arrears thereof, whenever the same shall happen, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Dffties (not otherwise paidl in the Manner directed by this Act.

Seventh. — Such Portion of the said Duties on Offices or Employments of Profit, or on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, as are charged with any Sum or Sums of Money payable to any other Person or Persons, shall be deduced out of the Sums payable to such other Person or Persons, as a like Rate on such Sums respectively would amount unto; and all such Persons, their Agents and Receivers, shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of such Sums.

Eighth. — Such Portion of the said Duties charged on any Office or Employment of Profit executed by any Deputy or Clerk, or other Person employed under the Principal in such Office, aftd paid by such Principal out of the Salary, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits of such Principal, shall be deduded out of the Salary or Wages, so payable, as alike Rate on such Salary or Wages would amount unto; and all such Deputies, Clerks, and other Persons so employed! shall allow to their respective Principals such Deductions and Payments, upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Salaries or Wages.

Ninth. — In estimating the Duty payable for any such Office or Employment of Profit, or any Pension, Annuity, or Stipend, all official Deductions and Payments made upon the Receipt of the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, and Profits thereof, or in passing the Accounts belonging to such Office, or upon the Receipt of such Pension, Annuity, or Stipend, shall be allowed to be deduded, provided a due Account thereof be rendered to the said Commissioners, and proved to their Satisfaction.

Pension* payable Tenth. — In all Cases where any Annuities or Pensions shall be payable out of any particular Branch of the lit of Revenue Publick Revenue, and at the Office of that Branch of Revenue, the Commissioners acting for that Depart-

fhat! be charged ment shall have Authority to assess and levy the same as a Salary or Wages payable thereout,

by Commissioners there.

Commissioners CLXI. And, for the ordering, raising, levying, and paying of the said Sums of Money hereby made payable for the Duties thereon, be it further enacted, That the Lord High Chancellor, Judges, and all and every the principal Offices in Officer or Officers of each Court or publick Department of Office under His Majesty throughout Great f^bhefe0 Depart- ^Atainy whether the same shall be Civil, Judicial, or Criminal, Ecclesiastical, or Commissariate, Military or iiients, shall be Naval, shall have Authority to appoint Commissioners from and amongst the Officers of each Court or Depart-appointed by the ment of Office respectively $ and the Persons so appointed shall be Commissioners for executing this Act as Prin" aforesaid, and the Powers therein contained, in relation to the Offices in each such Court or Department respectively: Provided always, that in relation to each Department of Office, not being One of His Majesty* Courts Civil, Judicial, or Criminal, or an Ecclesiastical or Commissariate Court, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for 1England) Wales, and Berwick-utnm-Tweed, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall, whenever they think it expedient, settle and determine in what particular Department* Commissioners shall not be appointed, and in such Case shall settle and determine in what other Depart-

Said Duties on other Salaries, &c. may l flopped by Person* employed to pay the same.

How Offices charged with Sums to others shall pay Duties.

Duty charged upon a Principal /or Salaries paid his Deputy shall be deduced out of such Salary.

Official

Deductions out of Salaries shall be allowed.

cipai Officers. Treasury in England and Exchequer in Scotland may determine

ment of Office, the Officers of that Department wherein Commissioners shall not be appointed shall be assessed; ind in Dcffiultov jJq whenever there shall be any Default in the Officers of any Department, or in any Court aforesaid, in

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

G.^9.

419

appointing Commissioners, the said Commissioners of the Treasury and Barons of the Exchequer respectively, (nail, within the Time herein limited, appoint fit and proper Persons, as directed by this Act, to be Commissioners for executing this Act in the several Courts or Departments of Offices aforesaid, for which they shall be appointed from and amongst the Officers in the several Departments respectively, uniting for the Purposes of this Act in Cafe6 requiring the same Two or more Offices under the same Commissioners; but nevertheless with distinct Officers from each Office so united for asseifing and collecting the fame, as directed by this Act and where any Dispute shall arise touching the Department in which any Office is executed, the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and Barons of the Court of Exchequer respectively as aforesaid, shall determine the fame: Provided also, that where the Commissioners of One Department shall execute this Act in relation to any other Department, the Assessor and Collectors for such other Department shall be appointed from the Officers of such other Department, with all the Powers and Privileges appertaining to such Appointments: Provided also, that where no Appointment shall be made of Commissioners, before the Expiration of the Time limited by this Act, the Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements, shall in their several Districts also execute this Act in relation to the said Duties on Offices and Employ-menu of Profit exercised within the same Districts respectively 5 and the Appointment of such Commissioners shall be notified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England\ Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ and the Want of such Notification in due Time shall be deemed full Proof of the Want of such Appointment.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That the Speaker and the Principal Clerk of either House of Parliament, the Principal or other Officers in the several Counties Palatine and the Duchy of ComwaBy or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any inferior Court of Justice, whether of Law or Equity, or Criminal or Judiciary, or under any Ecclesiastical Body or Corporation, whether Aggregate or Sole, throughout Great Brham9 shall appoint Commissioners from and amongst the Persons executing Offices in either House of Parliament, or in their respective Departments of Office, and the Persons so appointed, or any Three or more of them, not in any case exceeding Seven, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers therein contained, in relation to the Places, Offices, and Employments of Profit in eaeh House of Parliament, and in each such Department respectively; which Appointments shall be made, and the Names of the Commissioners shall be transmitted to the Office for Taxes or to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, within the Time herein limited: Provided always, that where no such Appointment shall be made of such last mentioned Commissioners before the Expiration of the Time limited by this Act, the Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements, shall, in their several Districts, on due Notice or such Default in the Manner herein directed, also execute this Act in relation to the Duties on such Offices or Employments of Profit exercised within the same Districts respectively.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, or the Baffiffi and capital Burgesses, or the Principal Officers or Members by whatever Name they shall be called, of £Very Corporate City, Borough, Town, or Place, and of every Cinque Port throughout Great Britain % or any Thtee or more of them, not in any Case exceeding Seven, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers therein contained, in relation to the publick Offices or Employments of-Profit in such City, Corporation, and Cinque Port, and in every Guild, Fraternity, Company, or Society, whether Corporate or not Corporate, within such City, Corporation, or Cinque Port, and for all Offices or Employments of Profit, (not being publick Offices or Employments of Profit under His Majesty), in such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Franchise, Town, or Place, whether in the Appointment of the Lieutenant, Custos Rotulofum, or the Justices or Magistrates, or Sheriff of such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Franchise, Town, or Place, or of any Trustees or Guardians of any Trust or Fund in such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Pkcf; and that for all Parochial Offices in any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town, or Place, (except CotaQrate Offices in Cities, Corporate Towns, Boroughs, or Places, or Offices in Cinque Port6 as aforesaid), the Commissioners for executing this Act in relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements, shall, in their several Districts, also execute this Act in relation to the said Duties on Offices in such County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Franchise, Town, or Place, and such respective Commissioners shall and may exercise any of the Powers contained in this Act, in relation to any of the Duties herein mentioned, for causing due Returns to be made from the respective Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and for compelling the Assessors to make their Certificates of Assessments, and returning the fame, and for the due Collection of and accounting for the said Duties, and to act therein in all respects as fully and effectually as any other Commissioners are hereby empowered to act in relation to the said other Duties 5 provided the Monies collected of the said Duties under the respective Commissioners acting for such Offices in Corporate Cities, Boroughs, Towns, or Places aforesaid, or in the Cinque Ports, or in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Liberties, Franchises, Towns, and Places, shall be paid to the Receiver General of the County, Riding, Shire, or Stewartry, and not otherwise, and that the like Duplicates shall be delivered of such last mentioned Duties as in other Cases where the same are directed to be paid in like Manner*.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Appointment of Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Duties on Offices and Employments of Profits as aforesaid in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall respectively be notified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, with respect to the First Assessment under the fame, and within One Calendar Month after the Fifth Day of April in any future Year; and in Default thereof, the Appointment of such Commissioners shall devolve on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or on the Commissioners of the District, as the Case may happen: Provided always, that such Appointment by the Commissioners of the Treasury shall take place within One Calendar Month afar the Notification of such Default

3 H 2 at

Officers may

appoint Com* raissioners.

Several Offices may be united.

Assessors shall be appointed out of Officers.

In Default, Commissioners for Duties under Schedules (A.) and (B.) may aA,

Mode of appointing Commissioners for Offices in the Houses of Parliament, Countie I Palatine, inferior Courts, Ecde-fiafticSl Courts, Ice.

whose Appointment shall be notified.

In their Default Commissioners for Duties under Schedules (A.) and (B.) shall aA.

Commissioners for Putirs on Offices in Corporations, Sec.

Counry and

Parochial

Offices.

[Set/. 154.]

Appointment of Commissioners shall be notified to Tax Office within One Month, or fat Default the Treasury shall appoint within another Motfth, or the CommiXr

420

sioners so.' the

Distri<ft fli.i 11 .i£V Like Provision as to Scotland.

Duration of the Appointment*. Com n\; Atoned appointed may continue to act.

Infetior Offices shall be deemed to ht* exercised at the Head Office.

In whit Depart* nyent inferior Offices shall be afftfed.

See/. 163.

officei 5 of Exchequer shall be Commissioner for the Duties on Pensions, &c.

If'-f- «<>0.]

And for Duties on Exchequer Annuities*

Allowances and Exemptions shall be made to the Trustees of British Museum, as under Schedule (A.) No.V. (f. 37.) and Schedule (C.) f. 08.

All such Commissioners, after raking the Oath, (fee Schedule (F.) f. 226)fh»U ap( oiat Clerkf, Alleflfors, and Ci lleftori from the Officer* in tt.eDepaitnrentl, Afi^flors lb .ill make Certificate

C. 49, 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

as aforesaid from the Comnuffionere for the Affairs of Taxes; and in case of no Appointment as last aforesaid, to be notified in like Manner, the Execution of this Act shall devolve on the Commissioners before mentioned appointed for the District in relation to the Duties on Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments: Provided also, that such Appointments by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall take place in every Case of such Default as aforesaid, from the Space of One Calendar Month after the respective Periods before limited; and in case no such Appointment shall be made by the said Barons within One Calendar Month after such Default, then the Execution of this Act shall devolve on the Commissioners before mentioned, appointed for the District in relation to the Duties on Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That such Appointments shall be until other Commissioners shall be appointed, and which Appointments may be renewed annually on or before the Fifth Day of April in each Year during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always, that the Commissioners already appointed under the said recited Act, or to be appointed under this Act, may continue to act from Year to Year, so long as they are respectively willing to act, without any new Appointment, unless it shall be deemed expedient under the Powers of this Act, that any Department for which Commissioners have been appointed should be assessed under the Commissioners of any other Department.

CLXVI. And be it enacted, That every Person to be assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be deemed to have exercised the same at the Head Office of the Department under which such Office or Employment shall be held, and shall be rated for such Office or Employment as if exercised at such Head Office, although the Duties of such Office or Employment shall be performed, or the Profits, or any Part thereof, arising from such Office or Employment, shall be payable elsewhere within or out of Great Britain; and all Assessments made on any inferior Officer or Officers, wherever they shall exercise their Office, or Employment, shall be rated accordingly in the same District where such Head Office shall be established.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Office shall be deemed to belong to, and to be assessed by or under the principal Officers of that Department by or under whom the Appointment to such Office was made; provided that where such Appointment shall be made by any inferior Officer in any Department, then such Office shall be assessed by the lame Commissioners by whom such inferior Officer shall be chargeable for his Office: Provided also, that where any such Appointment shall be held under the Great Seal or Privy Seal, either of England or Scotland\ or shall be made under the Royal Sign Manual, or where any such Appointment shall be under the Hands or Seals of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the same shall not be exercised in the Department of the Treasury, then the Officer holding the same shall be assessed in that Department where the Office shall have been executed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall bfc construed to limit the Right herein before given*to Commissioners of the District of assessing Offices before deferi^pd within their respective Jurisdictions, although such Offices or any of them may not be held under theii* Appointment, or the Profits of such Offices may not be payable by them or their Order.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of this Act, so far as the same relates to the Duties hereby granted on Annuities or Pensions payable by His Majesty, contained in Schedule (E.) 4nd for the ordering, raising, levying, and paying of the several Sums of Money hereby made payable thereon, the principal Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, and the Remembrancer, Auditor, Receivers, and Clerks of the Pipe in the Exchequer in Scotland or their respective Deputies, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and all the Ppwers herein contained, in relation to the said last mentioned Duties, or shall respectively appoint Commissioners from and amongst the Officers of those Departments for such Purposes.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That in respect of the Duties hereby granted on Annuities payable at the Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer Annuities, whether for Lives or Years, or depending on Survivorship, the same Commissioners who shall act in relation to Pensions payable by His Majesty at the said Exchequer, shall also be Commissioners for ordering, raising, levying, and paying the several Sums made payable on such Exchequer Annuities, and IhaUhave Authority to exercise all and every the Powers of this Act in relation to Publick Annuities, and to retain and flop the Duty payable thereon in like Manner as is herein before directed with regard to Bank Stock or South Sea Stock.

CLXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the like Allowances shall be, granted to the Trustees of the British Museum, in respect of any Charge under Schedule .(A.) to be made On the Lands and Tenements veiled in such Trustees, as are granted to Colleges and other Properties mentioned in No. V. of that Schedule; and the like Exemptions mall be allowed in respect of any Dividends of Stock vested in such Trustees, or any of them, or in any other for their Use, as are granted to charitable Institutjons by this Act; and no Salary or Payment made or to be made out of His Majesty's Exchequer to such Trustees, for the Use of such Institutions, fludl be charged at the said Exchequer; provided all Salaries of Officers or Persons employed under the said Traftees shall be charged oil the said Officers respectively.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners authorized to act in the Execution of this Act, in relation to the Duties on Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, .Pensions, or Stipends, ap soon after their respective Appointments as conveniently can be done, in their respective Departments, shall meet at some convenient Place in order to qualify themselves by their taking the Oaths prescribed by this Act, and shall have Power to elect a. Clerk, and an Assessor or Assessors, and a Collector or Collectors of the said Duties to be assessed by them, from and amongst the Officers in their respective Departments, and in the respective Departments under thefr Cognizance; which Assessors shall, within a Time to be fixed by the respective Commissioners, deliver to them their Certificates of Assessment in Writing under their Hands, to be verified upon their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, and not otherwise, of the full and just annual Value ot all Office and Employments of Profit chargeable under this Act, in the Department for which they shall be appointed Assessors, and of all Pensions, Annuities, and Stipends, estimated according to this Act, (after

7+ deducting

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 49. 42/

I tics.

t W- "«]

Ti«c full V.ilue

<>» Offices, See. in.ill he flalert, t uiigh Abatements, &c. utc c!.: in»t <1.

[Set/ 1 So

deducting the Sum and Sums payable thereout respectively by virtue of any former Act or Acts, where the of Assessment on same have been really and londfide paid and borne by the Party to be charged) with the Names and Surnames 0ith-of the several Officers and Persons entitled to Pensions, Annuities, or Stipends, and the several Sums of Money they ought to pay by virtue of this Act at the Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of inch Value, without Abatement or Deduction, and without Concealment or Favour; upon Pain of Forfeiture for Penally for every Neglect in the Premises of any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, iccl

which said AlTeflors are hereby strictly enjoined and required with all Care and Diligence to charge and afiels 2ol' themselves, and all other Officers, Clerks, and Persons employed in their respective Departments of Office, and with respect to the Duty on Pensions to charge and assess all Persons entitled unto any such Pensions, and respectively to make their A ffeftnents according to the Provisions of this Act; and every such A (Tel lor shall have free Access to all Documents and Papers whatever in their respective Offices, touching the Salaries, Fees, D^jinciuV&c Wages, Perquisites, and Profits of any Officer, Clerk, or Person aforesaid, belonging to their respective a?id nMy requite Offices, and touching the Amount of the respective Pensions, and shall be at liberty, whenever the same may Returns from be necessary, to require Returns from the Parties themselves according to the Provisions of this Act, that they P " may be enabled to make a true Act'eflment in pursuance thereof.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Person holding such Offices or Employments, or being entitled unto any Pension, Annuity, or Stipend as afb-esaid, shall claim an Abatement under this Act, or to be discharged wholly from such Assessmeny, the Commissioners shall nevertheless set down in such AssessmenUthe Names of such Persons, and the full and just annual Value of such Offices, Employments,

Pensions, Annuities, or Stipends; and the Claims to such Abatements shall be preferred and examined, and the Merits thereof shall he heard and determined under the Regulations of this Act with respect to other Asseffiments.

CLXXIII. And be it enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act is 'n

or shall be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall in all Cases where he shall receive the Profits thereof, be answerable for and shall pay such Assessmeny as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Receives for Profits of such Office or Employment; and where the Salaries, Fees, Wages, Emoluments, or Profits of any disthburing to Officer or Officers m any such Office, shall be receivable by any One or more of the said Officers for the Ule oti'-cr3> ftuii be of such Officer or Officers, or as a Fund to be divided atr.ongfl such Officers, in certain Proportions, the , or

Officer or Officers receiving such Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, shall be answerable for the Duties charged thereon, and shall pay the same, and deduct the same out of the Funds provided for such Tespective Offices or Employments, before any Division or Apportionment thereof; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed*against any Person having the [* Stef. I7fo] Office or Employment, and to all other Remedies and Penalties respectively herein contained.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers or their respective Deputies, and the AflVifors flasll

Receivers and Paymasters in every publick Department of Office, and in every other Office for which Com- be furm.hcd, missioners are hereby intended to be appointed for raising the Duties hereby charged on such Offices respectively,

and any Agent or Agents by whom any Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits, shall be payable, (Vc pK p; r*shall, upon Request to them made by the respective Assessors for the said respective Duties, deliver gratis true Receivers, &c. Lifts or Accounts of allfiuch Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, and Profits received by them, and belonging and may require to such Offices respectively, and of all Pensions payable to them respectively, for the better Guidance of the Relurmroai said Assessors in charging the fame; and if the said Assessors shall be dissatisfied with such Accounts, it shall be lawful for them to require any Officer whose Office shall not be truly valued in such Account, to prepare and produce to them, within the like Period of Time as is limited for the Returns of other Accounts by this Act, a List or Account of the Salaries, Fees, Wage3, Perquisites, and Profits of the Office exercised by him, which Returns such Officer shall be obliged to mafe under the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act for not making other Returns hereby required-)* 5 and from the Documents and Papers in their respective Offices, f itS.ia^- the said respective Assessors shall make their Certificates of Assessment upon the Persons holding such Offices, AflciiunftrU or entitled unto such Pensions respectively, according to the annual Value thereof, at the Rate in the Schedule ^c' tTof CrU"*to this Act annexed, and shall, in like Manner as is before directed with respect to Assessors for any ParHh or Aiu ffmmr to Place, bring in their said Certificates to the respective Commissioners for their Allowance, who shall forthwith Commissioncor' .set their Hands to the fame, which Assessments shall be in force for One Year, commencing and payable at who fluU aiio* the like Periods as the Assessments in Parishes are made payable; and the said respective Commissioners for tl*c

the Duties on Offices shall cause the like Duplicates to be made thereof, and delivered to Collectovs, 'with like levying the Warrants to collect the said Duties, as is before directed to be given to Collectors for any Parish or Place; Duties.»and the said Collectors of the said Duties on Offices shall have the like Authority to demand and levy the said [$"/95-] Duties, as is herein given to Collectors of any Parish or Place: Provided always, that in all Cases where any Where Dutfe*Salaries, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, or Profits of any Publick Office be detained and stopped out of the fame, are flopped, the or oat of any Monies which shall be paid thereupon, and the Amount of the Monies so detained or stopped of Amount ^a, i l, e the Duties on Offices or Employments of Profit as aforesaid, shall be v/rote off in the Books of the CoUcftors Culie£to°sl of the said Duties, in Satisfaction and Discharge thereof, or of so much thereof as shall be so detained; and Books, Uc. the proper Officers in the respective Offices shall keep true Accounts of all Monies stopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors of such Monies; and the Money so detained of the Duty on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall be accounted for and paid in the Manner herein after directed.

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That the particular Department in which any Assessmeny shall be made D pirrmert of of the said Duties on Offices and Employments of Profit, or on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, shall be Office ih .11 be answerable for the Amount of the Duties which shall be charged on the respective Officers of such Department, or on Ihc Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends, payable by such Department, or the Officers thereof, and for the said

the Paity. [See/.

C. 49.

450 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Arrears shall be re aflclTtd. f^/196, 157.]

Where Duties on Offices cannot be flopped, on Non-payment the Amount shall be certified to Commissioners of the District where the Parties re side, who shall levy the same, as under f. 195.

No Qualification except their Offices required of certain Commissioners.

Officers ailing for Duties on Offices liable to Penalties as other Officers.

Duty shall be deduced when the principal Sums are payable

Exemptions and Abatements T»pon Proof that Income i» lc& than 60L; or Irons thence to »5<>l. per

said Duties being duly detained and (lopped at such Offices, or their being demanded and levied according to the Difedions o? this Act, as any Parish or Place is hereby made answerable for the Duties charged by virtue of this Act, in such Parish or Place 5 and the Arrears of such Duties as may arise from the Default or Failure of any Collector appointed to collect and levy the same, or of any Officer or Person whose Duty it shall be to detain and (lop the said Duties, shall be raised and levied of the particular Collectors, 'Officers, and other Persons who shall have collected, detained, or (lopped such Duties, and shall not have paid over the same as by this Act is directed, under the Powers contained in the said recited Acts respectively, in the Case of a Collector therein mentioned; and that in Default of recovering the same as aforesaid, the said Arrears shall be assessed on the same Officers respectively, and on the Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends respectively, on which the said Duties shall have been charged, by duly apportioning the same amongst the several Officers and Persons aiTessed in the A fie Ament for the same Department, in the same Year in which such Re-assessment shall be made, according to the Amount of each Person'* Assessment therein 9s nearly as the Case will admit* and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions by which the original Assessment was made, and under the like Powers as are herein or in the said recited Acts respectively given in other Cases of Re-assessment.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Pyrfon having, using, or exercising any Office or Employment of Profit which shall be charged to the Duties by this Act granted thereon, and the said Duties cannot be detained and flopped in the Hands of the proper Officer or Officers, or in the Hands of any Agent or Agents employed to pay the Monies due in respect: of the said Office or Employment, or the same Monies shall nave been paid over to the Person or Persons having, using, or exercising the said Office or Employment, and such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money charged upon nim or them, any Two or more of the Commissioners for raising the Duties on the said Offices shall and may, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, certify such Neglect or Refusal, and the Sum payable by virtue of this Act, to the Commissioners for executing this Act in relation to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Parish or Place where such Officer or Officers shall reside; and any Two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of such Certificate, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower the respective Collectors of the said Duties, or the Collectors of the Parish or Place where such Officer or Officers reside, to levy the same by such Ways and Means as they are authorized to levy the Duties charged by them respectively, in pursuance of this Act, and such Collectors are hereby authorized to execute such Warrant accordingly, and which shall be executed under the like Powers and iiklike Manner as is herein after directed, and as if such Officer or Officers was or were charged to the said Duties in such Parish or Place; and the Monies arising thereby shall be paid to the Collectors charged with the said Duties on such Office or Employment.

CLXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Qualification shall be required of any of the Officers or Persons herein described to be Commissioners for the Duties on Offices, or on Employments of Profit, or on Pensions, Stipends, Annuities, Interest, or Dividends contained in the several Schedules, who shall act as such Commissioners by virtue of their several Offices, other than such Offices respectively, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Assessort and Collectors appointed to raise and assess, or levy, collect, and pay the Sums of Money to be charged on Offices or Employments of Profit, or on Annuities, Pensions, or Stipends payable by His Majesty by virtue of this Act, and also the Surveyors and Inspectors acting in relation to the said Duties, mail respectively be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures for refuting or neglecting the Performance of their Duty, or for being guilty of any Fraud or Abuse in executing the fame, as are inflicted on such Officers respectively by the said recited Act for the like Offences.

CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such of the said Duties granted by this Act*, and the Contributions hereby authorized which may be detained or flopped, and deducted out of the Sums in respect whereof they shall be charged or deduded, shall be respectively detained at such Times in each Year as the said Sums shall bie payable to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

CLXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person charged to the Duties hereby granted in respect of any Profits or Gains hereby charged, or liable to the Payment thereof in respect of any Sum or Sums arising from the Profits hereby charged, shall, upon proving as herein after is mentioned, that the aggregate annual Amount of his, her, or their Income is lets than the Sum of Sixty Pounds, be exempted from the Payment of the said Duties, and from all Deductions or Payments on Account thereof, or by reason of this Act, in Manner herein after mentioned, without any Alteration or Discharge of the Assess* ment 5 and that in all Cases where such aggregate annual Amount shall be Sixty Pounds or more, and shall be lets than One hundred and fifty Pounds, such Persons shall be entitled to such Allowance as may be necessary to reduce the Payment in each Case respectively, in the Proportion ffated in the following Table 5 (that it to say)}

TABLE

C-49-. 423

TABLE of the ABATED RATES of DUTY.

Fur

Where the said aggregate animal Amount shall be Sixty Pounds or more, and less than Seventy Pounds, the Sum of -

Where the said aggregate Amount shall be Seventy Pounds or more, and less than Eighty Pounds, the Sum of -

Where such aggregate annual Amount shall be Eighty Pounds or more, and less than Ninety Pounds, the Sum of -

Where uich aggregate Amount shall be Ninety Pounds or more, and less than One hundred Pounds, the Sum, of — > -

Where such aggregate Amount shall be One hundred Pounds or more, and shall be less than One hundred and tea Pounds, the Sum of -

Where such aggregate Amount shall be One hundred and ten Pounds or more, and shall be less than One hundred and twenty Pounds, the Sum of -

Where such aggregate^ Amount shall be One hundred and twenty Pounds or more, and less than One hundred and thirty Pounds, the Sum of -

Where such aggregate Amount shall be One hundred and thirty Pounds or more, and less than One hundred and forty Pounds, the Sum of -

Where such aggregate Amount shall be One hundred and forty Pounds or more, and less than One hundred ants fifty Pounds, the Sum of -

every Twenty Shillings of such Amount.

Three-pence.

Four-pence.

Five-pence.

Sixpence.

Seven-pence.

Eight-pence.

Nine-pence.

Ten-pence.

Eleven-pence.

Table of abated Rates from 6oi, to 150!,

And every Claim to such Exemption or Abatement shall be claimed and proved, and the Proceedings there- Claim to upon shall be bad before the respective Commissioners for general Puiyofes in the District where such Claimant Abatement Aurll shall reside, pursuant to and under the Powers and Provisions by which the Duties in Schedule (D.) are herein directed to be ascertained, charged, levied, collected, and paid, but nevertheless subject to the Directions herein- f, oner9v after contained.

CLXXXL And, in order that such Exemption or Allowances, as may be claimed in respect of any Assessment How Income or Assessments, made at the Rate of Duty as expressed in Schedule (B.), may be estimated in a just Proportion from Lands, &c. to the other Duties charged by the other Schedules contained in this Act; be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of granting such Exemptions or Allowances, the Income arising from the Occupation of gcheduU (B.)^ Lands or Tenements, if in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall be estimated at Three Fourths of (f. 38.) to allow the annual Value thereof, and if in Scotland, at One Half of such annual Value j and after such Estimate, Abatements, such Person shall be entitled to such Exemption as aforesaid, or to such Allowances as will reduce the Payment on the Whole of his, her, or their Income respectively, in the Proportions stated in the foregoing Table.

CLXXXLI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having more than Two Children born in lawful Abatements f<* Wedlock, and bona fide maintained at the Expence of such Person, shall, for every Child above Two, be entitled Persons having to the respective Abatements following; (that is to say), where the aggregate annual Amount of the Income p^.Vhan of such Person is Sixty Pounds or upwards, and under Four hundred Pounds a Year, there shall be allowed for*,

each Child above Two, a Sum after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on such aggregate annual Amount, income

and in proportion to the Duty chargeable on that Amount, to be ascertained by such Tables as have beep or i, g0U and under shall be transmitted to the respective Commissioners for that Purpose 5 and where such annual aggregate Amount 400l. for each shall be Four hundred Pounds, and under One thousand Pounds per Annum, an Abatement after the Rate of Cniid above Three Pounds j*r Centum, for each such Child above Two 5 and where such aggregate annual Amount shall bel'*er One thousand rounds, and under Five thousand Pounds, an Abatement after the Rite of Two Pounds per ^1. and under Centum for each such Child above Two; and where such aggregate annual Amount shall be Five thousand », ooool. jl. per Pounds or upwards, an Abatement after the Rate of One Pound per Centum Jor each such Child above Two 5 Cent.; provided that such Claimant shall, within such Time as herein after is directed| deliver a Declaration in Writing,iOool.and under containing the whole Number of such Children, and their respective Names and Places of Residence, and which 2*

of them are a Part of the Family, or reside elsewhere as aforesaid: Provided also, that the Children by tny* 5, 000l. and former Marriage, either of the Husband or Wife, or of the Husband or Wife deceased, shall equally entitle such upwards, il. per Person to the Benefit of such Abatements as his or her own Children. Cci t. (Set f. 18j ]

CLXXXIII. And, in order that due Provision may be made for granting the said Exemption or Allowances Declaration* in the Three preceding Clauses, be it further enacted, That every Person claiming such Exemption Or *}Y Allowances as aforesaid, in respect of the Duties assessed upon him. or her shall, within the Time limited by Abw^t^to this Act for making Returns of the Duty chargeable as directed by this Act, or within such further Time as the Commission-the respective Commissioners shall, for special Cause assigned, allow, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the er» who may Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Claimant shall reside, and not elsewhere, a Declaration lbc in Writing, signed by him or her, of his or her Intention to claim such Exemption or Allowances, which Declaration shall be in such Form as may be directed under the Authority of this Act, declaring therein the particular Source or Sources from whence such Income shall arise, and the particular Amount arising from each.

Source, and aHb every Sum of annual Interest, or other annual Payment referred or charged thereon, whereby the Income shall or may be diminished, to which Declaration every Surveyor or Inspector shall have Accels to take Copies of or Extracts from, under the like Powers as in other Cases; and in every Case where the Surveyor or tnfpe&or shall not pbjeft to such Declaration within Forty Days, or such further Time as the Commissionert, on just Cause, shall allow to him to make such Objection, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant such Exemption or Allowances, as the Case may require, in the Manner herein after directed, without altering the Assessment; but in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall object thereto in Writing,

3t faggefting

But Surveyor, See. may object thereto.

+ Stef. 63, 64, 133-

Claim shall he made where the Claimant i cfides; Non-rcfidcnti to claim by Affidavit.

Persons claiming Abatements in respect of Deductions shall deliver Declaration, specifying Amount of Payments, See.

; f. .83. Security shall he produced.

Certificate of Exemption, &c Certificates for separate Amounts.

[See h 187 ]

Penalty on Fraud in claiming Abatements 20l. and treble Duty.

In Claims for Allowance for Children, Income may be Bated in one Sum.

Exemptions and Allowances granted by the following Rules

How granted on Income wholly arising in the Partfh of Residence.

How granted on Income arising in different Parities in the, same District;

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D 1805.

suggesting that he hath reason to believe that the Income of such Person is not truly declared therein in any Particular or Particulars, or not conformable to the Assessment or Assessments thereupon, then and in such Case, unless the major Part of the Commissioners present at the Time of taking such Objection into Consideration shall fee Cause to disallow such Objections, the Merits of such Claim shall be heard upon Appeal, subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as other Appeals under this Act are directed to be heard and determined

CLXXXIV. Provided always, and' be it further enacted, That every such Claim shall be made to the Commissioners of the District where the Claimant shall reside; and if such Claimant shall be out of Great Britain, an Affidavit, dating the several Matters required by this Act, taken before any Person having Authority to administer an Oath in the Place where such Claimant shall reside, in any Matter relating to any Part of the Publick Revenue of Great Britain, may be received by the respective Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Assessment on which such Claim shall be founded.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming such Exemption or Allowance in respect of any Deductions to which such Persons may be liable, out of any annual Payment from which*Deductions are herein authorized to be made, .which shall be payable to such-Claimant, shall, within the like Period and in like Manner as aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners in the District where such Person shall reside, a further Declaration of his or her Intention to make such Claim 5 and every such lafLmentioned Declaration shall specify the annual Amount of every such Payment, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom the same is payable, which lad mentioned Claim shall be proceeded upon in like Manner as is before directedj; provided that no such lad mentioned Claim shall be allowed, unless the Claimant shall produce to the said Commissioners, being duly summoned by them for that Purpose, the Deed, Instrument, or Security, under which such Payment as aforesaid shall "be to be made, or shall otherwise prove, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that the same is due and payable by virtue of a Charge, Reservation, or Contract, as herein after mentioned; and in case any such lad mentioned Claim shall be allowed as aforesaid, the Commissioners acting for such District or Department shall grant to such Claimant a Certificate, to be made out in such Form as may be directed under the Authority of this Act; and in every Case where such Claimant shall derive his or her Income, for which such Exemption or Allowance is made, from annual Payments from different Persons, a separate Certificate, in the Form before prescribed, shall be delivered for each of such separate Payments, in a due Proportion to the Amount of each Payment respectively, in order that each such Certificate may be separately applied as herein directed; and if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance in making such Claim, or in obtaining any such Exemption or Allowance, or shall fraudulently conceal or untruly declare any Income or Amount of Income, or shall make a Second Claim for the same Cause, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and Treble the Duty chargeable in respect of all the Sources of Income of such Person or Persons, and as if such Claim had not been sulowed.

CLXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Claim shall be confined to the Allowance for Children maintained at the Expence of the Claimant, it shall be deemed a sufficient Compliance with the Directions of this Act, if the Income shall be stated in One Sum, without specifying the particular Sources from whence such Income shall have arisen or shall arise, unless the Commissioners shall be dissatisfied with the Amount so stated, and shall require the same to be proved 5 in which Case they shall proceed as in other Cases of Claims to Allowances under this Act.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Exemptions and Allowances granted under the Authority of this Act, shall be granted according to the following Rules, and as the fairte are applicable to the Case in question; which Rules shall be deemed a part of this Act, as if the same had been enacted herein under a special Enactment.

First. — In all Cases where Claims shall be preferred on the Ground of the Amount of Income^ or for Children, and shall be made in respect of the Charge on Property or Profits of the Claimants situat? or arising wholly in the same Parish or Place where the Claimant shall reside, the Commissioners shall cause an Entry thereof to be made in their Books, with the Names of the Claimants, and the Amounts of their respective Incomes, as proved, and the Amount of the Sums allowed to each Claimant, distinguishing the Allowances on the Ground of Income from the Allowances for Children; and whenever all such Claims shall have been determined, they shall sign One Schedule of all such Allowances, with Reference to the particular Assessments from which such Allowances are to be taken, and deliver the same to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place where such Claimants are charged, without altering the Assessment, which Schedule shall be received by such Collector or Collectors as Cash.

Second. — In all Cases where any such Claim as aforesaid shall be made in respect of the Charge on Property or Profits of the Claimants situate or arising in different Parishes or Places in the same District, and by the same Commissioners, or partly on such Property or Profits, and partly in respect of any annual Payment arising out of Property or Profits charged upon any Person or Persons other than the Claimant, and the Assessment on such Claimant in any One Parish or Place in the District where such Claim shall be made, shall be sufficient to answer the Amount of the Allowance made to such Claimant, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to allow the whole Sum in such One Parish or Place, and to proceed therein, as in the First Rule, as if the whole Property or Profits of the Claimant had arisen in such One Parish or Place; and where 'One such Assessment shall not be sufficient, they shall apportion the Allowance between Two or more such Assessments, in such Manner as they shall think fit, without Regard to the Proportion in which such Property.or Profits in each such Parish or Place shall have been assessed, and so as to give Refief to the Party in the moll convenient Manner, and shall make their Entries of Discharge in the Books of the respective Parishes

accordingly;

i -

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 49.

accordingly; and where such Claim shall be made in respect of the Charge on Property or Profits of the Claimant situate or arising in different Parishes or Places situate in different Districts of Commissioners, then the Commissioners by whom the Claim shall have been allowed, shall grant a Certificate for such Part of the Allowance as shall be to be made out of that piftriCl where the Claim was so allowed; all which Certificates shall be delivered to the Collectors of the respective Parishes where the Assessments to which such Certificates relate shall have been made; and the Collector or Collectors shall receive such Certificates as Cash, and shall act in all Respects as if the Amount of the Allowance in each Parish or Place had been in Proportion to the Assessment therein; and shall be returned to the Commissioners of the same District in the Manner directed by the Seventh Rule herein after set forth, in order that the said Commissioners may enter the same in their Books in Discharge of the Sums so certified, and as if the same Allowances had been granted by them in the Manner directed in other Cases falling within the said First and Second Rules.

Third. — In all Cases where any such Claim as aforesaid shall be made in respect of any annual Payment, arising out of Property or Profits charged upon any Person or Persons other than the Claimant, either wholly or in Part, and which cannot be satisfied out of any Assessments made on the Claimant according to the Second Rule, a Certificate, signed by the Commissioners granting the Allowance, shall in each Case be delivered to such Claimant in respect of such annual Payment, specifying the Amount of Income of the Claimant, the Amount of such annual Payment, and by whom payable, and the Amount of the Allowance in respect of such annual Payment, which shall in every Case be the Sum by which the Duty of One Shilling on every Twenty Shillings of such annual Payment is diminished by such Allowance.

Fourth. — Every Certificate granted according to the Third Rule, shall be delivered to the Person from whom the annual Payment mentioned therein shall be payable at the Time of Inch Payment, and shall be an Authority to the Claimant to demand the Amount of such Allowance, together with the Residue of such annual Payment, without further Deduction thereout than such Sums, if any, as shall after such Allowance remain chargeable in respect of such annual Payment.

Fifth. — Every Certificate granted under the Third Rule, and delivered to the Person mentioned therein as liable to such annual Payment, shall be transferred to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place where such Person shall reside, by Indorsement under the Hand of such Person, and shall be received from such Person by such ColLCtor as Cash, on Account of the Person indoriing the same.

Sixth. — Every Certificate gi anted under the Authority of this Act, and delivered to any Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, either by the Commissioners or the Person named therein, shall be applied in Discharge or Satisfaction of so much of the Duty charged on and then payable by the Person delivering the fame, or on whose Account the Allowance was granted; and in case the Assessments on such Persons shall have been fully paid and satisfied before the Delivery of such Certificates, or in case such Assessment shall be inefficient, or no such Assessment shall have been made on such Persons in the Parish where such Certificates shall be delivered, the said Collector or Collectors shall pay, to the Persons on whose Account such Certificates were granted, or by whom the same was transferred by Indorseraent, the Amount of the Allowances granted thereby, or so much thereof as shall be necessary.

Seventh. — Every Certificate transferred to any Collector or Collectors by Indorsement, shall be numbered progressively by him or them, and, before the Accounts for that Year shall be closed, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners of the District by the respective Collectors, taking the Clerk's Receipt for the fame; who shall enter the same in a Book to be provided for that Purpose in their Order as numbered progressively 5 and the said Commissioners shall cause a Schedule thereof to be carefully prepared for each Parish or Place in their District, which shall be signed by them, and delivered to the Receiver General in discharge of so much of the Assessments in such Parishes or Places respectively 5 all which Schedules, made and signed under the Authority of this Act, shall be allowed in the Accounts of the respective Receivers General.

CLXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Income returned shall be under Sixty Pounds, and shall arise as herein after described, the Exemption in respect thereof shall be granted according to the following Rules; which Rules shall be deemed a Part of this Act as if the same had been enacted herein under a special Enactment.

Whenever the Assessor or Assessors of any Parish or Place shall have received any Declaration of Claim to an Exemption, wherein the Income shall wholly arise from Profits within the same Parish or Place, as less than Sixty Pounds per Annuitiy he or they shall forthwith deliver the fame, if in England, to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or One of them, and if in Scotland, to One of the Elders of the said Parish or Place; and such Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor and Elder respectively, shall forthwith call a Vestry or Meeting of the principal Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, to inquire into the Truth of such Declarations ©n their Oaths (which Oaths the said Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor and Elder respectively is hereby authorized and required to administer to any Number of such Vestry or Inhabitants, uot in any Case exceeding Seven) diligently to inquire and make true Presentments of the Amount of Income of the respective Claimants to the best ot their Judgement and Belief 5 and the said Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor and Elder respectively, may examine such Claimants, and may require the Attendance of any competent Persons to give Evidence, and may examine such Persons touching the Income of such Claimants, and after such Inauiry the Jury shall ascertain by their Verdict, or the Verdict of the major Part of them, the full and just Amount of the annual Profits and Gains of every such Claimant 5 and in and by their Verdict in Writing under their Hands shall return the several Amounts to the Assessor or Assessors aforesaid, as also the several Amounts of any Interest or other annual Payment to which such Claimants are liable, 45 Geo. III. 3 I wh©

42

or in different Diitrids.

Where Chim is m ide in respect of Income from Pro perry charged on others* a Certificate shall be granted to regulate the Diminution. Such Certificate shall be delivered to the Parry making the Payment j

and by him to the Collector.

All Certificates ball operate by satisfying the AffVflment unpaid, or to entitle the Bearer to Repayment.

Certificates shall be delivered to CftmmillioneTS by Collector, who shall receive a Schedule of Discharge.

Exemption in respect of Incomes under 60l.

Manner of exempting Income under 60l. by Paii(h Inquisitiooi.

C,

426 C. 49.

450 GEORGII .III.

A.D. 1805.

who shall deliver the same to the respective Commissioners for general Purposes of the same District: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, before the Allowance of such Claims, shall examine the Assessor or Assessors, who shall respectively attend the Commissioners for that Purpose at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, touching the Inquiry and Returns so mtfde 5 and if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied with the Returns so made, they shall cause the Estimates to be entered in their Books as returned in such Verdict, and make an Assessment thereon at the Rate prescribed in the said recited Duties and this Act, and afterwards grant such Exemptions or Allowances as they may grant under the Authority of this Act, on the Amount of each Person's Income returned in such Verdict; but in ckfe the said Commissioners shall be dissatisfied with any Return by such Verdict, they shall hear and determine the Merits of such Claim as arr Appeal, of which the Party shall have due Notice: And whenever the Vellry, or substantial Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, shall be so numerous as to require the Selection of Seven Persons to be summoned to the Meeting for the Purpose of such Inquiry as aforesaid, such Selection shall be made at the Discretion of the Commissioners for general Purposes acting for the District where such Parish or Place is situate, and the Expediency of such Selection shall be determined by them in every Case, of which they shall give Notice to the officiating Minister; and none other of the Vestry, or of the Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, shall be sworn upon such Inquiry.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That Coparceners, Joint Tenants, or Tenants in Common of the Profits of any Property whatever, and any Tenants of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, being in the actual Occupation thereof in Partnership, and entitled to the Profits thereof in Shares, and any Partners carrying on Trade, or exercising any Profession together, and entitled to the Profits thereof in Shares, may severally claim such Exemptions or Abatements, according to their respective Shares and Interests; and such Claims being duly proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to whom the same are made, may be proceeded upon as in the Cases of several Interests: Provided always, that the Profits so arising shall not in any Case be charged separately to the Duty in respect of the Occupation of Lands so as to dimini Hi the Rate chargeable on the Whole of the Profits of Lands comprized in 011c and the same Demise 5 nor where Lands shall be let without relinquishing the Possession by the Lef For; or where thq Lessee shall not be exclu-fively in the Possession and Occupation of the Lands so let: Provided also, that the Profits arising from any Trade or Profession earned on in Partnership, shall not be charged separately so as to diminish the Rate chargeable thereon, on Occasion of the Claim of any Partner therein, other than the ostensible acting Partners in such Trade or Profession.

CXC. And be it further enacted, That any such Claim or Appeal may be made by any Attorney, Ageit, or Factor, on Account of others, in any Case where satisfactory Proof shall be made before the Commissioners, that the Party claiming such Exemption or Abatement is unable to attend in Person; or such Claim may be made by the several Persons acting in any of the Characters herein-before described, in such Manner as they may act for others, for the Purpose or being assessed on their Account in the first Instance, as hereinbefore directed.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case of a Claim of Abatement as aforesaid, if the Commissioners for general Purposes shall think proper to require a Verification of the Declaration to be so delivered as aforesaid, or of the Statement delivered by the Party, or therein contained, or any Part thereof, they shall give Notice thereof to the Person or Persons claiming such Abatement to appear before them, to verify such Declaration or Statement; and every Person for whom such Notice shall be given shall, and he and she is hereby required to appear before the said Commissioners, and on Oath or solemn Affirmation, to be administered by One or more of the said Commissioners, to verify the Contents of his or her Declaration or Statement; and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, that the Contents of such Declaration are true, to the bed of his or her Judgement or Belief; and which Oath or Affirmation shall be signed and subscribed, with the proper Name of the Party taking the fame: Provided such Person shall be at Liberty to amend such

Declaration or Statement, or any Part thereof, before he or she shall be required to take such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid.

CXCII. And be it further enacted, That upon all Annu'tie.t, yearly Interest of Money, or other annual no* otherldfc* whether such Payments shall be payable within or out of Great Britain, either as a Charge on any

charged, 'Tnd the Property of the Person or Persons paying the fame, or as a Reservation thereout, or as a.personal Debt or Payment thereof Obligation by virtue of any Contract, or whether the same shall be received and payable Half-yearly, or at any provided fur by shorter or more distant Periods, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Amount the Mode of thereof the Sum of One Shilling, without Deduction, according to, and under and subject to the Provisions the<Pa!t°n, »b^n ^y which the Duty in Schedule (D.)* may be charged; provided, that in every Case where the same shall be

such ilueiclt!Payable out of Profits or Gains charged by virtue of this Act, no Assessment shall be made upon the Person

/. 93. entitled to such Annuity, Interest, or other annual Payment, but the Whole of such Profits or Gains shall be charged with Duty on the Person liable to such annual Payment, without distinguishing such annual Payment; and the Person so liable to make such annual Payment, whether out of the Profits or Gains charged with Duty, or out of any annual Payment liable to Deduction, or from which a Deduction hath been made, shall be authorized to deduct out of such annual Payment at the Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings

of the Amount thereof, except where the Party to whom the Payment is to be made shall produce a Certificate of Exemption or Abatement, as herein-before is mentioned, authorizing a Deduction at a lower Rate, for exempting the Payment on such Deduction; and the Person or Persons to whom such Payments are to be made, as are liable to Deduction, shall allow such Deduction accordingly upon the Receipt 01 the Residue of (such Money, and the Person charged to the said Duties, or being liable to or having made such Deduction, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as such Deduction shall amount unto, as if the Amount 8f thereof

Commissioners may select Seven in large Parishes to make the Inquisition.

Joint Tenants, &c. rmy severally d im Abatements:

but so as nor to dimimfli the K .t# on Farms in one Dunife, &c.

Claims may be made by Attornies on Account of others.

Claims to Abatements shall be verified n Oath if required

being previously amended. 1

Duty charged on

427

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 49.

thereof had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to whom such Payment shall have been due and payable; but in every Case where any annual Payment as aforesaid shall, by reason of the same being charged on any Property or Security in Ireland, or in the British Plantations, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or on any Foreign Property or Foreign Security, or otherwise, be received or receivable Without any such Deduction as aforesaid, or where any such Payment shall be made from Profits or Gains not charged by this Act, or where any Interest of Money shall not be reserved, or charged or payable for the Period of One Year, then and in every such Case there shall be charged upon such Interest, Annuity, or other annual Payment as aforesaid, the Duty before mentioned, according to and under and subject to the several and respective Provisions by which the Duty in Schedule (D)may be charged, and according to the Rules in the Case applicable thereto.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refuse to allow any Deduction authorized to be made by this Act out of any Rent or other annual Payment mentioned in the Ninth and Tenth Rules of Schedule (A.) or out of any Annuity, yearly Interest of Money, or other annual Payment mentioned in the preceding Clause, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall accept any Rent, Annuity, yearly Interest of Money, or other annual Payment aforesaid, without such Deduction being made, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall be liable to be charged for such Payment at Treble the Rate of Duty contained in this A eft.

CXCIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, acting for the Purposes of this Act in the District where any Person making the Application shall reftde, that any Interest of Money, Annuity, or other annual Payment, shall be annually paid out of the Profits and Gains, bond Jide accounted for and charged by virtue of this Act, at the Rate and according to the Rules specified in Schedule (D)without any Deduction on Account thereof, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to grant a Certificate thereof, under their Hands or the Hands of any Two of them, in such Form as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, which Certificate shall entitle the Person so assessed, upon Payment of such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend, to abate and deduct so much thereof as a like Rate on such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend, would amount unto; and all Persons to whom such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend shall be paid, ftjaft allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend; and the Person or Persons paying the same shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as a like Rate thereon would amount unto, as if the same had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to whom such Interest, Annuity, Allowance, or Stipend, shall have been due and payable; provided no such Certificate shall be required where such Payments are to be made out of the Profits or Gains avifing from Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, as before mentioned, or of any Office or Employment of Profit, or out of any Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or any Dividend or Share in such publick Annuities as are herein mentioned, but such Deductions may be made without having obtained such Certificate.

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commi dinners, or any Two or more of them, executing this Act in relation to the aforesaid Duties, or any of them, and they are hereby respectively required, for the Districts for which they act, within One Calendar Month after the First Day of hearing Appeals, all Appeals then made being first determined, to issue out and deliver to the respective Col-ledtors Duplicates of the aforesaid Duties, charged at the respective Rates mentioned in the respective Schedules herein recited, without Alteration on Account of any Exemption or Allowance made or to be made therefrom, together with their Warrants, as directed by the said recited Acts respectively, for the speedy and effectually levying and collecting the said Duties as the same shall become payable, by Quarterly or Half-yearly Inlftal. ments, in the respective Parts of Great Britain as herein directed, distinguishing the Amount charged on each of the said recited Schedules; and such Part thereof as cannot be levied and collected according to the Powers of this Act, in the Parish or Place where the same are charged, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, and all Charges attending the fame; and when so recovered, the said Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parish or Place answerable for the same.

CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That the Parish or Place in which any Assessment shall have been made, or shall be made, of the aforesaid Duties, shall be answerable for the 'Amount of the Duties which shall so have been or be charged in such Parish or Place, and for the said Duties being duly demanded of the respective Persons charged therewith, according to the Regulations contained in the said recited Acts respectively, by the Collector or Collectors appointed for such Parish or Place, and also for such Collector or Collectors duly paying the Sums by him or them received to the Receiver General of the said Duties, according to inch Regulations.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That any of the Arrears of the said Duties arising from the Default as aforesaid, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Parish or Place as aforesaid shall be answerable, shall be assessed within or upon such Parish or Place as soon after such Default shall be discovered as conveniently can be done, and shall be charged on the Amoftmt of the Assessment which shall be made for the same Duties in the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April preceding the Time cf making such Re-assessment, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, in the Assessment of the same Duties on which such Arrear shall have accrued, according to the Amount of each Person's Assessment therein, as nearly as the Case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods, and Directions, by which the original Assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such Manner as any Assess" rent may be by virtue of this Act raised and levied, under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively.

3 I a CXCVIIL An*

Except <s« Foreign Securities, U c-

Pmalry on Ft r Tons rtf-using

to iillovr Deductions 5°l. [See/. 37. 192.]

Dcdu<£fi*ns on Payment of Interclf or Annuity out of Prefit*charged under Schedule

(D)(f. 95)in y he made by virtue of a Certificate from the Cwm-m.fliuneis.

Duties flnll he levied by Wai-rant of Cutn-imtHon: i s, atter Appeal D»y; and if not lev ied shall heroine Dibts on Record.

[St! f. I9 ).J

Parishes shall be

anl art-ruble fur C'.lledtoi*.

Arrear* shall be

re- 2T, Ted.

428.

Commissioners shall adjust Times of Payment if the appointed Days are elapsed, and Sums to be paid not being less than the Amount of Tu-o Inffal-ments Quarterly.

Assessments shall be for One Year, payable by Quarterly Instalmci ts, in England, and Half-yearly in Scotl-n.d. but /«/. 198.]

Duties under Schedule (C.) shall be paid Half yearly. [See/. 72, &c.]

Notices shall be given from Time to Time to Rc (idenrs who have not been before cUarged.

To declare in what Place they have been charged, or deliver a Statement for the Purpose of being affeflVd, Penalty on Party refilling 20l. AssessnieuC of such Party. Penalty on Perfom removing out of a Parish without returning Statement or discharging Air (Tineur, or not leaving fufheicnt Goods to satisfy tf.e Arrear, 20l.

On Certificate of Tax Office Arrear- (Hull be levied by Diflrcfi in the b'ffrnff where the Party resides, and any Deficiency shall be recoverable at a Dibt of Record.

3.49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

CXCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that this Act cannot be executed previous to the Time appointed for the Payment of the first or any subsequent Instalment of the said last mentioned Duties, or within the Year of Assessment, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for general Purposes, who shall have made or allowed any Assessment after the Period appointed for any such Payment, which they are hereby declared to be competent to do whenever the same shall be necessary, to settle and adjust at what Time and in what Proportions the Instalment or Instalments of which the Time or Times for Payment shall then have elapsed, shall be paid, in such Manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable. Regard being had to the Number of Days appointed for the Payment of Instalments then to come (if any) in the Year of making the Assessment; provided, that on or before every Quarterly Day of Payment as herein mentioned, after the making such Assessment, in the same or any subsequent Year, the said Commissioners shall direct at lead the Amount of Two Quarterly Payments to be made, until all Arrears, either for that or any former or subsequent Year, shall have been completed.

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment, to be made under this Act within the Year appointed for making the same, shall be deemed to be for the Current Year, and shall be in force for such Year; and every Assessment made after the Expiration of any Year in which the same ought to have been made, through the Default of any Person, shall be deemed to be for the Whole of the Year current when' the Assessment ought to have been made, and such Year shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, for the (irft Assessment, and for every subsequent Assessment during the Continuance of this Act, from the Fifth Day of April in such Year; and the said Duties which shall be charged in England\ Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, except where the same shall be detained and (lopped at - the respective Offices, shall be payable by Four Quarterly Instalments, at the Times following; videlicet, on or before the Twentieth Day 01 June, for the First Quarterly Instalment; on or before the Twentieth Day of September, for the Second Quarterly Instalment; on or before the Twentieth Day of December, for the Third Quarterly Instalment; and on or before the Twentieth Day of March, for the last Quarterly Instalment, in each Year; and in Scotland, the said Duties shall be payable by Two Half-yearly Instalments; videlicet, on or before the Twentieth Day of September, for the First Half-yearly Instalment; and on or before the Twentieth Day of March, for the last Half-yearly Instalment; the Payment thereof for the first Year's Assessment to be regulated, as to the Proportion of the Sums and Times of Payment, by the respective Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained: Provided always, that in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (C.) the Duties thereon shall be payable Half yearly, and at such Times as the Dividends, in respect whereof they shall be charged, are payable.

CC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall come into any Parish or Place wherein such Person or Persons shall not have been before charged to the said last mentioned Duties, contained in any of the said Schedules, for the said Year, the Assessor or Assessors, or Collector or Collectors, or any Inspector or Surveyor, shall give or leave Notice in Writing, to or for every such Person so residing within the Limits for which such Assessors, Collectors, Inspectors, or Surveyors, respectively act, to make out and deliver within Fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a Declaration in Writing, signed by him or her with his or her own proper Name, which shall specify the Name of the Parish or Place, County or Counties, wherein such Persons shall have been assessed as aforesaid for such Year, and also to produce the Certificate of such Assessment, or in Default thereof, to deliver a Statement for the Purpose of being assessed in such Parish or Place; and if any such Person as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to make out and sign, and deliver such Declaration or Statement as aforesaid, within the Time before-mentioned, or shall make any false or untrue Return therein in any Particular thereof, every such Person shall, for every Inch Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and when in any Case it shall not appear in the Assessment of any Parish or Place for that Year, that any Person or Persons residing or being therein, shall have been assessed to the said Duties in the same Parish or Place, then and in such Case it shall be lawful to the respective Commissioners acting for the said District, and they are hereby required to proceed in Manner before directed to a(fef3 such Persons to the find several Duties, or either of them, in like Manner in every Respect as if such Person had been resident in such Parish or Place at the Time of the Publication of Notices as directed by this Act, unless such Person shall prove to their Satisfaction, that he or (lie hath been duly charged in some other Parish or Place, and hath paid or satisfied the Duties so charged; and if any Person or Persons, before or after Notice given to return a Statement as aforesaid, shall remove out of such Parish or Place without returning such Statement, or before an Assessment shall be made on him, her, or them, with Intent to evade an Assessment; or if any Person or Persons being assessed to the said Duties, shall remove out of the Parish or Place where he, she, or they shall have been assessed to the said Duties, without first paying or discharging all the said Duties charged upon him, her, or them, which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in such Parish or Place sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, and the same shall remain in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Twenty Days after the Time appointed by this Act for Payment thereof; every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and -pay (over and above the said Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid) the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in every such Case, and also in every Case where any Person or Persons shall reside, in any other Parish or Place than the Parish or Place where the Charge shall be made on him, her, or them, in pursuance of this Act, and the same shall be certified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to he in Arrear and unsatisfied, in the Whole or in Part, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to certify to the Commissioners of the District within which such Person or Persons shall reside, the whole Amount of the Assessment made upon such Person or Persons; and such last mentioned Commissioners shall thereupon issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of the whole Duty that shall then have been assessed on such Person or Persons, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame; and if Goods or Chattels cannot be found 6f whereon

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 49. 429

whereon such Distress can be fiiHy made, tien and in erery such Case the Whole of futh Art'eaf of Duty, and Colls and Clterges as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as cannot be levied and coUe&ed by Distress as aforesaid, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, together with all Costs and Charges attending the same.

CCI. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise^ between Tenant and Landlord, or any other Person or Persons to whom any Interest, Rent, Rent Charge, Annuity, Fee Farm Rent, Rent Service, Quit Rent, Feu Duty, or other Rent or annual Payment, shall be payable, touching the Sums to be deducted thereout oil account of the Duties hereby charged having been paid, or between the Occupier for the Time being and any former Occupier of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, touching the Proportion of Duty to be paid or allowed by either Party, the respective Commissioners for general Purposes, or any Two or more of them in their several Districts, rfiall have Authority, and they are hereby required to settle the Proportions of such Payments and Deductions as shall be according to the Directions of this Act; and the Judgement and Deteru ination of such Commissioners shall be finaL

CCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contra6l, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Persons, touching the Payment of Ta^es and Assessments to be charged on their respective Premises, shall be deemed or construed to extend to the Duties by this Act charged thereon, nor to be binding contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, but that all such Duties shall be charged upon and paid by the respective Occupiers, subject to such Deductions and Repayments as are by this Act authorized and allowed; and all such Deductions and Repayments shall be made and allowed accordingly, notwithstanding such Contradls, Covenants, or Agreements.

CCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, shall, by fraudulently changing, or having changed his or her Place of Residence, orby fraudulently converting, or having converted his or her Property, or any Part thereof, or by fraudulently releasing, assigning, or conveying, or having fraudulently released, assigned, or conveyed the fame, or any Part thereof, or by making and delivering any such Statement or Schedule as aforesaid which shall be false or fraudulent, or having any Property chargeable as last aforesaid, shall fraudulently convert or shall have fraudulently converted the same or any Part thereof, by altering or having altered any Security with relation to such Property, or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered the fame, or any Part thereof, temporarily unprodudlive, in order that such Person may not be charged for the same or any Part thereof, or by any Falsehood, wilful Neglect, Fraud, Covin, Art, or Contrivance whatsoever, already used or pra6lifed, or to be uf d or pra6lifed, shall not be charged and assessed according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, on Proof thereof before any Two or more of the said respective Commissioners for general Purposes a6ling for the District wherein such Person shall be chargeable, be charged and assessed Double the Amount of the Charge which ought to have been made on such Person (if no such Charge shall have been made); and if any such Charge shall have been made, which shall be less than the Charge which ought to have been made on such Person, then such Person shall be assessed and charged over and above such former Charge Double the Amount of the Difference between the Sum with which such Person shall have been charged, and the Sum with which he or she ought to have been charged, to be added to such Assessment and applied as in other Cases as aforesaid.

CCIV. And be it further enacted, That if by any Error, an Assessment or any Part thereof, shall be made under this Act upon the Profits or Gains arising from any Property, or from any Office or Employment of Profit which shall have been otherwise charged under this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners a6ling for general Purposes in relation to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) on due Proof thereof to their Satisfaction, to cause such Assessments, on such- Part thereof as shall be so doubly affcfled, to be vacated; and which Proof shall be either by a Certificate of the Assessment made on such Property, or on such Office or Employment, under the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners by whom such last mentioned Assessment shall have been made, and that the same is included in such la ft-mentioned Assessment, or by other lawful Evidence given on those Fa6ls on the Oath or Oaths, of any credible Witness or Witnesses: And whenever such Commissioners shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes., that such Double Assessment hath been made, and is not vacated, and that Payment hath been made of both Assessment9, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to order and direct the Receivers General who shall have received the Sums so doubly afilffd, to repay the same to the Party, which Order shall be an Authority to such Receiver General to repay the fame, and such Repayment shall be allowed in his Accounts.

CCV. And be it further enacted, That in the Computation of Duty tube made under this A cl in any of the Cases before mentioned either by the Party making the same, or by the respective Commissioners, it shall not be lawful to make any r.th v Ib <ru6lions therefrom than such as are exprofilly enumerated in this Act, nor to make any Dedu6lion whfi h , oy any of the Rules contained in the said Schedules or in this Act, are directed not to be allowed or made, nor to make any Deduction on Account of any annual Intern ft, Annuity, or other annual Payments, to be paid to any Person or Persons out of any Profits or Gains chargeable by this Act, except the Interest of Debts due to Foreigners notresident in Great Britain, in regard t'mt a proportionate Part i>f the Duty so to be charged is allowed to be dedu6led on making such Payments; nor lo make any Deduction from the Profits or Gains arising from any Property herein described, nor from any Office or Employment of Profit, on Account of Diminution of Capital employed, or of Loss sustained in any Trade, Manufacture, Adventure, or Concern.

Commissioners shall settle Differences between Landlord and Tenant* &c. as to Deductions.

No Contra As between Landlord and Tenant*, See. shall l<c binding-: contrary to this Act.

Penalty on Persons fuudu-Ici'tly changing their Residence, ' or converting Property, or delivei ing false Sratemenfs; double Duty.

Relief for double Aik Ilmen t« by including in Schedule (D)Property other-wile charges^lc.

No Dedu/lions shall be allowed but such as are authorized by this Act.

made

CGVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons, chargeable with the Duties hereby ide payable as aforesaid, shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any Persons so chargeable

shall

Parents and Guardians liaLIt for infants,

and Executors for Pei suns dying.

C. 49.

450 GEORGII II1.

A.D. 1805.

shall die, in every such Case the Parents, Guardians, or Tutors of such Infants respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, and the Executors and Administrators of the Persons so dying, shall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Infants ought to nave made, or the Persons so dying were chargeable with; and if such Parents, Guardians, or Tutors, or such Executors or Administrators, shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to proceed again (I them in like Manner as against any other Person or Persons nlaking Default of Payment of the said Duties; and all Parents, Guardians, or Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every Sum and Sums paid for such Tnfants, in his, her, or their Accounts; and all Executors and Administrators shall be allowed to deduct all such Payments out of the Assets of the Persons so dying.

CCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon any such Examination on Oath or Affirmation, or in any Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation authorized by this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false 'Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CCVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information for Perjury committed in any such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation as aforesaid, whether the same shall be taken or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may be laid, tried, and determined in the County where such Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, shall be exhibited to the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act\

CCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or catife or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, acting in the Execution of this Act, authorizing or purporting to authorize any Allowance, Abatement, or Exemption under this Act, or the Receipt of any Sum or Sums contained in any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, after the same shall have been delivered by the said Commissioners, or any Certificate or Receipt which the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or any Receiver General or his Deputy, are or is by this Act authorized to give on the Receipt of any Money payable under this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate, or any such Receipt, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

CCX. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Trial of any Indictment, Information, Action, Suit, or Prosecution whatsoever, or in any Proceedings relative thereto, under and by virtue of this and the said recited Act, any Question shall arise whether any Person be a Commissioner or Officer of or for the said Duties, or commissioned or appointed to act as such, then and in every such Case, Proof may be made and admitted, that such Person was reputed to be or had adled as such Commissioner or Officer, or aaed under such Commission or Appointment at the Time and Times respectively, when the Matter or Matters in controversy upon such Trial or Trials, or other Proceedings, shall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to nave been done or performed, without producing or proving the particular Commission, Appointment, Nomination, or other Authority, whereby such Commissioner or Officer was constituted and appointed; and that in every such Case such Proof shall be deemed and taken by all Judges, Justices, or Commissioners, before whom any such Trial or Proceedings shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CCXI. And whereas His Majesty's Subjects residing out of Great Britain, and others, may be desirous of voluntarily contributing towards the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for lu'rL Bink of an>' Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, and at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this

'Penalty on Perfum guify of Perjury.

Indict ments may lie tried where the Affidavit was exhibited.

Pubishment of Persons guilty of fogging or alte ii g Cm fic itea Receipts, &c. Felo» v

punish-Me by 14 Yeai* Transportatiun.

Evidence may be received, of Persons being Commissioners or Officers, without

producing

Commission.

Vuluntaiy

C<-n I'l unons

England.

open

Bank (ha

Account with the Trealm v.

Power to return Money erroee <ufly paid, on Certificate of rA fcX-Othce.

Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the said Governor or Company, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, any Sum or Sums of Money as and for a voluntary Contribution, for the Purpose of carrying on the War, and in such Case to require a Certificate or Certificates for the fame, acknowledging the Payment of such voluntary Contribution; which Sums to be paid as aforesaid, for which such Certificates shall be required, shall be deemed and taken to be voluntary Contributions of such Persons, Body Politick or Corporate respectively, towards effecting the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, and shall be applied as the other Monies paid into the Bank of England by virtue of this Act may be applied.

CCXII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, for each Year during the Continuance of this Act, under the Title of The Commissioners of the Treasury on Account of Contributions granted and allowed by Parliament for the Tear

and shall carry to the Credit of such Account all the Monies authorized by this Act to be paid to the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, or to their Cashier or Cashierr-, or other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, within each such Year, during the Continuance of this Act.

CCXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall have paid, or shall hereafter pay into the Bank of England, or to any Receiver General, any Sum or Sums of Money on Account of the Duties herein recited, and it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for, the Affairs of Taxes, that such Sum or Sums, or any Part thereof, wrs so paid by Mistake, and is not included in any Assessment or Charge made of the said Duties, and that the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, ought to be repaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, cr any Three or more of them, to certify the same to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, and to such Receiver or Receivers General respectively; and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be an

Authoriy

A.D. 1805.

45' GEORGII III.

C. 4.9. 431

uing

Authority to such Cashier or Cashiers to repay such Sum of Money to or for the Party who shall have so paid the fame, and shall be a Discharge to such Cashiers and Receivers General respectively, for such Repayment.

CCXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Allowance mentioned in Number V. Schedule (A.) Special shall be granted by the Commissioners for Special Purposes to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, it Commissioners shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, to certify the same to the Receiver m*v certify General of the County or Place, whore the Property in respect of which such Allowances shall have been granted is situate, and the Certificate of such Commissioners shall be an Authority to every such Receiver General^11 e

to pay the Amount so certified to the Party entitled thereunto, and shall be a Discharge to such Receiver General (/. tc> for such Payment. ReceiverGctu r.il who Ch.il! p*y the same.

CCXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time or Times party charged during the Continuance of this Act charged to or liable to the Payment of any of the Duties by this Act Duties may granted, to pay or cause to be paid to the said Governor and Company, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or P*>' Mey into other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, any Sum or Sums of Money 6n Account of such Duties, lm'*v 1!" ed and to require a Certificate of such Payments; and all Sums so paid, not exceeding the Amount of such Duties, d , ti. Jand shall be deemed and taken to be on Account of such Duties, and in Advance of the fame; and the Excess of Voluntary the Sums paid above the Amount of the said Duties shall be deemed and taken to be voluntary Contributions CumiiSuri towards the Purposes of this and the said recited Act 5 and the Certificates to be given upon the said Payments ?^shall, upon Delivery thereof to the respective Commissioners, or at their Office, be an Acquittance and '*

Discharge for so much ajid such Parts of the said Duties as the Person delivering the same shall indorse thereon.

CCXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid into One Certificate, the said Bank of England^ the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person receiving the fame, shall give such fcParsite Certificates as aforesaid, signed by them respectively, for the Whole of the Sums so paid, or separate Certificates, Tvcii at

in like Form, for such Portions thereof as shall be required, which Certificates shall severally be cut off the B.mkTa* indentwise from the Counter Cheques thereof, which Counter Cheques are to remain with the said Governor required, on tut h and Company; and every such Certificate shall be denominated in the Body thereof to be on Account of Payment. Payments made into the said Bank, in Discharge of the Duties assessed by virtue of this Act, the Excess of the said Duties being to be considered as a voluntary Contribution.

CCXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Delivery of any such Certificate as last aforesaid to On DU very of the said Commissioners, or at their Office, in Discharge of the Whole of the said Duties assessed or charged Oernficaic* to upon the Person or Persons delivering or causing to be delivered such Certificate, or any Part thereof, the said Qer^foali Commissioners, or their Clerk, shall, if required, indorse in Writing on the Back of the Certificate to be given glve a Reccipr, by them or him in such Case, the Amount of the Number of Instalments of the said Duties to be discharged which shall by such Payments, which Receipts of the said Commissioners or their Clerks as aforesaid shall be received, discharge the without further Proof, as Evidence of such Payments in all Courts and Places and before all Persons whatever. &c*

CCXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall by virtue of this Act be received by any ^on, cs received Deputy or Deputies to any Receiver General, or by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be paid under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively, to the Receiver General appointed or Collectors shall to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and at such Times and in such Manner as is directed be pa d to by the said recited Acts respectively. Receivers General.

CCXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies flopped at the Receipt of the Exchequer in pursuance Monies (lopped of this Act, shall be paid o?ver to the proper Officer in the said Receipt, to be applied to such Services as the at h. Exchequer, other Monies paid into the said Receipt may be applied; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank of j^t^c England shall from Time to Time pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, all such Monies as shall be [of^cT©fIker.C paid into the said Bank in pursuance of this Act, within One Week after such Payment shall be made, for which Payment no Fee shall be demanded or taken lit the said Receipt of the Exchequer.

CCXX. And be it further enacted, That every Collector shall have Three-pence in the Pound for what Allowance* to Money of the several Duties aforesaid he shall pay to the Receiver General his Deputy or Deputies; and that for the careful writing and transcribing the said Assessments, Warrants, Eflreats, and Duplicates in due Time, cVkitors'-d. and for the due, speedy, and effectually executing all Matters and Things directed to be performed under tie ptr p. und, said Commissioners, the Clerk of the respective Commissioners who shall perform the same within the respective Ckik* i^d. Times limited by this Act, shall, by Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, Three Halfpence in the Pound of all such Monies of the said several Duties as shall be assessed in or by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly, provided this Act be carried into Execution in due Time, and in an effectual Manner, for the District in which he shall be appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants or Eflreats to be made, and the Duplicates to be delivered to the Receiver General, and into the Office of the King's Remembrancer as aforesaid, within the Times limited by this Act, and not otherwise 5 and no Person, except the Assistant or Assistants to such Clerk* (if any) shall, under any Pretence whatever, be None shall entitled to any Part of the Reward hereby given to such Clerk, which Compensations mall be apportioned and la, e , n such settled by the respective Commissioners; nor shall such Clerk, under any Pretence whatever, demand, take, or th^Assistant^1*receive any Fee, Gratuity, or Perquisite, for any Matter or Thing to be done by him, by virtue and under the Clerks shall not Authority of this Act, from any Person or Persons other than the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, Vave any in Manner aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Compensation shall be made to any Collector in respect of &c-any Sum or Sums detained or flopped under the Authority of this Act, or paid into the Bank of England\ or^°B

in respect thereof, or in respect of any Sums paid by the respective Parties into the said Bank, nor to any d9Receiver; other than such Sum or Sums as shall be directed to be paid to such Collectors or Receivers, by the Bank, &c. Warrant of Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for their Pains and Care in executing this Act.

43

P^ymrpr of Duties thall not confei it Settle-m: nt.

Penalties shall be recovered as - under 43 G. 3. c. 99. 130. Monies ar sing fromDutres Hull be paid into the Exchequer, applicable to the Service* of each rY«ar.

Treasury nry settle Allowance for Sin vet 01 s incident il Expence?., See,

No Person or Corporation shall be exempt by virtue of any .betters Patent.

Provision* applied to any particular Schedule extended to all other Schedule*. Schedule (F.) deemed Part of this Act.

Oath to be taken by Commissioners and additional Commissioners.

C. 49. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

CCXXI. And be it filHher enabled. That the Payment of any of the Duties made payable by this Act, by any Person or Persons in any Parish or Place, shall not entitle the Person or Persons so paying such Duties, to a Settlement in such Parish or Place.

CCXXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for, recovered, and applied, in such Manner and Form as is directed by the said recited Acts respectively, in regard to the pecuniary Penalties arid Forfeitures thereby imposed.

CCXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies ari finer by the said respective Duties and Contributions (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the lame excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at ll/'cjfminster) diilinftly and apart f om all other Branches of the Publick Revenues, and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the Monies anting from the said Duties and Contributions, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall he entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall from Time to Time, as the same shall be nnid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treafitry, now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly: Provided always, that out of the Monies from Time to Time arisen or to arise of or for the said Duties made payable by this Act, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to settle and appoint such Salaries and Allowances for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the Surveyors, Inspectors, and other Officers to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and otherwise in relation thereto, and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

CCXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Letters Patent granted by His Majesty or any of His Royal Progenitors, or to be granted by His Majesty to any Person or Persons, Cities, Boroughs, or Towns Corporate, within this Realm, of any Manner of Liberties, Privileges, or Exemptions from Subsidies, Tolls, Taxes, Assessments, or Aids, shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons, City, Borough, or Town Corporate, or any of the Inhabitants of the fame, from the Burden and Charges of any of the said Duties, and all non oljlantes in such Letters Patent made or to be made in Bar of this Act, are hereby declared to be void and of none Effeft 5 any such Letters Patent, Grants, or Charters, or any Clause of non obstante, or other Matter or Thing therein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in this Act contained, and applied to the Duty in any particular Schedule, which shall also be applicable to the Duty in any other Schedule, and not repugnant to the Provisions for charging, ascertaining, or levying the Duty in such other Schedule, shall in charging, ascertaining, and levying the fame, be applied as fully and effectually as if the Application thereof had been id expressly and particularly directed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule herein after mentioned, marked (F.) shall be deemed a Part of this Act, as if the same had been inserted herein, under a special Enactment; provided that the several Oaths therein mentioned shall be deemed and understood and taken to refer only to the Duties contained in Schedules (C)or (D.) and to such other Duties as are directed to be charged under the same Provisions and Regulations.

SCHEDULE (F.)

Form of the Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and by additional Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof, in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule (D.)

4 A. B do swear or affirm the Case may £4], That I will truly, faithfully, impartially, and honestly, 4*according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Powers and Authorities veiled in me by

an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, here set forth the Title of this A3j, and that I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the said Act, in such Manner only as shall appear to me necessary for the due Execution of the fame; and that I will judge and determine upon all Matters and Things which shall be brought before me under the said Act, without Favour, Affection, or Malice; and that will not disclose any Particular contained in any Schedule, Statement, or Declaration, delivered with respect: to any Duties charge^ under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedule (C..) or (D)as

recited in the said Act, or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation, respecting the fame, in pursuance of the said Act, excepting in

such Cases, and to such Persons only who shall be sworn to the due Execution of this Act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of this Act, or to the Commiflicuiers for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed in such Examination,

Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation. 4 So help me GOD.'

Form

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. ft. 49. ! 43 3

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by Inspectors and Surveyor* as sfforefiad,

I A.B. do fwe&r or affirm, That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this Act]f Oartito betaken 4 A I will examine and revise all Statements, Schedules, and Declarations delivered within myDiftrid; and>y >nfp«aors

in objeding to the fame, I will ad according to the best of my Information and Knowledge, and that I and urvoJrorV

will conduct myself without Favour or Affection, or Malice; and that I will exercise the Powers entrusted c to me by the (laid Ad in such Manner only as shall appear to me to: be neqeflary for the due Execution of the fame, or as I shall be directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of

them 5 and that I will nqt disclose any Particular contained in any Statement, ' Declaration, or Scl*edule\ with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedules (C.) or (D.) or 11 any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition,

or Affirmation respecting the fame, in pursuance of the said Act, except in such Cases, and to such Persons only who shall be sworn to the due Execution of this Act, and where it shall be aeceflary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed in such Examination, Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation.

'So help me GOD.*

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by Assessors as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear or affirm, That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, an Act [here set forth the Title of Oath to be take*

this I will in all Respects ad diligently and honestly, and without Favour or Affection, to the belt by Assessors.

4 of my Knowledge and Belief; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement or

Schedule delivered to me in the Execution of the said Act, except in such Cases only, and to such Persons where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed in any Matter relating to such Statement or Schedule.

'So help me GOD.*

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Collectors, or the Deputies to the Receivers General appointed f, 155 ]

under this Act as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear or affirm, That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act [here ft forth the Title of Oath to be taken this Act j, I will not disclose any Assessment, or the Amount of any Sum paid or to be paid by any by Colkaors Individual under the said Act, or the Books of Assessment which shall be delivered to me in the Execution tucker? 4 of the said Act, with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedules General/*

4 1(C.J or (D.) except in such Cases, and to such Persons only who shall be sworn to the due Execution of the said Act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed in such Examination or Affidavit. 4 So help me GOD.

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by a Clerk or Clerk's Assistant to the Commissioners as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear or affirm. That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Office of a Clerk or Assistant Oath to be takru Clerk, [as the Case may be-\ according to an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Ay ihe; Clerk or present Majesty, intituled, An Act f here set forth the Title of this Act], to the best of my Knowledge and '<2te*k, sAssistant. 4 Judgement; and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement, Declaration, or Schedule,

4 or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit, Deposition,

4 or Affirmation, respecting the fame, (except in such Cases where I shall be directed so to do by the ReguJations of the said Act, or any Twow more of the Commissioners under whom I ad, or in order to and in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed on such Examination, Affidavit, Deposition, or Affirmation. 4 So help me GOD.*

CCXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule marked (G.) with Rules and Directions therein Schedule (G.) contained, in making Returns of the Amount of annual Value or Profits on which any Duty is chargeable by shall be observed the said recited Act and this Act, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Case of each Person, in executing the Corporation, Company, or Society, described or mentioned in this Act, on the Behalf of themselves, and also A'of others for whom they ad in any of the Characters described in this Act, or herein after mentioned, shall be observed by each such Person, Corporation, Company, or Society, or by his, her, or their Agents or Officers* in the Cases where such Agents or Officers are authorized to make such Returns.

SCHEDULE (G.)

I. — By every Occupier of Lands, Tenemeats, Hereditaments, or Heritages, throughout Great Britain, to [.?#/ 37* 38.J be charged under Schedules (A.) and (B.) or either of them.

A Statement of the annual Value of all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Heritages, occupied in the Parish of estimating separately such as are occupied as Owner or Tenant; and also such as J

are held under different Landlords 5 and also such as are chargeable by the Rent or annual Value, or on the Amount of Profits 5 and also estimating separately the Rent or annual Value chargeable in respect of the Property, and the Amount chargeable in relped of the Occupation; videlicet, '

Lands and Tenements occupied as Owners:

Lands avid Tenements let at Rack Rent within Seven Years:

Lands and Tenements let before the Period of Seven Years:

45 G«p. I1L 3 K The

434 C»49* 45° GEORGII IIt. A.D. 1865.

The Amount of the Composition, Rent, or Annual Payment, paid in the preceding Year to the Rector or Vicar, or other Person, for Tithes of the above Lands and Tenements:

The Amount of each Deduction claimed in respect thereof.

II. — By every Restor, Vicar, or other Person receiving any Tithes in Kind, or any Payments in lieu of any Tithes, not being Tithes from Lands; and on all Teinds, in Scotland, to be charged under Schedule (A.)

The Amount of the Profits arising therefrom, on an Average of Three Years.

III. — By every Person, Corporation, or Company, carrying on any Concern herein after mentioned, or their Agents or Officers, in the Cases authorized to be charged under Schedule (A).

The Amount of Profits from Quarries of Stone, Slate, Limestone, or Chalk:

Of Iron Works, Salt Springs or Works, Alum Mines or Works, WaterWorks, Streams of Water, Canals, Inland Navigations, Docks, Fishings, Rights of Markets and Fairs, Tolls, Ways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the preceding Year:

Of Mines of Coal, Tin, Lead, Copper, Mundic, Iron, and other Mines, on an Average of Five Years.

IV. — By every Lord or Lady of a Manor or other Royalty, or Tenant of the same.

The Amount of all Dues and other Services, or other casual Profits (except Rents and annual Payments of such Manors or Royalties) on an Average of Seven Years.

V. — By the Receiver of any Fine paid in Consideration of a Demise of Lands or Tenements (except

customary) to be charged under Schedule (A).

The Amount of such Fines in the preceding Year.

VL — By every Person entitled to Profits arising from Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, not Hated as before, to be charged under Schedule (A.)

The Amount on a fair Average, to be allowed by the respective Commissioners.

[Set /. 72.] VII. — By or on the Behalf of every Person entitled to any Dividend, or Share of any Annuity, payable

out of the Revenue, except corporate Stocks of the Bank, South Sea, or East India Companies, or at the Exchequer, to be charged under Schedule (C.)

A Statement of the following Particulars, except where the Duty shall be paid into the Bank of England: First. — The Description of the Capital Stock, and the Amount of such Stock:

Second. — The Amount of the Dividends receivable on each Stock Half-yearly:

Third. — The Name or Names in which each Stock is invested:

Fourth. — A Declaration whether the Charge is to be made Half-yearly or Yearly:

Fifth. — In case a Trustee or other Person, in whose Names any Stock is veiled, shall not receive the same, a t ^Declaration of the Name and Residence of the Person or Persons receiving the same shall be a sufficient Return: Sixth. — In case the Duty shall be paid into the Bank of England, and the Particulars before-mentioned be delivered at the Office for that Purpose, a Notice of such Intention to pay the same into the Bank of England shall be a sufficient Return.

Ifeef. 93, VIII. — By or for every Person carrying tin any Trade, Manufashire, Adventure, or Concern, in the Nature of Trade, to be charged under Schedule (IX)

The Amount of the Balance of the Profit* thereof, upon a fair and just Average of Three Years, or for such shorter Period as the Concern has been carried on.

IX. — By ever^r Person exercising any Profession, Employment, or Vocation, rto be charged under The Amount of the Balance of the Profits, Gains, and Employments thereof within the preceding Year.

X. — By every Person entitled to Profits of an uncertain Value, not before flated, to be charged under

Schedule (D.)

The full Amount of the Profits or Gains arising therefrom within the preceding Year.

XI. — By every Person receiving, in Great Britain, Interest from Securities out of Great Britain, to b«

charged under Schedule (D.)

The full Amount that has been received or will be received, as far as the same can be computed, in the current Year.

XII. — By every Person receiving, in Great Britain, Profits from Professions out of Great Britain, to be charged under Schedule (D.)

The full Amount annually received therefrom, either by Remittances or Importation of Property, or Money or Value from Property not imported, or on Credit, or on Accounts in respect of Remittances, Property, or Value, on an Average of the Three preceding Years*

XIII — By

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 49. 435

XIII. — By every Person entitled to any annual Profits, not falling under any of the foregoing Rules, and

not charged by any of the other Schedules, to be charged under Schedule (D.)

The full Amount thereof received annually, or according to the Average directed to be taken by the Commissioners on a Statement of the Nature of such Profits, and the Grounds on which the Amount has been '*

computed, and the Average taken, to the best of the Party's Knowledge and Belief.

XIV. — Declarations to be delivered in respect of the Duty to be charged under Schedule (D.)

First. — Declaration by the precedent acting Partner, or by the Agent, if none of the Partners are resident in Great Britain, of the Names of the several Partners, their respective Residences, and the Place of carrying on the Trade or Concern, or exercising the Profession, and the Style or Description of the Firm:

Second. — Declaration by any Partner, not being the precedent acting Partner, of his being assessed with the Firm, describing the fame, and the Place where the Return of the precedent Partner was made:

Third — Declaration which may be made by each Partner desirous of being and entitled to be separately assessed, describing the Firm, and his or her Proportion of the Profits.

XV. — Statement of Profits of any Office not chargeable by Commissioners specially appointed in the

Department where the Office is held.

The Amount of the Salary, Fees, Wages, Perquisites, and Profits of Office in the preceding Year, or on an Average of Three Years, as the Case shall require:

The like Statement to be delivered to the Commissioners appointed in the Department, if required.

XVI. — General Declaration by each Person returning a Statement of Profits under Schedules (A.), (B),

(C.), (D.), or (E).

Declaring the Truth thereof, and that the same is fully stated on every Description of Property or Profits included in the Act relating to the said Duties, and appertaining to the Party, estimated to the bell of his Judgement and Belief, according to the Directions and Rules of this Act.

XVII. — Lift and Declaration for facilitating the Execution of the Act in relation to the Duties j, ^3, j*c.] chargeable on others.

First. — Lift containing the Name of every Lodger or Inmate in any Dwelling House, with the ordinary Place of Residence of such Lodger or Inmate, if he mall have an ordinary Place of Residcfice elsewhere at which he is desirous of being assessed:

Second. — Lift of every Person in the Service or Employ of any Master or Mistress, whether resident in his or her Dwelling House or not, and the Place of Residence of those not residing with the Mailer or Mistress:

Third. — Lift to be delivered by every Trustee, Agent, Receiver, Guardian, Tutor, Curator, or Committee, of the Name and Place of Residence of the Person or Persons for whom they act in such Character, describing them, and the Names of them who are joined in Trust:

Fourth. — Declaration on whom the Duty is chargeable in respect of such Trust:

Fifth. — Lift containing the proper Description of every Corporation, Company, Fraternity, Fellowship,

Society, or Trust, for which any Person is answerable as Treasurer, Auditor, or Receiver:

Where any Person before described is answerable for the Duty to be charged in respect of the Property or Profits of others, such Lifts as aforesaid shall be delivered, together with the required Statements of such Profits.

XVIII. — Lifts, Declarations, and Statements of Discharge, or murder to obtain Exemptions, Abate- [&*/: i3e, &c.] ments, or Allowances.

First. — Declaration of the Amount of Value of Property or Profits returned, or for which the Claimant hath been assessed:

Second. — Declaration of the Amount of Rents, Interests, Annuities, or other annual Payments, for which the Party is liable to allow and deduct the Duty, with the Names of the respective Persons by whom such Payments are to be made; distinguishing the Amount of each Payment:

Third. Declaration of the Amount of Interest, Annuities, or other annual Payments, to be made out of the Property or Profits assessed on the Claimant; distinguishing each Source:

Fourth. — Statement of the Amount of Income derived according to die Three preceding Declarations:

Fifth. — Declaration of the whole Number of Children of the Claimant maintained at his or her Expence.

CCXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause proper Ani?

Forms to.be made out and dispersed, for returning all such Matters and Things as are required to be returned difperie pIOp<r by this Act, containing the Lifts, Declarations, and Statements mentioned in Schedule (G.), with proper Form*, &c. for References and Schemes for including such Returns, and all such other Lifts, Declarations, and Statements, executing this and all other Matters and Things as are required by this Act, and which may be necessary to be made out in the due Execution of this Act, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to them to be most expedient.

CCXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty granted by an Act of the present Session q

of Parliament on the Amount of Assessments to be charged on the Profits anting irom Property, Professions, "7! on Amount Trades, and Offices, shall be charged, levied, and accounted for under the Regulations of this Act; and all Assessroan*

and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and shall be charge* Things, contained in this Act, applicable to the said additional Duties, shall be severally and respectively under the duly observedj practised, and put in Execution, with Reference to the said additional Duties, as fully a*0"*

3 K 2 and

43 6

Form of Certificates for Allowance in respect of Income, r for Children.

C. 49.

45 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions* Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things herein contained, were expressly applied to the said additional Duties.

CCXXX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Certificate shall be granted authorizing any Allowance in respect of Income or For Children, the following Forms shall be observed, mu tails mutandis, and the Sums allowed shall be inserted therein iu Words at Length.

Property Acts, Year 180

CERTIFICATE of ALLOWANCE in respect of ASSESMENTS made on the Claimant out of the

r Distria.

On the

of

1S0

Day

the

other Part hereof was delivered to

of authorizing

the following Allowances from Assessments, viz.

Income -

rn

- rr\ W Is

£., .d £.: J.

Allowance on 7 Income j

pkto for Chll- 7 <lr«n I

Total

To the Commissioners of

D Y the Commissioners acting for the of in the County of

These are to certify, That of the

Parish of hath proved to our Satisfaction*

that the Whole of Income, estimated

according to an Act passed on the Day of in the Forty-fifth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Contributions granted to His Majesty on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, by Two Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, doth not exceed the Sum of and that he is entitled to the

following Allowances, viz.

Under 43 Geo. 3. Under 45 Geo. 3.

\ In respect of an Assessment in the Parish of in the County of situate out of our District, on the Ground of Income, the Sums of £*£. i.

In respect of the same Assessment for Children above Two, maintained by at own Expence* the Sums of

Amounting altogether to the Sums of

For which several Amounts, and no more, this Certificate (half be a sufficient Authority.

Given under our Hands, this!

Day of 180 > Commissioners.

To the Commissioners of

FORM of INDORSEMENT thereon.

THIS Certificate, on Delivery thereof to the Collector of the Parish of where the within*

named Party is afiefled, will authorize the Collector to receive the same, in Discharge of so much of the Assessment made, or if such Assessment shall be insufficient for the Purpose, or shall have been paid, to pay to t£e Party, out of the Monies in his the Collector's Hands, of the Duties granted by the Acts within mentioned.

Property

Property Acts, Year 180

CERTIFICATE of ALLOWANCE in respect of ANNUAL PAYMENTS made to the Claimant.

On the Day of

180 the other Pint hereof was delivered to

of authorizing

the following Allowances in respect to Annual Payments, viz.

fgY the Commissioners acting for the of in the County of

I'hcfe are to certify, That of the

hath proved to our Satisfaction that the Whole of Income, estimated according to an Act, paITed on the Day

of in the Forty.fifth Year of Hi*

present Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Contributions granted to His Majesty on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, by Two Ad* of the Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years 01 the Reigo of His said Majesty, doth not exceed the Sum of and that he is entitled to the following Allowances, viz.

Income -

Under 43 Geo. 3. Under 45 Geo. 3.

Allowance 7 on Income 3 <» </.

Ditto for 1 Children y

Total -

Under 43 Geo. 3. Under 4J Geo. J.

In respect of an Annual Payment of £. payable by of on the Ground of Income, the Sums of, £.. d. M 4 St

In respect of the same Annual Payment for Children above Two, maintained by at own Expence* the Sums of

Amounting together to the Sums of

For which several Amounts, and no more, this Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority.

Given under our Hands this Day of 180

1

Commissioners.

FORM of INDORSEMENT thereon.

THIS Certificate, on Delivery thereof to the Person making the Annual Payment herein mentioned, is to be received by him in Discharge of the Sum thereby allowed, and will be endorsed and delivered by him to the Collector of the Parish where he resides, by whom it will be taken as Cash, on Account of the rerfbn £9 endorsing it, to be applied a* directed by the Ad.

CCXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed NbHiing in the to impeach any of the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His. A* present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company with rrfpe8 to the Rate I Interest, and the Duty payable thereon. 44 G. y c. y relating to East |, d»a Bond*

V«Ad

A.D. 1805.

438 C. 49, 5*

45° GEORGII III.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §232."

C 'mmenc^ment CCXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the"^Continuance Fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and five, and, together with the recited Duties therein con-X f tained, shall continue to be in Force during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April* next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and no longer; provided, that all the Powers and Provisions of this Act shall continue in Force for completing all such Assess'rnents as ought to have been made during the Continuance of the said Duties, and for levying and recovering the Duties so afiefled, and such Arrears of Duties as shall remain unpaid at the Determination of the said Duties,

of Act.

[Srt 43 O. 3 c iti. /. Z3< 6 .1 % .]

Irish A A,

37 G. 3-c. 45. (amended by

3KG.3.O

c. 73. 39 G. 3

O)c. 40

II. And whereas it is expedient that the Power of granting Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors* ctlious Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, in Ireland\ should be vested in the Magistrates of the several Coun-111, 1*ties, whose especial Duty it is to attend to the Peace of the Country, and to the Morals and Sobriety of the

' 'n A'People; be it further enacted, That, at the General Sessions of the Peace, which shall be held yearly in

CAP. L.

An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, and for discouiaging the immoderate TJfe of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland.

[5th June 1805.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force in Ireland, for regulating the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of them, have been found insufficient, and it is expedient to

repeal the fame, and to ena£l one new Law, with such Provisions as may be necessary be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled, An Act for regulating the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors; and also several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 'Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth, and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty-first Year of j His present Majesty* Reign, for continuing and amending the said recited Act of the Thirty-seventh Year;

40G. 3 (l.)c*54* and also so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making further 4n o v Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majestfs Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and

I*) c 4.for preventing Frauds therein, as relates to the Manner of granting and issuing such Licences, shall, from andodfo n?uchof after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One theufaed eight hundred and five, cease and determine, and shall tt rcUtes^o the be and the same are hereby repealed and made null and void, except so far as may concern the prosecuting, Mannerofgrant- suing for, and recovering of any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, for any Offence against the said Act* «.£ Licences, or any of them, committed before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred repealed. and five.

M igistrates at Gen< r<d Sc in Ap il ih fix a Tunc and

Sfjn^ei-ch1 each County in Ireland in the Month of April, before any Civil Bills shall be proceeded upon, a Time and Barony, to order Place shall be appointed by the Court, at which Special Sessions of the Peace are to be held in each Barony Licences.or Half Barony of the County before the First Day of July following, for the Purpose of fixing upon Persons proper to be entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, within such Barony or Half Barony, and of ordering Licences to be issued accordingly, which the Justices ai{emb*ed at every such Special Sessions are hereby authorized and required to do.

III. And be it further enacted, That in cale such Special Sessions shall be omitted to be so appointed for all or any of the Baronies or Half Baronies in the County, or in case there shall not be a sufficient Attendance of Justices of the Day appointed for any such Special Sessions, or in case no Licence as r.foresaid shall be ordered-to be issued thereat for any Barony or Half Barony, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby required at the next succeeding General Sessions in July, to fix upon Persons proper to be entrusted with such Sale within each and every such Barony or Half Barony, and to order Licences to be issued accordingly in the same Manner as Justices might have done at a Special Sessions held within such Barony or Half Barony, under the Provisions of this Act; and every Act done at such General Sessions in July, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes, for the Execution of this Act, as if done at a Special Sessions held in such Barony or Half Barony.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in each County of a Town or City (Dublin, and the District of Five Miles beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of the Phanix Park only excepted) it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace thereof at the General Sessions either in April or July, or at botn in each Year, to fix upon proper Persons to be entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and pyder therein, and to order Licences to be issued accordingly, which the Justices assembled at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to do.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Licence as aforesaid shall be ordered or issued to any Person, tmless the Person applying for such Licence shall have delivered in Writing to the acting Clerk of the Peace his C.hriftian and Surname, and Place of Abode, specifying the House, Town or Townland, Parish, Barony

ihc Clerk of the or Half Barony, and if in the County of a Town or City, the Road, Street, Square, Lane, or other by Party Description of Place where such Person desires to be licensed to fell in, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons whom such Person requiring such Licence proposes as Sureties, not being Distillers or Publicans.

VI. Anti

If Special S'f-lions is not so nppomtedW field, Licences shall be 01 tiered at General Scf-£011* in July.

In Toand Cities (except Dublin) Licence* may be < r-<!er<"d at Sessions either in Api dor July, or both.

Particulars of

N.irncs, 6cc shall be clciiv creri to

to be licensed.

A.D. 188c>5* 45° GEORGII III. C. 50.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices at every such Special or General Sessions as aforesaid, shall, previous to ordering any Licence as aforesaid to be issued, inquire, and they are hereby authorized and directed to inquire in open Court, and upon Oath if they shall see Occasion, into the Character of each Person so applying for a Licence, whether such Person be of good Fame, sober Life, and orderly Conduct, and whether the House wherein such Person proposes to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, is conveniently situated for the Purpose, and capable of and convenient for the Sale of Victuals, and the Accommodation orf Travellers or Persons resorting thereunto for Food and Provisions, and they shall also inquire whether the Sureties proposed by each such Person are good and sufficient for the Sums they are to be bound in; and their Approbation of any such Person, and of the Sureties offered, and of the Place and House or Houses whereat such Person desires to be licensed shall be immediately entered in open Court in the Crown Book thereof, by the acting Clerk of the Peace, and be signed by at least Two Justices attending at such Sessions.

VII. And, in order more effectually to provide for proper Situations only being selected for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, and to guard against a greater Number of Houses being licensed than shall be compatible with the Morals and Sobriety of the People be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County or County of a Town or City to inquire into, and determine, at-each Spring Assizes, the Number of Houses which, confident with a due Attention to the Morals and Sobriety of the People, it may be expedient to allow to be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, for One Year, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing, within each Barony or Half Barony of such County, or within such County of a Town or City, specifying the Townland, Town, or Village, and the Number of publick Houses to be allowed in each Townland, or in each Town or Village, or within a District not lefa than a Mile around such Town or Village, or in each County, or the Parish or Parishes, and the Number of publick Houses to be allowed in each if in a County of a Town or City; and they shall cause such their Determination to be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace, who shall produce and read the same aloud in open Court at the General or Special Seflicms, as the Case may be, before any Order shall be made thereat for issuing any Licence; and no Order shall be made for the issuing of any Licence, nor shall any Licence if issued be valid for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, in any Place not specified for the Purpose, in fucirDetcrmination, or m greater Number than shall be therein specifred; if such Determination shall have been so made: Provided always, that if no such Determination mall be made by the Grand Jury, it shall be lawful for the Justices at any such Sessions as aforesaid to order such Number of Licences to be issued, and for such Places as in their Discretion they shall think expedient, and compatible with the Morals and Sobriety of the Inhabitants.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Special or General Sessions as aforesaid, no Order shall be given for issuing Licences in Manner herein prescribed, or in case no Order shall be given thereat for issuing Licences in any particular Barony or Half Barony, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace to issue Licences for One Year, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September in that Year, for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, to the same Persons, and at and for the same Houses or Places as shall have been licensed in the Year ending on such Twenty-ninth Day of September, provided such Persons respectively, together with their Sureties, or such other Sureties as shall be approved of by Two Magistrates, shall enter into a Bond in the Amount, and conditioned as is enacted respecting the Bond herein mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace also to issue a like Licence to any Person or Persons whom any Two Magistrates of the County, residing within Five Miles of the Habitation of such Persons, shall certify under their Hands and Seals to be a proper Person for being entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, and on Security to the Amount, and conditioned in like Manner, and approved of in such Certificate, being first entered into and delivered to him: Provided always, that every such Licence be conformable to the Determination of the Grand Jury if any such shall have been duly made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon any Order made by the Justices of the Peace pursuant to this Act for issuing a Licence, if the Person applying, and the Sureties approved of for such Person, shall attend in Court, their Security may be immediately taken, that of the Person applying in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and that of the Sureties each in Twenty-five Pounds in a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Condition of every which Bond shall be, that the Person to be licensed shall keep a Victualling Hotlfe, Inn, or Tavern, during the Time such Licence shall be in force, and shall be constantly provided with strong Beer, Ale, or Porter, and Victuals of good and found Quality for Sale by Retail, and shall supply all Travellers who shall require it with such Victuals, and Beer, Ale, and Porter, at reasonable Rates, and shall not sell Spirituous Liquors to be consumed in his or her House or Prenwfes on or during a Sunday, nor Wine, Ale, Beer, Porter or Cyder, on a Sunday before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, except to Travellers, nor Before Sunrife any Morning, nor after an unreasonable Hour any Evening, nor to any Tradesman, Artificer, or Labourer refoiting to lus or her House for the Purpose of receiving Wages, or of entering into any Combination, and shall not knowingly or wilfully entertain any Persons assembling for the Purpose of entering into an unlawful Association or Combination therein, or Persons in Arms who are not by Law qualified to carry the fame; and that such Person so to be licensed respectively shall not at any Time receive into his or her House, or permit or suffer to be sold therein or thereout any Spirituous Liquors which shall net, to the bed of his or her Knowledge and Belief, have fully paid His Majesty's Duties, and which shall not have been duly and legally attended with proper Permits to such Person from the Distillery or Stores of a licensed; Distiller or Factor.

J X. Provided

419

Justicet shall enquire into the Character and Sufficiency of the Party, and of the House and Sureties, and their Acrobat ion shall he entered in the Crown Book*

Grand Juries at Spring Affixes shall determine the Number of Houses to be licensed in each Barony.

If no Delernri-nation by Grand Jury, Justices n»ay order Licences at their Dilcietion.

If Licences nof ordered at Special or Gcner- Sessions, they may be granted by Clerk, of the Peace, under certain Uc-Itrictiou*.

Conditions of Bonds to be entered into by Parties licensed, and their Sureties if ready, in open Court.

440

C. 56.

4$° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1865.

Di ft iUm or Publicans flull not be Sureties.

Clerk of the peace may issue Licence on Sumps.

Form of Licence.

Fees. '

Per fans refused may appeal.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no DistiDer or Publican shall be allowed to become Surety, or shall be accepted as such in any Bond to be taken on the ifilling or granting any such Licence as aforesaid $ and if any Publican or Distiller shall become Surety, or enter into any such Bond as Surety, the Licence granted in consequence thereof shall be void and of none Effect.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case such Security shall not be entered into in open Court, the Came may , be entered into before any Magi ft rate at any Time before the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the ordering of any Licence, and upon such Security, whether entered into in open Court, or before a Magistrate, being delivered to the ailing Clerk of the Peace, he shall file the fame, and preserve it among the Records of the County, and it shall thereupon be lawful for such Clerk of the Peace, and he is hereby required, to give or cause to be given to the Person in whose Behalf such Security shall have been entered into, immediately on Demand, a Licence in the Form following; that is to say:

1 A.B. of is hereby licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by

Retail, at in the Parish [or, if the Place is extrotarochial, the Township] of«until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and

Which Licence shall be of force for One Year from the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the said Year until the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year next ensuing; and every such Licence shall be on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with such Stamp or Stamps as is or shall be required by Law for the fame, for the issuing whereof, and filling up the fame, and also for filling up such Bond as aforesaid, if he be required so to do, every such Clerk of the Peace shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency as a Fee, together with the Amount of the Stamp Duties on such Bond, if he shall have paid for and supplied the same before he shall sign or deliver such Licence 5 and if such Clerk of the Peace shall have paid for and supplied the damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper for such Licence, at the Desire of the Person applying for a Licence, he shall be entitled to demand and receive the Amount of the Stamp Duty thereon, and also the further Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence like Currency for his Expence in procuring the lame, if such Stamp Duty shall not exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency, and of Five Shillings if such Stamp Duty shall exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency.

XII. And be it further enacted, That 4if any Person shall apply in Manntr herein-before directed for any Order for issuing a Licence as aforesaid, and the Justices assembled at the Sessions shall refuse to grant such Order, or if the Clerk of the Peace, in Cases where no such Order is requisite, shall refuse to issue a Licence to any Person entitled under the Provisions of this A A to receive the same, and the Person so applying shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such Refusal, it shall and may be lawful for every such Person to appeal to the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in such City, Town, or County in Ireland 5 and in case the Justices at such Sessions shall think such Person proper and Qualified to be licensed, and shall approve of the Sureties to be named by such Person, it shall be lawful for them to order a Licence to be issued forthwith, under the like Securities, Terms, and Regulations respectively, as are herein-before directed.

XIII. And for the better and more convenient Supply of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper for

such Licences, be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Stamp Duties in

Ireland shall cause a Distributor or other proper Person to attend at every Special or General Sessions whereat such Licences may be ordered, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or at such other convenient Place or Places, and at such Time or Times as the Justices attending at such General or Special Sessions shall appoint, in Writing by Notice to the said Commissioners, or on Failure of such Notice, at such convenient Places in each County as the said Commissioners shall judge proper, with a sufficient Quantity of Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, duly stamped, for the Purpose of being delivered to any Person who shall require the fame, upon Payment of the Stamp Duty thereon, and of Two Shillings and Sixpence Britfb Currency for the Trouble of each Distributor or other Person attending therewith, if the Stamp Duty thereon does not exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency, and of Five Shillings like Currency, if such Stamp Duty shall exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so licensed shall be desirous to sell Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, in any Hut, Tent, or Booth, or in any Street, Road, or open Place, at any

Fair, and shall apply for Licence to do so to any Magistrate of the County or County of a Town or City,

f See 45 G. 3. resident within Five Miles of such Fair, it shall be lawful for such Magistrate to endorse upon his Licence f.ji.Sched.B.] a Liberty so to do, with the Consent of the Proprietor of the Tolls of such Fair, specitying the Day or Days of the Fair which such Person shall be permitted to fell at, on such Persons paying to the Collector of Collectors shall Excise of the District wherein such Fair shall be held, such Duty as, shall be payable therefore for each Fair fhcieof^tThe* at which Person shall be authorized by any such End6rfement to fell as aforesaid, and upon such

Stamp Office and Collector certifying such Payment upon the Foot or Back of such Licence; and every Collector certifying to the Clerk of such Payment shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, an the Peace. Account thereof act the End of each Month, and shall fend a similar Account to the Clerk of the Peace. Licences tofell

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of His Majesty's Militia or Regular Forces commanding Beer 01 Spirit* at any Encampment of Troops shall recommend any Person to be liccufed for the Sale of either Spirituous

Encampments Liauors, Wine, Ale, Beer, or Cyder, or all or any of them, it shall be lawful for any Two Magistrate*

Month-011 to t^ie'r Jurisdiction to give an Order for the issuing a Licence to such Person so recommended to fell such

Articles as aforesaid, specified in such Recommendation at such Encampment, for One Month, and to order the same to be renewed from Month to Month during the Continuance of such Encampment, and no longer.

For Supply of Stamps for Licences, Difftriburoi s shall attend at Sessions.

may

Licence be made applicable to felling Liquors at Fairs.

r

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 50.

441

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence, or Renewal thereof, shall be issued by a Distributor of Stamps, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with a Stamp of the Amount of the Duty payable thereon, for supplying which he shall be entitled to demand and receive a Fee of One Shilling British Currency, and that a Certificate of every such Licence, and of every Renewal thereof, shall be delivered by such Distributor to the acting Clerk of the Peace within One Month after the same shall have been issued, and shall be by him entered along with the Licences issued by him.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Licence so issued on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of an Encampment, shall be of force after such Officer or any other Commanding Officer thereat shall revoke the fame, and give Notice ip Writing of such Revocation to either of the Two Justices who figued the Order for licensing, or to the Stamp Distributor who shall have issued the Licence.

XVIII. And be it further ciTafted, That every Person licensed under the Provisions of this Act shall affix or cause to be affixed on some conspicuous Place on the Outside of his House, not more than Three Feet distant from the Top of the front Door thereof, and also on the Outside of the Place at any Fair where such Person shall be allowed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, his or her Name at full Length painted on a Board in white Letters One Inch long at the least, upon a black Ground, or in black Letters of like Length upon a white Ground, and the Words " Licensed to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, " hi Letters of like Size and Colour, and shall preserve and keep up the same during the Time such Person shall continue to fell therein Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, or in Default thereof shall forfeit a Sum equal to the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid or chargeable upon his or her Licence so to sell Spirituous or atner Liquors.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller, Bailiff, Gaoler, Turnkey, Constable, Sheriff, Sub-Sheriff, Sheriff's Officer, Peace Officer, Keeper of any Turnpike Gate, Commissioned or Non-commissioned Yeoman Officer, Officer of Custom3 or Excise, nor any Person exercising by himself, or any Person for his Use or Benefit, the Trade or Business of a Grocer, or who shall be licensed as a Grocer, or in whose House or in any Building occupied by him or her, or any House or Building adjoining thereto, and which shall communicate with such House or Building, the Trade or Business of a Grocer shall be carried on, or who shall not be a Victualler, Inn-keeper, or Tavern-keeper, shall be capable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, nor any Person who shall not previously subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, and likewise take and subscribe an Oath that he is not, nor has not been, since the Sixth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, a United Irishtnanf nor acted as such, nor is a Member of or connected with or belonging to any Society or Meeting formed or appointed for any treasonable, feditiQus, or unlawful Purpose, and that he or she will not permit or suffer to be sold in any House, Building, Outhouse, Tent, Field, or other Place, for his or her Account or Profit during the Continuance of the Licence, any Spirituous Liquors which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her, and which shall not, to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, have paid the full Duties due thereon to His Majesty 5 and every Licence which shall be issued to any Person declared by this Act not to be capable of receiving the fame, or to any Person or Persons in Trust, or to the Use or Benefit of suchr Person or Persons so declared incapable, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person whose Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed a Victualler, Inn-keeper, or Tavern-keeper, within the Meaning of this Act, who shall not furniffi or fell Victuals to be consumed in the House of such Person.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence as aforesaid shall be granted to any Person who shall not be charged with and pay Duty for Two Fire Hearths at the least, nor unless the House of such Person shall be charged and pay Tax in respect of some Windows or Lights therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to subject any Apothecary or Druggist to any Penalty for felling Cordial or Medicinal Waters, in the Way of his Business as an Apothecary or Druggist, or to oblige him to have a Licence for so doing.

XXni. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder in Ireland, shall assign the House or Place in which such Person shall have been licensed to Jell such Liquors to any Person, or shall die, the Assignee of such Person assigning his Interest, or the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or his or their Assignee who shall become possessed of such House, or Place, may lawfully sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder therein, until the l^xpiration of the Term for which the Licence shall nave been granted, provided such Executors or Administrators, or such Assignee, shall have obtained the Certificate of the Two next resident Justices of the Peace, or »ny Two Justices resident within Five Miles thereof, that he, she, or they is or are a proper Person or Persons to be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, and shall, together with Two sufficient Sureties approved of by such Justices, have executed such Bond as is herein before required on granting a Licence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence shall be granted by any Clerk of the Peace in Ireland to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, on any Order fraudulently obtained from or made by any Justices, not pursuant to the Directions of this Act, every such Licence shall be ypuL and the Person such Licence shall have, been granted shall be deemed a

Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Bee % Ale, ot Cyder, without Licence, and shall be subject to the same 45 Geo. III. 3 L % ^Penalties

S»amp Distributors (bail grant such Licences on Stamps.

[See 45 G. 3. c. 51. Schedule

(A.)l*

Camp Licences may be revoked on Notice by Commanding Officer.

Licensed Person* shall have or keep Boards with their Names, on Penalty eqml to Stamp Duty on Licences.

Certain Pferibns declared incapable of receiving Licences.

Who shall be deemed Vi<$ nailers.

No Licence to Houses not paying Health or Window Duty. Alt stall not extend to Apothecaries. Assignee* may continue Retailers till Expiration of L'cence, pio-vid.cd they obtain Certiff-cates and execute Bonds.

Licences

granted on Certificate* fraudulently obtained ftnTl be void, and such Prtfons

44-2

liable to £cfi«<lriej.

Licence* void if Spuiis (old in Placet not therein

described, and Person> liable to Penalties.

In Dublin the Place may he Changed by Lave of Super-l*'tcndant Mrigistrate.

Who shall be

deemed

KetaUen.

Penalty on Clerk, of the Peace entering Order, or issuing L'cence* unduly 500l.

Clerks of Peace ftull iranfreit Lilts of Persons licensed to Excite and Sraiup Offices when icquired. Penally aok 6c c.

Cletk* of iWe shall keep and produce Bonds cf licensed Persons.

Penalty on Clerk of the Peace taking undue Fees tool, and lntfopaciry.

Clock of the Peace for Non-attendance or Neglect, may be fined by Justices zol.

Clerks o* the JHtiuc way appoint

Deputies.

C. 50. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 180

Penalties as Persons feffing such Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, without Licence, are by this Act subject to.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cycle/ by Retail in Ireland, shall fell by Retail any such Liquors in any other Place than such Houses or Places thereunto belonging wherein such Person inhabited and dwelled at the Time of the issuing of facti Licence, and which shall be described therein, such Licence shall be of no Effect to protect such Person from any Penalties he or she may be liable to on Account thereof; but such Persons shall be liable to the same Penalties on Account of such Sale as Persons selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder by Retail, without Licence, are by this Act subject to.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Superintendant Magistrate of Dublin, on Application to him made for that Purpose by any Person, being licensed as herein after mentioned within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, to allow such Person to fell such Liquors by h' etail in any House or Place within the said District, other than the House or Place described in such Licence, for the Remainder of the Year for which such Licence shall be granted, which laid last mentioned Place shall be indorsed on the Back of such Licence, and signed by the Hand of such Superintendant Magi (Irate.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall fell, by himself or herself, or by any Person emplo\ ed by him or her, or acting for his or her Benefit, either within his or her House, Out-house, or Building, Hut, Tent, or other Place whatever, or to be consumed elsewhere. Spirituous Liquors in less Quantity at one Time than Four Gallons, mixed or unmixed with Water, Sugar, or other Ingredients, or Beer. Ale, or Cyder, in less Quantity than a Quarter of a Barrel, or Wine in less Quantity than One Gallon, (Sellers of bottled Beer, Ale, Porter, or Cyder excepted, who shall fend the same abroad, and not fell any to be consumed in their own Houses), shall be deemed to be Retailers, and to fell the same by Retail within the Meaning of this Act, and if not duly licensed shall be subject to all and Angular the Penalties and Disabilities enacted again it Persons felling the same without Licence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall enter in the Crown Book any Order contrary to or inconsistent with the Order of the Justices, or any Provisions in this Act contained, or shall issue any Licence for a greater Number of Persons in any Townland, Town, or Village, or within a. District not less than One Mile round any Town or Village, or in any Parish within the County, County of a Town or City, other than shall be contained in the Determination of the Grand Jury, if such Determination shall have been duly made, or shall issue any Licence not authorized by the Provisions of this Act, he (half for every Order so entered, or Licence so issued, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and every such Order and Licence shall and is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of the Peace in Ireland, so often as they shall be thereunto required by Notice signed by any CommilEoner of Excise, or by any Commissioner for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall transmit to the Excise and Stamp Offices in DuHtn respectively, a true and accurate Lift of all Licences issued by them respectively, and the Dates of such Licences, the Names of the Persons licensed and their Sureties, and the Places where they shall be licensed to fell, and the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid on such Licences respectively 5 and also Copies or Extracts of all Bonds entered into with respect to any Licence issued, and the Amount of Stamp Duty paid ^on such Bonds respectively; and of all Licences certified to him in respect to Fairs by any Collector, and by Justices of the Peace in respect of Encampments; and if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or omit to return such Lift within Ten Days after such Notice as aforesaid, he shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, British Currency, and a further Sum of One Pound a Day, like Currency, until he shall transmit such Lift respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace shall keep all Bonds entered into by any Persons licensed under this Act, and by their Sureties, among the Records of the County, and shall, upon Demand made to him by any Justice of the Peace, or by any Officer of the Commissionerv of Excise, dr Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, produce any Bond so demanded for his Irvfpedtion.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall demand, take, or receive, directly or indirectly, by himself, or any other Person employed by him or acting on his Behalf, any greater Fee or Fees for doing nis Duty under this Act than are allowed unto him by this Act, or shall refuse to fill up sny Bond or any Licence which he is required to fill for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, he shall forfeit the Siim of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the fame, and shall upon Conviction. thereof be and is hereby declared incapable of ever acting as Clerk of the Peace.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall neglect to attend at any Sessions of the Peace, General or Special, at which any Act is to be done towards carrying any Part of tins Act into Execution, unless prevented by Sickness or sudden Accident, sufficient in the Opinion of the Court to

his Ahience, and verified by Oath, or shall neglect to provide a proper and sufficient Person, in case of Inch his necessary Absence therefrom, to adk there for him, and for whom he shall be atifwerable, it shall be lawriil /or the Justices, or for any Justice attending, if there shall be only one, to fine such Clerk of the Peace for every such Neglect or Ominion, sa the Sum of Twenty Pounds Brihjb Currency, which Fine shall be immediately e(treated into the Court of Exchequer ip Ireland.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Clerk of the Peace to appoint One or more sufficient Deputy or Deputies to act for him in the Execution of this Act, each resident within the County of which he shall be Clerk of the Peace, and for whom such Clerk of the Peace shall be answerable, and the act of each and every such Deputy or Deputies (half be deemed the Act of the Clerk of the Peace

by

A.D. 180j. 4j° GEORGII III.

C. so. 443

by* whom he or they is or are appointed, and (h$dl subject such Clerk of the Peace to all Penalties and Disabilitietf for any Acts, Matters, or Things done, or neglected to be done by any of them, as if such Ad had been done, or neglected to be done by such Clerk of the Peace $ and every such Deputy shall be deemed the acting Clerk of the Peace in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Clerk of the Peace, or acting Clerk of the Peace, j, Absence of shall at any Time neglecto attend in the Execution of his Duty under this Act at any Sessions, General a^ing Clerk of or Special, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of the County, then there present, to do all such the Pence the Act and Acts as are by this Act required to be done by such Clerk of the Peace, at such Sessions, General Treasurer of c*le or Special, and to take such Fees for the same as such Clerk of the Peace is. by this Act authorized and °umy may a empowered to take.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment shall be made by any Grand Jury, or fiated by Affidavit of any Judge of Assize for any Money to be paid to any Clerk of the Peace for any Purpose whatsoever, either Clerk of ihc for Salary, Fees, or otherwise, unless such Clerk of the Peace shall lay before the Grand Jury an Affidavit Freer that Ire h«* made by him, that he has not taken or received since the passing of this Act any greater or other Fee or Fees undu^Fcei shall for any Thing done by him in the Execution thereof than what are allowed to him expressly by the fame, be made, before every which Affidavit shall be laid before the Judge of Assize, and read in open Costrt, before the Judge shall Presentment fiat the Presentment, and it shall then be delivered to the Clerk of the Crown, to be kept among the Records for him.

of the Couoty.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wise, Beer, Ale, Penalties on or Cyder by Retail, unless such Person shall be licensed so to do in Manner herein directed; and if any Person* foiling Person shall fell any such Liquors by Retail, without having obtained such Licence as directed by this Act, L^cenceT'^inii or having obtained such Licence the same shall have become void, every such Person being duly convicted DuMfo*ic.*thereof before any One Magistrate for the First Offence, and before any Two Magift rates for the Second or ift offence 30L any ftibsequent Offence, either by his or her Confession, or the Oath of any One credible Witness, shall for ad Offence, 40l. the first Offence, if committed within the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road, or within the District Elfowhere,

of the Metropolis of Dublin, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road and the Wall of His Majesty's Park* 30L

the Phamx, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom, or within the Cities of Cork, Waterford^ ox Limerick,3

or within the rest of the Counties of the said Cities, forfeit the Sum of Thirty Pounds, British Currency,

and for the Second and every further Offence Forty Pounds British Currency; and if such Offence shall be committed in any other Place in Ireland, every such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty Pounds British Currency, and for the Second and for every further Offence Thirty Pounds British

Currency 5 and in Default of Payment of the said Forfeitures or Penalties respectively, for the First Offence

the Person offending shall be committed to Gaol for a Space not exceeding Four Calendar Months, nor less than Two Calendar Months, and in Default of Payment of the said Forfeitures or Penalties respectively, for the Second or any further Offence shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Si*

Calendar Months: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to Sellers of bottled saving for Sellers'

Beer, Ale, Porter, or Cyder, who shall fend the same Abroad, and not fell any to be consumed in their of bottled Ale. own Houses.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of a Second Offence against person*r»ce this Act, such Person shall be incapable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, conviaed fli.01 or Cyder, by Retail, and that every Licence for that Purpose granted or to be granted to any such Person shall be incapable be void; and any such Person afterwards felling any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by ^"fliainre*' Retail, in Ireland, shall be subject to the same Penalties as Persons selling Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, jub|e to

by Retail, without Licence, are subject to Penalties.

XXXVIII. And be it Further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate, High or Chief Constable, M-giffrate may

Peace Officer, or Officer of Excise or Stamps, to enter in the Day-time into any House, Shop, Store Room, enter any Place, or other Building, or Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, or Stall, whereon or before which shall be affixed any c^fLicence Board importing that Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder are fold therein, and to demand a to , con e*

View of the Licence for such Sale; and if no sufficient Licence shall be produced on such Demand, the

Occupier of such Shop, Store Room, House, or other Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, or Stall, shall be deemed an unljcensed Retailer, and forfeit accordingly as such, unless he or she shall, within Twenty-four Hours after a Magistrate shall make such Demand, or within Twenty-four Hours after Complaint shall be made to any Magistrate of the Refusal to produce such sufficient Licence, produce the same to the Magistrate who shall have made such Demand, or shall summon him or her on such Complaint,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, Chief Magistrate or or High Constable, or Officer of the Revenue of Customs or Excise or Stamps, to search for and make Revenue Officera Seizure of any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, which he shall find in any House or other may fltc Building, or any Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, or Stall, whereon or before which such Board shall be affixed;

and if the Occupier of the same shall fail to produce a Licence in force, authorizing him or her to fell publick Miering,

Spirituous Liquors, all Spirituous or other Liquors therein, and also all Spirituous or other Liquors which except licensed

shall be in any House belonging to or occupied by any Person who shall have been a Second Time convicted Houses.

of selling Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence, and also all Spirituous or other Liquors exposed to

Sale at any Fair, Patron Market, Hurling Match, Horse Race, or any Place of publick Meeting, except in

Houses licensed for that Purpose, and except where a Special Licence shall be given in respect to any Sale

thereof at any Fair or Encampment as is herein provided, together with all Vessels containing the fame, and

aH Vessels used for measuring and drinking the fame, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and every Person

foiling or exposing to Sale any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, at any such Fair, Patron

3 L 2 Market,

444 C*5o*

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

M-fiftratet may destroy Spirits hawked or sold by Persons not Iitenfed.

Magistrates rtny summon Person* charged with Offence# againA this Act.

Market, Horse Race, Hurling Match, or other Place of publick Meeting, except in Houses or Places licensed for that Purpose, shall, upon View of any Magistrate, or upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate, be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as a Person selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Magistrate, Justice of the Peace, or other Peace Officer, or any Officer of the Revenue of Customs or Excise or Stamps, in Ireland, to seize and take away, or to destroy or cause to be seized, taken away, and destroyed, all such Spirituous Liquors which shall be hawked about or expo fed to Sale in any Street, Pathway, Road, Field, or in any Booth, Tent, Stall, Shed, or Bulk, or by any Person not licensed to fell the same in such Place, and the Vessels containing the fame, and all Vessels and Utensils used for measuring or drinking the same found therewith; and it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the City or Place in Ireland wherein such Offence shall be committed, in his or their own View, or on Confession of the Party, or by Proof of such Offence by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict any rerson so offending, and to order him, her, or them to be put in the Stocks for the Space of One Hour; and the Justice or Justices by whom such Person shall have been so convicted, shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there to remain for any Time' not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Day of such Commitment.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, to summon any Person charged with having fold Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, without Licence, or charged with any other Offence against this Act, to appear before him, and if the Charge be for felling of any such Liquors without Licence, to require, by the Summons to be issued, the Person summoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a Licence for selling Spirituous Liquors; and in case such Person shall not appear, upon Proof made of the Service of such Summons, or if such Person shall appear, and shall not produce a Licence authorizing him or her to fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, then such Justice or Magistrate shall examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath as shall appear before him, which Oath such Justice or Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and if Proof shall be made before such Justice or Magistrate, or if it shall appear by the Confession of the Party, that such Person did fell any of such Liquors by Retail within Six Months previous to the issuing of such Summons, then such Justice or Magistrate shall fonvift the Person charged with having fold such Liquors without Licence, of such Offence; and every Conviction shall be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, according to the Nature of the Case; that is to fav;

County of 1*A. B is convicted on his or her own Confession [V, on the Oath of ]

t 4 of having fold Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, as the Case may be, in the Parish [Townland, or Town, as the Case may be] of in this County, on the Day of without being duly licensed thereto. Given under my Hand

and Seal, this Day of

Magirtraicf And such Magistrate or Justice shall thereupon issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy' such Fine thereupon issue or penalty as the Person so convicted shall be subject to in respect of the Offence of which lie or (he was so convicted, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person, and to commit the body of such Offender to Gaol in such Cases as by this Act the Offender may be so committed; and the Informer or Prosecutor shall be deemed a competent Witness to prove the Offence.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, to summon any Person to appear before him to give Evidence of the felling of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by any Person not having a Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors; and if any sing to give Person who shall be summoned as a Witness for the Purpose aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear to such Evidence, Dull Summons, or appearing shall refuse to give his or her Testimony, every such Person shall, for every inch Neglect or Reftifal, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Person shall dwell; and in case of Non-payment thereof, such Justice or Magistrate shall issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to levy such Sum, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person; and for Want of Effects sufficient to answer such Sum, shall issue a like Warrant to commit to the House of Correction or County Gaol the Person so offending, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of One Calendar Month.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Determination of any Tuch Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for h: ch Person to appeal to the next Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, for the County, City, or Town in Ireland where such Person was convicted, and not afterwards; and the Determination of the Justices at such Sessions shall be final and conclusive, and no Certiorari shall be allowed for the Removal thereof: Provided always* that no such Judgement or Conviction shall be reversed for any Informality, imperfection, or Defcft in Form.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act as an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, no Appeal to be brought by any such Person shall (lay or prevent the Execution of any Warrant or Process for the Seizure of any Goods or Chattels of, or of Committal of such Person, unless such Person shall, with Two sufficient Sureties, have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Fine so incurred, conditioned to pay the Fine imposed on such Person in case the Judgement or Conviction for the time shall be affirmed, with all Costs attending such Appeal, which Bend shall be entered into before the Clerk of the Peace, before such Appeal shall be lodged or received.

Form of

-Conviction.

Waiianr*,

Magistrate# may summon Wit-nefTc$, who not appearing, or rtfufii Evide forfeit 10).

Appeal to

Sessioni.

Appeal of Unlicensed I\ rfuii thall net flay Execution, u tleu on Bond

to pjy the

I»ny, &c.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 50. 445

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace in Ireland shall certify to the Clerk of Justice* shall the Peace, by fending the Record of the Conviction, that Proof has been made before him, that any Condition certify to Clerks in any of the Bonds herein-before required to be entered into by any Person licensed to sell spirituous Liquors, °^hlk*ca?. Wine, Ale, Beer, and Cyder, has been violated, specifying such Condition and the Violation thereof, such of Bonds arc Clerk of the Peace shall thereupon transmit such Certificate, together with a Copy of the Conviction, and the violated, &c. Bond of the Person offending, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp duties in Ireland 5 and the said Commissioners shall forthwith put or cause such Bond to be put in Suit*

XLVI. And, for preventing drinking at unseasonable Hours, and the harbouring of suspected Persona in Magistrates or Houses where Spirituous Liquors shall be sold 5 be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate, Constablts may Chief Or High Constable, to enter any such Hottfe, and to remove all Persons drinking therein between the after

Hours of Twelve at Night and Sunrife in the Morning, on any Day of the Week, or drinking therein at any certain"Hour/

Hour whatever on Sunday; and if any Person selling Spirituous or other Liquors by RetaS, shall not, on penalty oa> Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise, so as to be heard within, admit such Magistrate, Chief or persons High Constable, into such House, or after Admittance shall obstruct any of them in removing Persons drinking obA.udting therein, such Person, upon Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate, upon Oath, or upon View Magistrate*, thereof by such Magistrate, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds British Currency, to be paid to the Informer or Prosecutor; and in Default of Payment thereof, the Person so offending shall be committed to Gaol until such Fine shall be paid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person licensed Magift rates foair for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, shall have been a Second Time con- cemiy Pci fens rifted of entertaining Persons in his or her House, not being Inmates of such House, at uoreasonable tw,c cvnv^f Hours, shall certify under his Hand and Seal to the Commissionen. for managing the Stamp Duties in ump*Ireland, that such Person has so been a Second Time con rifted, and upon Receipt of such Certificate, the said Commissioners shall cause the Bond entered into by such Person so licensed to be put in Suit; and such Certificate shall, if produced on any Trial relative to such Bond, be conclusive Evidence of the Breach of the Condition of such Bond.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall have any Remedy for, or recover any Sum of Money so* Money on Account of, any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, fold knowingly to an- unlicensed. Liquors sold to-Retailer of Spirituous or other Liquors in Ireland, nor shall any such unlicensed Retailer have any Remedy for or recover from any Person any Sum of Money on Account of any Spirituous or other Liquors sold by be recoverable^" such unlicensed Retailer 5 and all Promissory Notes, Bonds, or other Writings given as a Security for the Payment of Debts contrafted for any such Spirituous or other Liquors so sold to an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, or so sold by an unlicensed Retailer, are hereby declared to be null and void.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures under this Act, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Recoverynd Pounds, touching which no special Provision is hereby enacted, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill* Application Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland\ by any Person who will sue for the fame, in which

no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Monies, recovered thereby shall be applied as to One Half thereof, after deducting all the Expences of prosecuting and recovering the fame, to the Use of the Person suing for the fame, and as to the other Half thereof, to the Use of the Infirmary of the County, or County of a Town, or City, wherein such Forfeiture shall have been incurred; and if in the District of the Metropolis, to the Use of the Governor of the Hospital and Free School of King Charles the Second in Dublin, commonly called The Blue Boys Hospital.

L. And be it farther enacted, That all Fines imposed by virtue of this Act, for any Neglect of Duty in Recovery and any Officer, shall be estreated into His Majesty's Exchequer by the Justices or Justice imposing the same j and Application of that all Convictions for any Offence against this Act, respecting which no special Provision is enacted, shall becnalu«s.

made in a summary Way before any One Justice of the Peace, upon Confession of the Party, or Proof upon the Oath of any One credible Witness; and that the Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture under such Conviction, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender, or if not paid, the Offender shall be committed to Gaol by such Justice, for any Time not exceeding the Rate of One Month for every Five Pounds of the Sum which such Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture may amount to; and that all Sums which shall be levied or paid on Account of any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures under this Act, not particularly applied by this Act.

{except such as shall be estreated into His Majesty's Exchequer) shall be applied, after deducting all Expences or levying the fame, as to One Half thereof to the Informer, and as to the other Half, to the Poor of the Parish wherein the Conriftion shall be made.

LI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be adjudged against s'"^ iany Person in pursuance of this Act, for selling Spirituous Liquors without Licence, the same shall not be LuSence^JijUiiirf abated or mitigated. be stated.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace for any County in Ireland\ adjoining to or Justices of within which any County of a City is situated, shall be empowered, and they are hereby authorized and enabled Coumi* may to act in such County of a City save and except the City and County of the City of Dublin) as fully to all convitfOffenderr Intents and Purposes, as if they were Magistrates within such County of a City, so far only as shall relate ^Dublin } to cpnvifting and levying the Penalties inflicted by this Act on all Persons who shall sell Spirituous or other 'cxccp u , a*' Liquors without Licence in Ireland\ contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Magistrate or his Clerk, Penalty on or other Person acting under him, for any Thing done or ordered by them in the Execution of: this present Magistratej or Act, other than what is herein particularly authorized, under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five Pounds ot!'?r p'rfor/* British Currency, to be recovered by Civil Bill by any Pesfon suing for the fame. u 5

6 LIV. And

Pcnilcie* on Magistrate* nrglcding to

Perform the rovisions of the Act, 50L

Penalty on Person buying a Jef* Quantity of Spirit* than Four Gallon*, or of Beer Icf* than one Quarter of a Bant I in Houses, not having a pa nted Board, z I ice.

Penalty on Distillers Celling Spirits to unli-rented Retailers,

Dili Hlers shall not recover from unlicensed Retailers, lie.

So Money shall be recovered for Spirit* unlcf* the Debt incurred amount to 201. contracted at one Time, ice.

No Pawn* shall he received for Liquor;

Penalty 40*. Sec.

Penalty on V4 rfont agreeing to pay Workmen partly In Money and partly in Spirit*, 40s*

Giving Credit for such Spirit*, 5b

Penalty on Person* paying Workmen at publ: k Houics, IOl.

MagiUntes may annul Licence*.

C*

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland, who shall negk& or refuse in any Instance to carry this Actfc into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action to be applied as to One Half thereof to the Use of the Person suing for the fame, and the other Half to be paid to the Minister, Rector, or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall buy or obtain for any Confederation given or to be given, any Spirituous Liquors in less Quantity than Four Gallons in any House in Ireland, not having affixed thereon such Board so pahited, and in such Manner as is prescribed by this Act, or if any Person shall buy or obtain for any Consideration given or to be given, any Beer or Ale in less Quantity-than One Quarter of a Barrel, in any House not having affixed thereon such Board so painted, and in such Manner, unless such House be the House of a Seller of Bottled Beer, Ale, or Porter, who shall fend the same abroad, and shall not fell any to be consumed in his or her Houft; every such Person shall for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or by his own Confession, or on the View of such Magistrate, forfeit the Sum of Two Pounds British Currency; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, shall be committed to Gaol, there to remain for One Calendar Month or until the said Penalty shall be paid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, or other Dealer in Spirits in Ireland\ shall knowingly fell any Spirits to an unlicensed Retailer, or to any Person for the Use of an unlicensed Retailer, such Distiller or Dealer in Spirits shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency.

10L.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or wholesale Dealer in Spirits, or any other Person shall be entitled to maintain any Cause, Action, or Suit for, or to recover, either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or Demand for or on Account of any Spirits sold to any Person selling Spirits by Retail without Licence in Ireland; and in case such Distiller or wholesale Dealer in Spirits, or other Person, shall fell any Spirits to such unlipenfed Retailer, knowing him to be such, such unlicensed Retailer may recover back all stich Money as he shall have paid for any Inch Spirits so sold by Civil Bill or otherwise from such Distiller or wholesale Dealer.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled unto or shall maintain any Cause, Action, or Suit for, or recover either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or Demand, for or on Account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in*Ireland, unless such Debt shall have been really and bond jide contracted at one Time to the Amount of Twenty Shillings British Currency at the least, nor where any Part of the Liquors fold or delivered shall have been returned, or agreed to be returned directly or indirectly, aor shall any particular Article or Item in any Account or Demand for Spirituous Liquors so fold be allowed or maintained, where the full Value of the Liquors delivered at One Time and mentioned in such Article or Item shall not be Twenty Shillings British Currency at the least, and that without Fraud or Covin: And in case any Person shall take or receive any Pawn or Pledge from any Person by way of Security for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money owing by such Penon for Spirituous Liquors, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency for every Pawn or Pledge so taken in or received by him or them; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Pawn or Pledge shall Wong shall have the feme Remedy for recovering such Pawn or Pledge, or the Value thereof, as if it had not been given as a Pledge.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall agree to pay or shall pay any Journeyman, Workman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person, employed by or working under him or lier, or under nis or her Direction, so much Money for Wages and such a Quantity of Spirituous Liquors in lieu of the Wages, or any Part thereof, which shall be ordinarily and usually paid for the Work which such Journeyman, Servant, Labourer, or other Person shall be employed in, or shall agree to pay or shall pay such Wages partly in Money and partly in or by Spirituous Liquors, or shall set off, (top, or deduct all or any Part of the Wages or Hire due to any Journeyman, Workman, Servant, or Labourer for any Spirituous Liquors delivered or sold to or drank by him, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings British Currency 5 and every Person

O, or procuring Credit to be given for Spirituous Liquors fold or drank as aforesaid, shall forfeit Five s British Currency.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland employing Journeymen, Workmen, Servants, or Labourers, shall by himself or by any other Person pay any Journeyman, Workman, Servant, or Labourer employed by him, the Y\ hole or any Part of the Wages due to such Journeyman, Workman, Servant, or Labourer, in or at any House in which any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Ale, Beer, or Cyder shall be sold by Retail; and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency $ and all Payments of all Wages made in Manner aforesaid shall be null and void.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace in Ireland, or the Snpcrinti ndant Magistrate in the City of Dublin, to annul any Licence granted to any Person or Persons for p l"ilii.g Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder in Ireland; and if any Person whose License jl id? be lo arrtilled, on whom a Notice of the same being annulled, signed by such Magistrates or Magistrate, stall have been served, shall retail any such Spirituous or other Liquors, every such Penon shall be subject to the same Penalties as PeHcns selling Spirituous or other Liquors without having obtained a Licence for that Purpose are liable to under this Act.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. c. 5O. 447

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in every Convrftion made of any Person having fold Spirituous Penalty on Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, without being licensed thereto under the Authority of this Act, the W^CB

Parish, or, in case it be extraparochial, the Townland or Town in which the House or Place where the same conv'ifted of shall have been fold shall be situated, shall be Hated in such Coavi£tion; and such Parish, Townlaud, or Town, unhcensed Sales, in case aforesaid, shall be subject to a Fine of Twenty Pounds British Currency, over and above all Fines ick incurred by the Persons convicted of felling without Licence as aforesaid, lave only in Cases where such Conviction shall have been made of such illegal Sale upon the Information of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Parish or Townland.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as any Conviction of any Person for Mode of selling Spirituous Liauors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, without any Licence according to this Act, shall be*

had or made by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall forthwith cause. pnrjfl, ef Town-Notice of such Conviction to be posted up in.some conspicuous Place in the Parish or Townland or Town, in i.nds, or Town*, case aforesaid, in which the Offence shall be committed, and shall also cause a like Notice of such Conviction, at the Affiic* to be served on Two Landholders therein; and such Justice or Justices shall also return such Conviction to* the Clerk of the Crown at or before the next ensuing Assizes or presenting Term, and the said Clerk of the Crown shall lay every such Conviction before the Court at the said ensuing Assizes or presenting Term, and if it shall appear to the Court that such Notice of such Conviction was posted up and served in Manner aforesaid Twenty Days at the least previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes, or First Day of such presenting Term, and if it shall not appear to the Court that the Conviction was made on the Information of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland or Town, it shall be lawful for the Court, in case any Person shall appear to controvert the Fad of the Parish, Townland or Town, mentioned in such Con-viaion, being the Parish, Townland or Town wherein the Offence was committed, to try the Fact in the same Manner as in the Trial of a Traverse to the Presentment of a Grand Jury; and if a Verdict shall be given' agreeable to the Conviction, or if no Person shall appear to controvert as aforesaid, the Court shall direct the'

Treasurer of the County to order the Fine of Twenty Pounds thereby incurred, to be levied off the Parish,

Townland or Town, in case aforesaid mentioned in such Conviction, by the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess in like Manner, with like Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, in case of Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided in respect to any Money to be levied under the Presentment of a Grand Airy; and all Money which mail be so levied shall be paid by the said Treasurer to the Governors of the County Infirmary therein, to be by them applied in Aid of their other Funds towards supporting the fame, or towards building or maintaining One or more Wards for Lunaticks or Insane Objects.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquqrj 4fthe fa*

City or County of the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and Space iOued by of Five hundred Yards from the Centre of the said Road, at the Outside thereof, shall be issued by uU Clerk, cieiki of the T of the Peace for the City and County of the City of Dubbn, upon the Order of the Lord Mayor, and in every Peace, other Place within the District of Five Miles, beyond the said Circular Road and the Wall of the Pbanix Park, not being in the County of the City of Dublin, shall be issued by the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Dublin, upon the Order of any Two Magistrates of the said County 5 and upon such Oath and Bond beings given and entered into, and such other Requisites complied with by the Persons to whom such Licences fliau be granted as are herein-before mentioned and expressed, except so far as such Requisites are herein after otherwise provided for.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted'to any Person to felT Perftmi apply inf Spirituous Liquors by Retatf in the City of Dulliu> or within the*Circular Road surrounding the said City, ^j|^ain* or within the said District of the Metropolis of DulTtm unfefs the Person applying for such Licence shall* Certificate* m* obtain a Certificate from the Superintendant Magistrate for the Time being, that such Person applying for Suprrintettdaut. a Licence is a proper Person to be licensed, nor unless the Pfersons who shall be proposed to be Sureties- Magistrate in for the Person applying for a Licence be named ini such Certificate, and therein approved of by such Super — D.uW, n* bF.intendant Magistrate-.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Parishioners of the feveraT Parifjics of the Parishioner* in» City of Dublin or Liberties thereof, at Vestry assembled, twice in every Year, or oftenerif necessary, to appoint Vest|7 such Number of Persons as to them shall seem meet, to be Overseers of Houses licensed for Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors within every such Parish respectively; and the Overseers so appointed shall have like Powers parish in Dublin, and Authorities for entering such Houses as Constables and other Peace Officers have by virtue of this Act, who Stall have and the Persons not admitting such Overseers shall be subject to like Penalties as Persons not admitting the f4mc ?*> Magistrates or High Constables are subject to by this Act; and in ease they shall find any Persons, not being a*

Inmates of such Houses, entertained therein between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Seven in the Morning

on any Day of the Week, except Sunday > or at any Time whatever on a Sunday, any Three or more ef such

Overseers mail certify under their Hands and Seals to a Justice of the Peace for the County or City of Dublin< P«wl*y on

that Persons were entertained in such House at such unseasonable Hours, or on a Sunday, as the case mar be,

and thereupon such Justice shall summon the Parties accused, and uijefs the Parties summoned shall make it vcr cc^, 5

appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace that the Persons found therein were Inmates of the

House where they were so found, such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence to subject the Persons licensed*

for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors to a Penalty of Forty Shillings BritUb Currency for the First Offence, and for the Second Offence to the Sum of Five Pounds British Cnnency; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, Spirit Deafer*

such Justice of the Peace may issue his Warrant for the Distrefe and Sale of the Goods of the Person on whom ^rnotwt*'

such Penalty shall be imposed; provided that no Person dealing! in Spirituous Liquors shall vote at any such*ry*

Yeftry, nor be appointed an Overseer.

6, LXVII. A^d,

C. 50.

45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Bounty to Retail ri of Spirits who shall fell a certain Proportion of B-er annually.

£ Pay tble by Commijponert of S/ampt; See 45 G. 3. c. 51. /. 20.]

LXVII. And, for the Encouragement of the Breweries, be it farther enacted, That if any Perfoir Keen fed as aforesaid in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waisrfordt and Limerick, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise by the Affidavit of such Person, and by the Certificate of the Brewer by whom such Beer shall have been sold to such Retailer, or by his Books, and the Permits received with Spirituous Liauors, or by such other Evidence as they shall require, that such Person has sold by Retail in the House or Houses wherein such Person shall have been licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, within the Year ending the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, or, within any subsequent Year, Strong Beer or Ale, in the Proportion of One Barrel of Ale or Strong Beer for each Three Gallons of Spirituous Liquors fold therein or thereat during the said Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give to every such Person a Certificate, dating the Quantities of Strong Beer, Ale, and Spirituous Liquors fold during such Year by such Retailer, and that such Retailer has proved himself or herself, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, entitled to a Bounty of (naming the Sum) under the Provision9 of this Act; and every Retailer receiving such

Certificate shall be entitled to, and shall receive from the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties out of any Revenue by them collected, a Bounty after the Rate following 5 (that is to lay), if such Retailer shall have sold by retail Seventy five Barrels ot Strong Beer of Ale within the Year, a Bounty equal in Amount to One Sixth Fart of the Stamp Duties paid by such Retailer on his or her Licence, and if One hundred Barrels, a Bounty equal to One Fifth Part of such Duties, and if Two hundred Barrels or more, a Bounty equal to One Third Part of such Duties.

Such Bounties for Sale of Beer in the Year after 29th September 1804, he paid by Collectors on Order of u Commissioners of Excise." §68.

Retailers shall be

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed to sell Spirituous or other fuMiished with Liquors by Retail under this Act, shall be furnished by the Collector in whose District such Person shall nefide. At >11 rails, and or by the Clerk of the Peace, with a printed Abstract of the Regulations in this Act contained, respecting ^Bed*upP thCm t^le ^ondud or Duty of Retailers, and shall cause such Abstract to be hung up or polled in the most publick Part KrJliy 5s. of the House of such Person, and shall preserve and keep the same so hung up or polled during the Time Day. such Person shall continue to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, or in Default thereof shall for every Day in which such Abstract shall at any Time be omitted to be so hung up or polled, upon Proof thereof before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings British Currency; and such Fine, when levied, shall be paid One Moiety to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish, for thi Use of the Poor thereof.

<Dne Justice may

adrmnifter

Oatlia.

Perjury.

Retailers (kali keep a daily Account of Spirits fold, and St^ck shall be tv ken by Officers.

CpmjJ^lfation for Lois of Fees, to Persons being Collectors of Excise, on 29th September 1804, may he made by Commissioners of Excise. §70."

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, within his Jurisdiction, to administer any Oath or Oaths prescribed or required by this Act; and that if any Person who shall take any such Oath shall wilfully ana knowingly swear falsely therein, every such Person being duly convicted thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Retailer shall daily enter in a Book to be kept by such Retailer the Quantity and Quality of Spirituous Liquors sold by such Retailer during that Day; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Surveyor of Excise, or any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the District in which any such Retailer shall reside, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Hours in the Daytime, to enter into all or any of the Houses, Warehouses, Storehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and Rooms of any fitch Retailer, and into any Place where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, belonging to any such Person shall be, and to take an Account of the Quantity of all Spirituous Liauors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder contained in any such House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Place respectively, and to demand the Book herein-before mentioned in order to examine or take Copies or Extrads thereof; and if any such Officer or Officers of Excise shall not, on Demand made by him or them, at any such House, Warehouse, Shop, or other Place, be admitted therein, or shall not be suffered to take such Accounts as aforesaid, or if any Person so licensed shall neglect or refuse to produce such Book to such Officer, or to shew or cause to be shewn to such Officer all the Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder in every such House, Shop, Warehouse, or other Place, every Retailer offending therein, or neglecting to keep such Book, and to make true and faithful Entries therein of all Spirituous Liquors sold by such Retailer by Retail, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency 5 and if such Retailer shall offend therein a Second Time during the Continuance of his or her Licence, such Licence shall, from and after the Second Con-widion, be nuB and void.

Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act, Three Months. — General Wue. — Treble Costs. } 7*"

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 51. 449

CAP. LI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to die Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Notaries Publick without being d; Iy licensed, in Ireland.[27th June 1805 J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty's and for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that

it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, there Ti1f put; Ci shall, throughout that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto r^cc ifi d in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Articles, Matters, and Things expressed in S^eriule* (A.) the Schedules (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the several and respective Rates, Impositions, Duties, Charges, tn<1 (B; ) and the and Sums of Money in the said Schedules respectively mentioned and set forth, and that there shall be made,

allowed, and paid for and in respect of the Articles mentioned and described in the Schedule marked (C)Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, the Allowances and Sums of Money mentioned and set forth in the said Schedule marked Hull be.paid. (C.), which said Schedules shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties in the said Schedules mentioned and set forth (fare The said Duties and except the Duties on Licences to sell Spirituous and other Liquors at Encampments, and for every Day (except on Spirit such Spirituovs or other Liquors shall be sold at Fairs, and on Licences to Bra/.iers and others for making of Licences, ice)Stills, and on Licences to Persons to deal in or retail Stamps) shall be in lieu and instead of all former Duties be , n*lc? on the several Articles mentioned in the said Schedules.*orraer

u Duties (Kail be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps in Ireland, §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons possessed of, or who shall be Persont jn possessed of, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper {lamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark to denote any of Tyflcflion to the Duties now payable by Law on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Duty is by this Stamps denoting Act imposed greater than the Duties now payable thereon, at any Time to bring such Vellum, Parchment, or duties now Paper, to the said Commissioners at their Head Office in Dublin, who are hereby authorized and required, upon thim Request of such Person or Persons, to order cither that such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be'stamped exchanged for with a Duty denoting such greater or higher Duty, (the Person or Persons requesting the same paying the others, piying Difference of Price between the said respective Stamps), or that any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper which Biffeicnfe of shall be brought for the Purpose by the Person requesting the fame, shall be duly stamped and marked with Plice

Stamps denoting such Duties as the Person or Persons requesting the same shall require in exchange for such

stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as shall be offered for Exchange (the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be given paying the Difference, if any, between the said respective Stamps): Provided always, that the Stamps marked on such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper to be offered for Exchange shall be cancelled.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter counterfeit Penalty on

or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Mark, or Stamp, 'to resemble any Persons furginfc Type, Mark, or Stamp already kept or used* or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office of the Stamps or having Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or - r PofftiSofl1*1 Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped with any of the Duties charged thereon by this Act or by any °^9

other Act or Acts in force in Ireland; or if any Person or Persons save and except such Person or Persons as Fnft Offence shall be lawfully entitled to have and use the same for the Purpose of stamping Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, Felony, in pursuance of this Act) shall have in his, her, or their Possession any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp, to scve^Yc* resemble any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp already kept or ufedr or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Tnnfporumuu. Head Office for denoting, charging, or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed se ©nd Otfe*c« to be stamped, any of the Duties charged thereon by this Act or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland; F«i«my without or shall counterfeit, mark, or impress, or cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or impressed, on any Clergy. Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Mark or Device used or kept at the Head Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or Thing directed to be stamped, any of the Duties charged thereon by this Act or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland; or shall utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, or shall have in his or her Possession with intent to sell the same, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with any counterfeit Device, Mark, or Impression thereupon, to resemble any Mark or Device, tifed or kept at the Head Office aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, knowing such Device, Mark, or Impression to be counterfeited; then and in any of the said Cases, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall, for the first Offence, be transported for the Term of Seven Years, and for any subsequent Offence shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable Dutk* under this shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that in all Cases where.A<Jt

any Duties of Stamps in Ireland, or any Allowances in respect thereof are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed or such Allowances are made, such Amount as m|1o pfJ. well as the Rate of Duty or Allowance in rafpedl thereof, shall be taken in British Currency, except where the Centre D-uies 45 Geo. III. 3 M Amount of Sump*, &c.

45°

C. 51.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Amount of any Sum in respect of which any Duty is imposed, shall be exprtffed, estimated, or calculate! in Irish Currency, in which Case such Duty shall be paid in Irish CuiTency.

i Money arising by the Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer of Ireland) and carried to the Irfh " Consolidated t'und, §7."

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sum of Seven Pounds in the said Schedule (A.) mentioned and imposed on any Indenture, Deed, Article, or Contract, for binding any Person as a Clerk or Appre ntice to an Attorney, shall be accounted for, paid, and applied in such and the like Manner as the Sum of Seven Pounds mentioned in an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty ft vend Duties herein mentioned* to be levied by the Comniiffiotiers for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, is by the said Act directed to be accounted for, paid, and applied.

/ #9*

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed in and by the said recited Act of the Forcy-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and not hereby altered or

Stamps (except repealed, shall be of Force and Effect with relation to all Duties hereby granted, and shall be applied and put

where hereby in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and

altered) extended effectually, to all Intents mid Purposes, as if the same had been hereby re-enacted with relation to the Duties 'omuAit. hmhy grapte(L 1 '

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as directs, that any Person who shall purchase and pay for Paper, damped with any of the Duties mentioned in Schedule (B.) to the hud Ad annexed and printed, with the Forms of the Articles and Instruments mentioned in the said Schedule, shall be allowed at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum for every such Sum or Sums, to be paid as aforesaid, shall from and after Ten Days after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

XI. And whereas by the said last recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is amongst other Things enacted, that the Commissioners of Stamps shall allow and pay to every Person bringing Parchment, Vellum, or Paper, to be stamped, the Duty whereof shall amount to the Sum , ot Twenty Pounds or upwards, or buying Parchment or Paper stamped to a like Amount, after the Rate of Three Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, (except as in the said Act is mentioned); be it enacted, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no such Allowance shall be made for or in respect of any Stamp Duty on any Licences, the Duty 011 which shall amount to the Sum of Eleven Pounds or upwards, any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And, for the better guarding against the Forgery and re-issuing of Stamps, used in Processes for

Processes shall be Recovery of Small Debts, by way of Civil Bill in Ireland, be it enacted, That all Civil Bill Procefle6 hereafter 6gned, &c. by to an(j a\j Copies thereof, shall be signed, dated, and appointed for each particular Cause and Session,

by the respective Assistant Barristers in every County in Ireland; and that every such Assistant Barrister shall, for signing, aating, and appointing every such original Process, and all the Copies thereof, receive from lhe Plaintiff or Person issuing or requiring such Process the Sum of Sixpence British Currency in the Whole and no more 5 and that every Plaintiff obtaining a Decree shall be entitled to recover against the Defendant such Sum of Sixpence in Addition to the other legal Costs heretofore recoverable by Law, and that any Person uling any such Process or Copy or Copies thereof for any other Purpose than that for which such Process cr Copy was so signed, dated, arid appointed, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeunor, and punishable as for a* Miidefneanor at common Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as exempts any Draft or Order for the Payment of Mousy on Demand payable to Bearer, drawn upon any Bank or Banker, or Person acting as a Banker within Ten Miles of the Place where

Duly of 71. on Indentures of .Apprentices so Attornies -payable in like Manner as that Day is payable

by 43G.3-c. 21. Powers, Ur. of

43 G. 3- c. 2l. and other Acts in, force in Ireland relating to

The Allowance of iol perCcnt, under 43 G. 3. c. XI. f. 39. repealed.

No Discount under 43 G. 3. c. n. f. 37. for Duty on Licences amounting to ill. or more.

Civil Bill

Assistant

Barristers.

43 G. 3. e.». /. is*, exempting Orders for Payment of

from Duty, repealed; as to Aich Orders not paid within

t

wo Days,

See (Schedule

Money to Bearer such Draft or Order shall be actually drawn and issued, from any of the Duties by the said recited Act charged and made payable, shall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conftmed to extend to charge with Duty any such Draft or Order which shall be paid before the Expiration of Two Dnys next after the Date thereof, and which shall not be negotiated, or of which Payment shall not be required at any Time after the Expiration of such Two Days next after the Date hereof.

A.) t» tfas 48.] tt persons bavinpf neglected to takeout Licences to act as Notaries, indemnified if taken out before Twenty-u fourth June 1805, §14."

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances for insuring Houses, Furniture, Merchandize, or other

Uoufcs, or orher property from Loss by Fire, and all Insurances upon any Life or Lives for the Benefit of any Person or Perfo. a Livcf effecti?n lre^an^ which shall be made or effected by any Persons resident in Ireland, and appointed by the Corporation in Ireland by of Royal Exchange Assurance in London, or by the Corporation of London Assurance, or either of them, ( x*' - by any Company in Great Britain for insuring Property on Lives, as the Agents of such Corporations or

Companies respectively, shall be subject and liable only to the Duties imposed on such Insurances by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland\ and to no other Duties whatsoever, although the Policies by which such Insurances shall be made shall be under the Common Seal of the said Corporations or Companies respectively, and although the same shall be completed in the Whole or in Part previous to their being sent to such Agenta in Ireland*any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the polling of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any One or more of them, and they are

I hereby

Per fun I appointed by Corporations or Companies in Great Britain subject only to the inth Duty. Commissionu rs of Stamps may grant L'ce ccs

'to Pv-ri«ns to retail Stamps.

A.D. 1805.

-45° GEORGII III.

C. 51.

45*

+hereby required to grant to any Person or Persons requiring the same (not being a Distributor of Stamps appointed by the said Commissioners) a Licence to deal in and retail Stamps, which Licence shall be in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date thereof, and shall be duly stamped: Provided always, that every Person requiring such Licence shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, (which Bond the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to take for His Majesty's Use) in the

Penalty of One hundred Pounds, conditioned that such Person shall not sell nor offer to fell, or have or keep

in Lis or her Possession any forged or counterfeit Stamp: Provided also, that all Persons so licensed shall be [&" 43 C. 3.

subjrd and liable to all such Rules and Regulations as are contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-third c.zi. j. 40.&c.]

Year of His present Majesty's Reign with respect to Persons licensed to utter, vend, or sell Stamps under and

by virtue of that Act as to the uttering, vending, or selling thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Clerk of the Peace or other Person, who, by any Ad Cle<k* of tV.c

or Acts in force in Ireland, is allowed to provide any Stamp or Stamps for any Licence, Bond, or other Matterc* "*7

or Tiling, subject to Stamp Duty, shall and may provide the fame, and receive the Amount of the Stamp Duty J^oiu tak* thereon, together with such Fee as such Clerk of the Peace or other Person is by Law entitled unto, without out Licence 10 having obtained any Licence for that Purpose, and shall not on account of providing any such Stamp, or retail them, receiving Payment for the fame, be deemed a Vender or Retailer of or Dealer in Stamps, or liable to any

Penalty for so doing, any Tiling in this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary not with (landing.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation on

or Company, in Ireland, which, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act,

shall admit any Person or Persons into any such Corporation or Company by themselves, or by some Person or Persons employed by or under them, previous to the Admission of any such Person into any such Corporation Cu»paiauon*

or Company, to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of and from the without

Person so to be admitted, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed on the Entry, Minute, or receiving tfce

Memorandum of the Admission of such Person into such Corporation or Company; and if any Town Clerk or

Clerk, or other proper Officer of any such Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, shall neglect c< wf 9

+or refuse to make an Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp, in some Book, Roll, or Record of such Corporation or Company, within One Month after any Person shall be admitted into such Corporation or Company, such Town Clerk or other Officer shall for such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Town Clerks, Clerks, and other publick Officers, who shall from Books and Time to Time have in their Custody any publick Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets, or Record! of Proceedings, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the securing of any of His Majesty's Stamp Duties publick O/fieer* in Ireland^ or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omission in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall,

at any seasonable Time or Times, permit any Officer or Officers, thereunto authorized by the Commissioners by the

for the Time being appointed to manage the said Duties, or the major Part of them, to insped and view all Commissioners,

such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets, and Proceedings as aforesaid, and to take thereout such Sumps.

+Notes and Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purposes last mentioned, without Fee or Reward, upon Pain that such Clerk, Town Clerk, or other Officer or Officers who shall refuse or neglect so to do, upon Demand made by such Officer or Officers so authorized as aforesaid, shall, for every such Refusal and Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds British Currency.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Com»r.loners Stamp Duties, out of any Revenue by them collected, to pay to any Persons licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, 'mpowered ro Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail in the Cities of Duhliny Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, such Bounties

as such Persons shall, by the Certificate of the Commissioners of Excise, appear to be entitled unto in respect of for selling Beer having fold Strong Beer or Ale by Retail within the Year ending the Twenty-ninth Day of September One in certain thousand eight hundred and five, or any subsequent Year, in such Quantities and Proportions as may be specified Proportion*, in any Ad made or to be made in the present Session of Parliament for regulating Licences for the Sale of ts"4SG' b Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of c«5°*/ 7«J Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, or by any other Act or Acts hereafter to be made for the like Purpose.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney or Solicitor in Ireland, who shall not have actually Penalty on paid the full Amount of tho Stamp Duty imposed by any Ad or Ad9 in force in Ireland on any Warrant to Attorn, c* npt appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant, or to prosecute or defend any Action or Suit, or to confels Judgement ^/warrant* or*thereon, or on any Writ, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, or Proceeding whatsoever in any Action other Proceeded Suit at Law or in Equity, shall charge to the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, or shall receive ing* in Suita, from such Plaintiff or Defendant, or from any other Person, the Amount of any such Stamp Duty, and shall not have actually made use of or issued or filed the Warrant, Writ, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, or other Proceeding duly stamped as required by Law, for which such Charge shall be made, or such Amount shall be received, such Attorney or Solicitor shall for every such Offence forfe it the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, in which no EiToign, Protcdion, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful Pcn^fiirs of 20I For any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within whose .Jurisdiction any Offence shall be committed against this «e»!ci Stamp Ad, or against the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or ageirft ar#y AcS n, l> he other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for granting Stamp Dntie. to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccrfLrs, and tuch Justice is hereby authorized and empowered in all Cases (except where a Suit fhuil have beer, begun or

be pending in any superior Court respecting such Offer

oM -

re), upon a: iv Information or Complaint, to summon the

fvC .wfrcU UfoiC < |i.ftice; who »!f may fme Oihne'er*

201. ili all (Me*.

452 C. 51.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

whrrt Penalty «l«rs not exceed tool.

the Party so accused and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Fadl, and upon ^oof thereof made, either by the Confession of the Party or Person committing such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement for such Penalty, in case the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds; and in case such Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, then to fine such Offender in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and to give Judgement for the same as a Penalty incurred for such Offence, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Penalty on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale t be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for such Time as he shall judge to be proper, not less than One Month nor more than Three Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid; and it shall not be lawful for such Justice to mitigate such Penalty or Sum of Twenty Pounds in any Way whatsoever, any Act or Act9 to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Person or Penons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of such Justice of the Peace, then and in such Case he, she, or they, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Penalty, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, may appeal to the Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the County or District in which such Offence shall have been committed which shall happen after Fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors Ten Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions; and such Justices shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices as aforesaid to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet; and no Certiorari shall in any Case be granted to examine or remove any such Determination or Conviction, either before or after such Appeal.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or before the said Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear (such Witness or Witnesses Expences being first paid or tendered), without a reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by such Justice of the Peace or Justices at Sessions respectively, or upon appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath or give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall .pot make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice of the Peace or Justices at the Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as other Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person from suing for or recovering any Penalty exceeding Twenty Pounds under

bwii>w any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for regulating the Stamp Duties in Cases where the Offender shall not A£s, if Offender have been convicted before a Justice, and fined in a Sum of Twenty Poundsunder this Act; Provided also, it not punished that any Person having been so convicted and having paid such Sum of Twenty Pounds, may plead the same in Bar to any Action or Suit for any Penalty exceeding Twenty Pounds and not exceeding One hundred Pounds on account of the same Offence for which he shall have been so convicted.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture under this Act, or under any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland for imposing Duties oh Stamps; any Thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland, who shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry into Execution this Act, or any Act for imposing Stamp Duties in Ireland^ upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action. to be applied as to One Half thereof to the Use of the Person filing for the fame, and the other Half to be paid to the Minister, Rector, or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein,

Pe*slty on

Witnessies neglecting to attend, or -refusing to give Evidence, 5l.

Penalties above' 20l. may be recovered as under former

under this Act,

*c.

Penalties may be mitigated by Stamp Office under Order of ths Treasury of Ireland.

Penalty on Justices negirdling |o carry this or any Sramp Act into fxc-nttion, 50l.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. Schedule (A.)

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper on which shall be ingrossid, written, or printed, any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Dutie. following, viz.

An r Admission of any Clerk, Advocate, Prodlor, Notary, or other Officer in any Court whatsoever (except such Officer be an annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under tie Value of Ten Pounds a Year in Saiary* Fce«, and other Perquisites) -

Duty.

20

O O

Any

Duty.

Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Contrail whereby any Person (half become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney or Solicitor, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles, or Contracts -

And further on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles, or Contracts —

Any other Indenture of Apprenticeship, where the Sum or Value given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to such Apprentice shall exceed £10 and shall not exceed £20 -

Exceeding £20 and not exceeding £50 -

150 — £100 -

£100 — £200 -

£200 — £jc<> -

/3co " 2-4°° " -

£aco — L 500 -

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of £500 for every £ioo of such Excess a Duty of -

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to execute Leases -

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Rents in Ireland —

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed for felting or deinifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding One Life or Twenty-one Years,

Where the Amount of the Rent reserved (any penal Rent or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed 40j., or the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed £20 -

Where such Rent shall exceed 40l. and shall not exceed £io, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £20, and shall not exceed £100 -

Where such Rent shall exceed £10 and shall not exceed £20, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £100 and shall not exceed £150 -

Where such Rent shall exceed £20 and shall not exceed £50* or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £.150 and shall not exceed £250 -

Where such Rent shall exceed £50 and shall not exceed £100, Or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £250, and shall not exceed £500 -

Where such Rent shall exceed £100 and shall not exceed £150, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £500 and shall not exceed £75o -

Where such Rent shall exceed £150 and shall not exceed £200, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £750 and shall not exceed £1, 000 -

Where such Rent shall exceed £200 and shall not exceed £250, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £ 1, 000 and shall not exceed £1, 250 -

Where such Rent shall exceed £250 and shall not exceed £300, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £1, 250 and shall not exceed £1, 500 -

Where such Rent shall exceed £300 and shall not exceed £350, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £1, 500 and shall not exceed £1, 750 — ' —

Where such Rent shall exceed £350 and shall not exceed £400, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £1, 750 and shall not exceed £2, 000 -

And where the Amount of such Rent reserved shall exceed the Sum of £400, or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of £iy000, for every £ico of the whole Amount of such Rent, or for every £500 of such Fine or Consideration a Duty of —

And in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, shall be executed by virtue of any Letter of Attorney for that Purpose, then for every £5 of the Amount of ftrch reserved Rent, or for every £25 of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty in all Cases of -

And on any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term exceeding One Life or Twenty-one Years* and not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty^-ene Years, an additional Duty equal to One Half of the foregoing Duties; and if for any Term exceeding Three Lives or, Thirty-one Years, then a Duty in the Whole equal to double the Amount of the

foregoing Duties.

Any Probate of a Will or Letters of Admin Miration for any Estate,

Of the Value of £30 and under the Value of [1100.

J.

1-3 0 0

7 0 0

0 5 0

O IO 0

I 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

6 0 0

9 0 9

3 0 0

10 0 0

S 0 0

0 5 O'

0 7 6

0 10 9

05 o

1 0 0

1 10 0

2 0 0

2 10 0

3 0 0

3 10 0

4 0 0

2 0 0

- , — — 0 10 0

- 1 JO 0

- 2 0 0

- 3 0 0

- 4 0 0

- 5 0 0

- , 6 0 0

- i 7 0 0

- 8 0 0

1 1 For

Probate, &c- continued.

' For any Estate of the Value of /V o and under the Value of/" 1, 000 -

1 jOOOO J, y c o -

/'l, rOO — — £2, 000 -

/ 2, 000 and net exceeding A: 0*cO -

Above the Value of /h^oo, for every / 1; o of such Value, r.nd for any fra&ior.al Part of £ T co beyond any progressive Sum of C : t o, a Duty of -

Except always the Probate of any Will or Letters of Admin ift ration of the Goods, Chattels, and Effecla of any Common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be (lain or die in the Service of Ills Majesty, H s He irs or Successor .Any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, specilic or pecuniary, or of any other Description of the Amount or Value of £zo or more given by any vViil or testamentary Instrument of any Person ogt of his or her Personal Estate, and also for the clear Residue, and for every Part of the dear Residue of the Personal Estate of every such Person whether testate or intestate, and who (h?.ll have left or who shall leave any Personal Estate of the clear Value of £100 or upwards, which shall remain after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges, and specific and pecuniary Legacies (if any), whether the Title to such Residue or to any Part thereof shall accrue by virtue of any testamentary Disposition, or upon Intellacy; where any such Legacy or a: ly ftefid ue or Part of Residue of any such Personal Estate shall be given or pass tp or for the Benefit of any of the Perfor.s after mentioned:

For every £ ico of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or any Part of Residue, and for any fractional Part of £loo beyond any Sum or progressive Sums of £100 the Suras following, viz

If such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall he given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Siller of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother

If the same shall be given or pass, to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister —

If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother

If the same shall be given or pass, to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of Collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased, than as above de(bribed, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased

Exemptions.

Receipt or Discharg? for any Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate, which shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of the Kufthind or Wife of the Deceased.

Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Residue or Part of Residue, of any Personal Estate, which shall be given or shall pais to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

Any Bond commonly called a Mortgage Bond, or Bond given as a collateral Security, for

or in re (peel of any Mortgage -

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of the Admission of any Person into any Corporation

or Company, who lh.ill - be so admitted in respect of his Birth, Apprenticeship, or

Marriage, entered or made in the Court Book, Roll or Record of rany such Corporation

or Company -

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of the Admission of any other Person into any Corporation or Company -

Any Permit granted by any Officer cf His Majesty's Revenue, or any Distributor of Stamps,

or other Person duly authorized to grant the lame, relative to any exciseable or other Goods, and also any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law 5

If tl ic Duties on the Goods permitted thereby, do not amount to the Sum of £. —

If fecit Duties amount to £if or more -

Any Inftrninent, entitling any Person or Persons exporting any Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, from Ireland, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the same A " A----- .r i_ /t-11*ivn, /, a'-

which shall be printed on one Side only of any one Sheet or Piece of Faper or other Materials, and which shall not be printed, so as to be afterwards (eparated into Leaves, or bound as a Bool; or Pamphlet -

Any other Almanack or Calendar, for any particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar, made to lerve for any Time longer than a Year, or for several Years -

Any

Duly

£ /. (L

9 O 0

20 0 0

35 O 0

2 Q 0

5 o o o

2 10 0

400

2 6

to o o o

0 6

1 o

o 6 o 6

o

o

o9o 9

7 6

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 5T.

455

Any Dublin Directory -

Any Policy of Assurance or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire Any Draft or Order in Writing, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds British Currency on Demand, payable to Bearer or otherwise, drawn upon any Bank or Banker or Person acting as a Banker in Ireland, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order fli.nll be af^ually drawn and issued, which shall be negotiated, or of which vPayment shall be required at any Time after the Expiration of Two Days, from the Date thereof -

Any Licence to any Person to deal in, or retail Stamps in Ireland, except Persons being Distributors of Stamps, lawfully appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland -

Any Licence to any Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills — ' -

Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland, for one Month -

And for every successive Month — " -

Lhu).

£- ' d.

0 0 6

0 1 0

r; W. n V

this slth an I

4* G. c. ai.

/«7i

OOJ

0 10 o 100*

1 00 10 o

SCHEDULE (B)

UNSTAMPED ARTICLES liable to Duty under this Act:

ARTICLES,

Win rc the Premium, or C«n-(idcia ion in the N.nuicof «i Premium, n£tual»y and honi side p. id or coi trailed f »i,

shall nt/t exceed shall exceed tnc

rise R.»n ol 10«. R >lC of 20'.

per Cent. pir Cun.

i'* d.

0 r 3. 0 2 6

0X3 0 2. 6

O M 0 2

O 2 6 050

a 2 6 050

V 2 & 0 VII 0

Lny Assurance or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandizes, or any; other Property or Intereil whereon Insurance maybe lawfully made against Lois: in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Danger of or other Perils at Sea, viz.;

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Islands*

Where the Sum insured shall amount to £iCo or any left* Sum

And'so progressively for every /*xoo so insured —

And where the Sum insured shall exceed £ico, or any progreflfve Sums*of /.jco each by any fra&ional Part of /roo, for such fractional Part For any other Voyage where the Sum insured shall amount* to £ 100 or any less Sum -

And so progressively for every £100 so insured —

And where the Sum insured shall exceed £100, or any pro^reflive Sums of £ 100 each by any fra&ional Part of £100, for such fractional Part

Any Afluranee or Insurance upon every Sum of £ ioo, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly -

For each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland for which any Person ficensed to fell

airituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder by Retail, shall be duly authorized by a igillrate to fell' such Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent, or Booth, or in any Street, Road, or open Place at such Fair -

£. s. d.

o 2 6

2 o a

SCHEDULE (CO-

ALLOWANCES:

To Stationers or other Persons who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts, to the Amount'at one and the same Time of f 10, in Consideration of their making no Charge to the Publick for the Paper stamped for Receipts, .Ut actually and bona fide felling the same for the Price of the Stamp only, £>j. ios-. for every / ioo of the Amount 01 the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, not under the Sum of £10; this Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the present Payment of Stamp Duties to the Amount of ^20, and upward.

CL A P;

456

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

45 G. 3. c. 10. f. 12.

Cerrain Licence* gr^nraW- unricr reeled A by C>m missioners of Excite.

§ >3-

And ce.tain other Licence* by Commissioners of Stamp*.

Parties licensed shall put up Board* of their Ttadct See, on Penalty of 5l.

No officer shall grant Permit* for Articles to Person* not licensed, on Penalty of tol. Persons forging Lirrnces shall he liable .0 Penal-tie* of Forger* ot Stamp* und r 45G.3c. 20.

Bond (halt he enieied into by Brew r* hefre being iux-.'cd, togivtr Accounts

of Bserfold, See.

C. 5.

CAP. LII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Licence* to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several Occupations therein mentioned. — [27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, it is enacted, that Licences to Persons to manufacture

Tobacco, or to deal in unmanufactured Tobacco; and a!so Licences to Persons to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters; and also Licences to Factors, and Persons not being Distillerr, and not being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits, felling Foreign Spirits or Home-made Spirits on

Conyriifon; and also Licences to Persons not being Maltsters felling Malt on Commission; and also Licences to Periods to keep a Malt House and make Mait for Sale; and also Licences to Persons to brew Strong Beer or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale 5 and also Licences to Persons to brew or make for Sale Sweets or Made Wines; and also Licences to Persons to make for Sale Metheglin or Mead; and also Licences to Persons to make Vinegar for Sale; and also Licences to Persons to keep a Taa Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather,

4 or to dress Hides or Skins in Oil; and also Licences to Persons to make Vellum or Parchment; and also Licences to Persons to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale; or to fell Paper Hangings; and also Licences to keep a Mill for making Paper 5 and also Licences to 'Persons to fell by Auction; and also Licences to Persons to make GlaL Bottles, and other Vessels and Utensils of common Bottle Metal; shall be granted and issued by the Commissioners of Excise in Ireland, or by Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners, in Manner in the said Act mentioned: And it is by the said recited Act further enacted, that Licences to Persons to manufacture Hats; to fell Coffee by Retail, or to keep a Coffee House; to manufacture Candles or Soap for Sale; to fell Tea or Groceries by Retail; to fell or make for Sale any Gold or Silver Plate; to be Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen; shall be granted and issued by the Commissioners cf Stamp Duties in Ireland\ or by Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners, in Manner in the said Act mentioned: For the better regulating the granting of the said Licences respectively, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person in Ireland required to take out a Licence by virtue of the said Act or this Act, to deal in, fell, make, or manufacture any of the Articles, or to keep any of the Things or Places herein mentioned, shall cause to be painted on a Board with Letters at all Times publickly visible and legible, at lead One Inch long, in White upon a Black Ground, or Black upon a White Ground, his or her Name and Surname respectively, at full length, and after such Names the Words Licensed to deal in, " or to fell, " or " to manufacture, " or " 'to brew, " or " to make" any Article or Thing, or to keep, " any Manufactory in the said Act or this Act mentioned, as the Case may require, specifying the Article, Thing, or Manufactory which such Person shall by such Licence be empowered to deal in, fell, manufacture, brew, make, or keep respectively; and such Person shall also cause the said Board to be affixed in some conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Front of his or her House, Shop, or Manufactory respectively, not more than Three Feet from the Top of the Shop Door, or Front or Outside Door of such House or Manufactory 5 and every such Person shall prefenre and keep up the said Board so painted during the Continuance 01 such Licence, or in Default of affixing such Board, or keeping so affixed, every such Person shall forfeit respectively for every Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not he lawful for any Officer of Excise to grant to any Person or Persons who is or are required to take out a Licence for felling or keeping any Goods or Articles requiring a Permit, any Permit for the Conveyance of the same out of the Stock of such Person, unless such Person or Persons shall have obtained or have in force a Licence for that Purpose; and if any Officer of Excise shall grant any Permit contrary hereto, he shall for every such Permit forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, lliat if any Person shall forge, alter, or counterfeit, or cause to be forged, altered, or counterfeited, any Licence for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or required by the said recited Act or this Act, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of, as a true Licence, any such forged, altered, or counterfeited Licence, or any Paper purporting to be a Licence in force, and not actually being such Licence in force, knowing the same to be forged, altered, or counterfeited, or knowing the same not to be a Licence in force, such Person shall be liable to all the Penalties and Punishments enacted against any Person forging any Type, Mark, or Stamp to resemble any Type, Mark, or Stamp used by Law for charging on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Duties chargeable thereon by virtue of the said recited Act of the present Session of Parliament for granting Stamp Duties in Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be given by virtue of this or the said recited Act to any Person to brew Strong Beer or Ale or Small Beer for Sale, unless such Person shall have first entered into a Bond to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, to be approved of by the Person issuing such Licence, conditioned that such Brewer shall from Time to Time return to the Collector of the Distnft wherein his or her, Brewery shall be carried on, as often as such Brewer shall be required thereto by such Collector, a true Account verified by Oath of the uantities of Strong Be r or Ale sold by such Brewer to any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wi.ie, Beer, Ale, or Cyder by Retail, deducting thereout all such Quantities thereof as may have be*n from Time to Time returned by such Person to whom the same were so'fold, during the Period mentioned in any such Requ.fition; or in case such Brewer so licensed to brew Strong Beer or Ale shall also be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquor^ by Retail, then that such Brewer will give a true Account, verified by Oath as >foreU and during such Period as such Brewer shall be required in like Manner, of the Quantities of Strong Beer, /lie, or Porter sold by such Brewer by Retail, from Time to Time during the Period stated

8 in

A.D. 180jf,

45° GEORGII III.

c. 5.

in such Requisition, and likewise of the Quantities of Spirituous Liquors sold by him or her by Retail during, the same Time; and also conditioned, that such Person shall not let out to hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil for brewing for the Purpose of brewing Beer or Ale, or fuller any other Person to use hit or her Brewhouse, or any Brewing Pan, or other Utensil for brewing therein.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person licensed to brew Strong Beer or Ale or Small Beer for

Sale, shall let out to hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, /or Utensil for brewing, for the Purpose of ufenl^lT &c

brewing Strong Beer or Ale, or shall lufFer any other Person to use his or her Brewhouse, or any Brewing Pan, iol. and Brcir-

or other Utenin for brewing therein, every such Person so letting out to hire, or lending or suffering to be i ig Vciliel* lent

used any such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil, and the Person to whom the same mall be so let out to (hrilbe so»f<fec<T,

hire or lent, or by whom the same shall be used, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds 5 and every

Brewing Pan or other Utensil which shall be so let, lent, or used, shall be forfeited, and may be seized 5 and it tetodemuibed.

shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so letting to hire, or lending or suffering to be used any

Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil, or for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be let out to hire or

lent, or who shall make use of the same (as the Case may be), if summoned as a Witness on the Part of the

Informer, (or if the Person or Persons l'o letting out to hire or lending such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or

Utensil, or the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so let out or lent, or by whom the same shall be used, shall be the Informer or Informers), to give Evidence on the Trial of any Suit upon any such Bond, or

any Information for any such Penalty or Forfeiture, and in case of Judgement upon any such Bond, or Con- k

viction upon any such Information, the Person or Persons so giving Evidence Audi be discharged of and from the Penalties by him or them incurred.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be given under the said recited Act or this Act to Hawkers and

any Person as a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person going from Place to Place in shall

Ireland, and travelling either on Foot, or with a Horse or other Bealt of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to

fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or to any travelling Tinker or Cafler of Iron and o^heir

Metal, or to any Person hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale, unless such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chap* Bufinef* to the

ipan shall at the Time of applying for such Licence, declare, to the Person to whom such Hawker, Pedlar, or Person ero-

Petty Chapman shall apply, his or her Name and Surname, Age, and Place or Places of Abode, and also how P^weted ro

and in what Manner such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman intends to lawk, travel, and trade, whether on

Foot or with One Horse, or how many Horses or other Bead or Beasts of Burthen; and the Person granting witj, the Col-

such Licence is hereby required to insert in such Licence or to indorse thereon the Age, Places of Abode, leaor.

and particular Description of such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman to whom, and the Date when such

Licence shall be granted; for which Entry or Indorsement, or for granting of which Licence, no Fee shall be

demanded or taken, other than and except the Stamp Duty on such Licence, and no such Licence shall be

valid, or be deemed a Licence within the Meaning of this Act, unless such Indorsement thereon or Entry

therein shall be respectively made in Manner aforesaid 5 and the Person so granting such Licence shall once in

every Month transmit to the Collector of the District, and to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp

Duties respectively, an Account of all such Licences granted by him, and a true Copy of all the Particulars

so in fated therein or indorsed thereon as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, in respect whereof or of any Goods carried

of them any Person or Persons is or are required to take out a Licence, which shall be carrying or carried

about for Sale, or sold or exposed to Sale by any, Person who shall not have a Licence, or shall no^ upon oy^faew* for-Demand of any Justice of the Peace, or any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise or Stamps, produce felted.

a Licence, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Justice or Officer; and if any Hawker, Pedlar, Penally on Petty Chapman, or other Person shall not, upon Demand made by £ny Peace Officer or Officers of the E icife or no} producing Stamps produce or shew immediately unto such Person so demanding the fame, his or her Licence or Licences licence, 4os* for trading, every such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other Person being duly convicted thereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prohibit any Not to prevent

Person or Persons (other than and except travelling Tinkers, Cafters of Iron and Metal), from carrying £ersons (CXCPP^ abroad, exposing to Sale and felling any Goods or Wares made or manufactured by him or her, or by his or fro^ feilingAr* her Huffiand or Wife, or Child, or Apprentice or Apprentices, Journeyman or Journeymen, Mailer or Mif* tides of their oiru tress, at any publick Fair, Market, or elsewhere 5 nor to prevent any Cooper, Glazier, Plumber, Tinker, 'or Manufacture; Harness Maker from going about in order to exercise their proper Trades, or from carrying with him or nor Tinkers, &c. them necessary Materials for exercising the fame; nor to prohibit any Person or Persons from carrying about from travelling manufactured or unmanufactured Wool, Woollen, or Worded Goods, or from exposing the same to Sale Yr*r.cifc lhcAf in any Fair, Market, or other Place; nor to prohibit or restrain any Person or Persons from felling or exposing*,

to Sale in any Place or Places whatsoever any Flax, Tow, Hemp, Flaxen Yarn, or Thread, or any Ma* HUi^Wvolor nufacture or Article made in Ireland of Flax or of Cotton, or of both or either mixed or unmixed; so as such Woollen Goods, Person or Persons shall not at the same Time carry or expose to Sale any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize/ or Flax, nni other than such as they are hereby allowed to carry and expose to Sale respectively. Linen Goods.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or Act shall not be construed to extend to give any Power for licensing any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman to fell or exprejudice pose to Sale any Wares or Merchandize in any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Market Town in Ireland* Corporations, otherwise than such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman might have done before the making of this Act;

-any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with (lauding.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall convey Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in respect Persons felling whereof Pedlars or Petty Chapmen would, under the Provisions of vhia Act or the feud recited Act, require elf*uhereih»n

4£ Geo. lir., 3N to Within lUcu

45

& C. 52.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

own

ec. deemed H^wkeis.

Separate

Lccnces for LIII'»g PUtc, and for every Servant and Horle.

to be licensed, and fell and expose the same in Shops, Rooms, Warehouses, or other Places in Cities, Towns, and Places where they are not usually resident; and all Persons who shall carry and convey such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise to publick Streets and Places in Cities, Towns Corporate, and other Placesin Ireland, where they respectively rcTide, not adjoining to their Dwelling Houses or other Apartments, and fell and expose the same to Sale upon Stalls, Stands, Sheds, Booths, Bulks* or ether Places; and all Persons under the Denomination of Leather Sellers or Leather Cutters, who hawk about from Town to Town, or sell or expose in Cities or Towns Corporate, and in Fairs, Markets, or other Places, any Parcel or Parcels of Leatherin' Booths, Stalls, Standings, or otherwise; and all Persons who shall, in any Place iir Ireland) except in the City of Dublin or within Five Miles thereof, hawk about old Clothes, or sell or expose to Sale old Clothes in any Stall, Shed, Booth, Shop, or other Place, shall be deemed Hawkers, Pedlars, ' or Petty Chapmen withirr the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act; and shall be subject and liable to act and every the Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures respecting Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen, Contained'in the said recited Act or this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, whe shall sell or expose to Sale any Gold or Silver Plate, shall take out, iiv Manner aforesaid, a separate and distinct Licence for so doing 5 and every Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman shall take out a separate and distinct Licence for each and every Person who shall be employed, whether Servant or other Person, in Company or otherwise, with such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, to carry any Boxes, Bundles, or Parcels of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize separate or distinct for the Purposes of felling or trading with the fame; and also that every Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman subject to a Licence for an Horse or Beast or Bealls of Burthen, shall take out and pay for a separate and distinct Horse Licence-for each Horse or other Bead of Burthen; and every Person, whether Servant or otherwise, for whom a separate and distinct Foot Licence shall not be taken out rm Manner aforesaid 5 and every Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman wjio shall not take out a separate Licence for felling or exposing to Sale Gold or Silver Plate, or a separate Horse Licence, with such Stamp thereon at is required, for each and ev^ry Horse or Beast of Burthen which he or she shall make use of or drive, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted upon Hawkers, Pedlar and Petty Chapmen, and others trading without Licence.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who shall carry about any Pbts or Griddlet made of Cast Iron or Call Metal, or shall expose the same to Sale in any Fair, Market, or other Placer

___f, ___e. (so as such Person shall not at the same Time carry or expose to Sale other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

having more ch in than such Pots and Griddles), shall be subject, for nis or her Licence, to a greater or higher Stamp Duty tha One Horse. Forty Shillings, though such Person or Persons shall or may travel with One or more Horse or Horses or other Beast or Beasts of Burthen.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no more Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall, by virtue of this Act, be hawked about for Sale as aforesaid, than One hundred Weight for each Foot Licence, nor than Eight hundred Weight for each Horse or other Beast of Burthen Licence, any Thing herein, contained to the-Contrary notwithstanding 5 and that if any Person shall respectively carry or cause to be carried more than the foregjoingrcspective Weights, such Person shall forfeit for each Hundred Weight, eiceeding the above, the Sum of Twenty-eight Shillings, and so in Proportion for auy lesser Quantity.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Pletty Chapman, or other trading Person shall be lent to any Person, or uied by any Person other than the Person to whom the same shall be granted, such Licence from thenceforth shall be void and of no Eftest, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize found in the Possession of the Person using the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any' Just ice of the Peace or any Officer of Excise or Stamps.

XV. And whereas it is by the said recited Act of the present Session of ParEament enacted^ that any 1 Person or Persons who shall use, exercise, or follow any Trade, Business, Occupation, or other Calling, on the Licence for using, exercising, or following whereof a Stamp Duty is payable, without having pre-

vioufiy taken out such Licence, mall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Forfeiture may in many Instances be too great; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted, upon the View of such Justice, nr by the Information of any one credible Witness upon Oath, to fine such Person so offending in any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds norless than Five Pounds, and to levy the same, in case of Non-payment thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender: Provided always, that no Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information for the said Offence shall be depending at the Time 5 and provided also, that after any such Adjudication by a Justice of the Peace, no Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information shall be brought for the said Offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to any Person to fell Spirits in Quantities not less than Two Gallons, shall be grauted in like Manner as Licences to Factors, or Persons not being Distiller*, fellirrg Spirits on Commission 5 provided that no such Licence shall be granted, unless the Person or Persons applying for the same shall have entered into Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Two Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds each, approved of by the Person issuing such Licence, and which Bond the Person ifilling such Licence is hereby empowered to takfe for the Use or His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that such Person so to be licensed shall not knowingly receive or fell, or permit to be received or sold for his or her Use or Benefit, any Spirits which shall not have paid the full Duties chargeable thereon, or knowingly fell or deliver any Spirits to any Person selling Spirits by Retail, unless such Person shall be duly licensed thereto.

Penalties, See. shall be payable in British Currency, and recovered as unde? Irish Excise Act, 14 and 15 C 2 c. 8.

fee. with like Remedy of Appeal, §17. — Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds may be recovered before Ore

4 " Justice,

Traveners'with M eta 1 Goods liable only 10 40s. Ddty, thuifgh

E$ch Foot L cence (kali extend only to One HundredWeightf and a Horse Licence to Eight Hundred Weight.

Penalty on lend* ang Licence, Korfciture of JLicence and Oocda.

Penalty of tool, under 45 G. 3. c. ao. f. to.'on itrdicensed persons, may he mit igated by One Justice to xeJ.

Licence to Whole file l>eal*rs in spirits.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 53. 459

u Justice. — Penalties above Tea Pounds may be recovered at Suit of any Person by Civil Bill, / &e. j u Proceedings of Justices not removeable by Certiorari, J 19."

for Form of these latter Clauses, 45^ G. 3. c. 53. §63, 64, 65.j

CAP. LIII.

An A EL for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster.

[27th June 1805.]

TfORthe better collecting and securing His Majesty's Revenue payable upon Malt made in IrelandV be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every rerson keeping any Malthouse, and making Malt for Sale, and every Brewer or DilViller Mjitfter* vr making Malt in Ireland, shall yearly, before such Person shall commence making Malt, take out a Licence Brewer* making duly damped according to Law for so doing from the Commissioners of Inland Excise in Ireland, or some Md, t talw Person or Persons appointed by such Commissioners for that Purpose, for each and every Cistern or Kiln in f^nf'comraif-each and every Malthouse which such Person shall have or keep, which Licence shall be in force until the ^oaert of Excise#' Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof; and that every Person making Malt for Sale, and every Brewer and .Distiller making Malt without having taken out such Licence, or without having a Licence for that Purpose of force, Audi for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as is provided by an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act 45 G. 3. c. 1*. for granftqg to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties, in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That Persons in Partnership, canying on the Bufinefb of making Licence

Malt, shall not be obliged to take out more than One such Licence for the lame Malthouse, Cillern, or Kiln;

and that no Licence shall authorize or empower any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted on'Jy to{, e

to make Malt in any other Malthouse or Place than the Malthouse or Place which shall be described in mentioned in the such Licence.; Licence.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring any such Licence shall, before such Licence M«irfter frail shall be granted, make out, sign, and deliver a Return or Account in Writing to the Collector of the District Return of in which the Malthouse of such Person shall be situated, specifying and describing therein the Name a ad Place JJJ* kfihnoafr, of Abode of such Person, and the Place where such Malthouse is situated 5 and also the several Steeps, Cif ^do^her Uic»-terns. Couch Frames, Uting Vats, and other Vessels and Utenfds in such Malthouse, and the Kiln or Kilns fiis before ub-therein, and the several Floors belonging to such Malthouse, with the Number of square Feet contained in each uiniag Licence, and every Floor or Kiln in such Mutnoufe, and the Number of Cubic Feet contained in each Steep, Cillern,

Couch Frame, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil for malting Corn, and the Quantity of Barley which each such Steep, Cistern, Couch Frame, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or UtenGl shall be capable of containing, and also the several Malt and other Stores, and the Lofts and Rooms therein belonging to such Person; and every such Person shall cause to be painted with Oil Colour in black upon a white or lignt-coloured Ground, or in white upon a black or dark Ground, on the Outside of the Door of every such Store or other Place wherein Malt shall be kept or llored, in legible Letters and Figures, at least Three Inches in Length, the Words u Malt Store, " and the Number thereof, beginning with Number One; and every Collector who shall receive such Return or Account shall register the fame, without Fee or Reward, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose 5 and if any Malt, exceeding Two Barrels, shall be found in any Store, or in any Loft or Room therein, upon the Door of which such Letters and Figures as aforesaid shall not be and remain so painted and legible as aforesaid, the Person or Persons in whose Store, Loft, or Room the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Dimensions of any Floor in any Malthouse of which such rena, ry »>n Return or Account shall have been so made as aforesaid, shall exceed by Eighty square Feet the Number of

square Feet which shall have been mentioned in such Return or Account as being the Dimensions of such Floor, turned*' the Maltster or Person who shall have made such Return shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a new and correct Return shall be forthwith given by such Maltster or other Person.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Proportionate Sale, Brewer, or Distiller, to make Malt in any Malthouse which shall contain more than One Steep or Cistern

for the lleeping or wetting of Corn} or the growing, working, or drying Floor or Floors in which shall not ciflern, Growing

contain Two thousand six hundred square Feet in the Whole at the least; or the Kiln Floor or Floors in Floor, kiln

which shall not contain Three hundred and twenty-four square Feet in the Whole at least; nor unless the Steep Floor, and

or Cistern in any such Malthouse in Dublin, or any other Place in Ireland, where the Maltster is under this Coucs Frame.

Ad to be charged with Sixty-four Barrels of Malt in the Year for every One hundred square Feet of growing,

working, or drying Floor, shall be of Dimensions sufficient to contain not less than Four Bushels and a Half

of Barley at the least, for every One hundred square Feet of growing, Working, or drying Floor or Floof*

in such Malthouse $ nor unless the Steep or Cistern in such Malthouse, if in any other Place in Ireland, shall be of Dimensions sufficient to contain not less than Four Bushels of Barley at the least for every One hundred

such square Feet; nor shall any Licence be granted to make Malt in any Malthouse, unless there shall be a

square Couch Frame for every Steep or Cistern therein, ' of the Depth of Two Feet at the least, and not

more than Three Feet, and capable of receiving the same Quantity of Grain as the Steep or Cistern to which

h belongs, and no more; nor unless such Couch Frame shall be constructed of Materials of such Strength as

jhatl be sufficient to oreferve the Dimensions of such Couch Frame when charged with Grain; nor unless such

Couch Frame, or such Part thereof as shall be constructed of Wood shall be of the Substance of One Inch

at least in Thickness, and braced on the Outside at every Three Feet in Length with a Ledge of Wood Six

3 N 2 Inclief

4&> C. 5 3.

4S« GEORGII III.

A.D. 18So

Kiln Floors for Malt to be used in making Porter.

Licerce for fmailer Malt-kyufes.

Persons licenced ft all enter into Bond.

Minors made liable.

Licerce taken for Malthouse not used by P^rty licensed, shall be void; Penalty 20l. Commissioners may refute r revoke Licences.

Penalty on Persons having Citterns, &. not rendered, 20l.

Notice to Officer «of enlarging Citterns, Kilns, &c.

FenaJty 20l.

Corn malting found in un-licensed Places forfeited, and 40s. per ii-fliel.

Officers empowered to enter Pr nrifes of Maltsters and lake Accounts.

Inches in Breadth, and One Inch thick at the least; nor unless such Couch Frame shall be erected, fixed, and fecuned in such Manner, as that the Officers of Excise may take an Area thereof; and if any Licence shall be granted to any Person to make Malt in any Malthouse contrary to the aforesaid Regulations, such Licence is hereby declared to be null and void, and every Person making Malt in such Malthouse shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Floor of the Kiln of any Malthouse shall be covered with Iron Wire or Iron Plates, for the Purpose of making or preparing Malt for brewing Pbrtei*, a Licence may be granted to make Malt therein, although it shall not contain a Number of square Feet of Kiln Floor after the Rate aforesaid, in case it shall appeal* to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, that the Malt to be made therein is to be used in brewing Porter, and not otherwise: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt in any Malthouse which may have been erected previous to the passing of this Act, the growing, working, or drying Floors in which shall contain less than Two thousand six hundred square Feet, and not less than One thousand square Feet, and the Kiln Floor or Floors of which shall be in the foregoing Proportion to the working or drying Floor therein, that is to say, in the Proportion of Three hundred and twenty-four to Two thousand six hundred, and to grant a Licence for more than One Ciftem in any Malthouse which shall contain upwards of tT^o thousand six hundred square Feet of growing or drying Floors, in case it shall seem expedient to the said Comrr.iflioners so to do, upon special Application made, and sufficient Reason assigned to them for such Purpose3 respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons for making of Malt, unless the Person or Persons requiring the same shall, with Two sufficient Sureties, have entered into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty of Twenty-five Pounds for every One hundred Feet square contained in the working and drying Floor or Floors in each and every Malthouse to be kept by such Person or Persons, conditioned that such Person or Persons shall duly pay all Duties for all such. Quantities of Malt as such Person or Persons shall make in his, her, or their respective Malthouses; and also for all such Quantities of Malt a9 by Law such Person or Persons is or are or shall be chargeable with during the Time such Licence shall be of force.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, in whose Name or for whose Use or Benefit any Malthouse shall be managed or carried on, and such Person shall be liable to all Duties of Excise on Account of such Malthouse, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if such Person were adult and of full Age.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take out a Licence for any Malthouse in which the Trade of a Maltster shall not, during the Continuance of such Licence, be carried on in the Name or Names, and for the Benefit and Advantage of such Person or Persons, such Licence shall be void, and the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted, and every Person interested in the Profit of such Malthouse, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, in their Difcl*etion, to refuse to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons to make Malt, and also to withdraw any such Licence in case such Person so licensed shall have been convicted of any Fraud or Offence against the Laws which shall subject such Person to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds or upwards; and it shall and may also be lawful for such Commissioners of Excise to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person to make Malt in any Malthouse which shall have been so occupied by any Person so convicted: Provided always, that every Refusal be laid before the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Irclandy and by them, or any Three of them, approved and confirmed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have or keep or make use of any Steep, Ciflem, Uting Vat, Utensil, or other Vessel, for the wetting or sleeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, or any Couch Frame, or any growing or working Floor, or any Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place for making or keeping of Malt, or keeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, not set forth, or in any other Place than shall be set forth in the Account by this Act required to be made and delivered by any faca Maltster or Maker of Malt; or shall alter or enlarge such Steep, Ciftem, Uting Vat, Utensil, or other Vessel, or any Couch Frame, Floor, Kiln, Rqom, or other Place, without having given Six Days Notice in Writing to the Collector or other superior Officer of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse, and without an Account thereof being made and delivered 111 Manner aforesaid, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Steep, Ciilcrn, Uting Vat, Utensil, or other Vessel, Couch Frame, Floor, Kiln, Room, or other Place, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain making into Malt, or any Corn or Grain sleeping or wetted, shall be found] in any Place whatsoever Hot licensed or registered pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, or if any Corn or Grain shall be found {leeping or deeped in any Place except in so^ie Cistern or Uting Vat in any Malthouse licensed or registered under this Act, or if any Corn or Grain shall be wetted or sprinkled with Water in the Couch Frame or on the Floor, all such Corn or Grain, together witlTany Vessels or Packages in which such Corn or Grain may be found, shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, to enter into every House, Maltinghouse, Kiln, Store, Mill, and other Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, or by any Person dealing in Cojrn or Malt as a Fador or otherwise, or by any Common Brewer, Distiller, or Vinegar Maker,

1 making

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 53. 461

making or using Malt, or by any other Person making Malt, whose Malthouse shall hare been licensed or registered as herein is directed, or by any publick Miller grinding Malt, and to gauge, measure, weigh, or otherwise take an Account of all Malt, and of all Steeps, Ci Items, Uting Vats, Utensils, or other Vessels for wetting or ileeping Corn or Grain for making Malt, and of all such Corn or Grain which shall be found wetting or ftceping, or shall have been wetted or deeped, as shall be ia any such Hous?>, Malthouse, Kiln, Store, Mill, or other Place whatsoever, and to make Returns thereof in Manner herein after mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise, or his Ashstants, shall be hindered, Penalty on obstructed, or prevented by any Maltster or by any other Person making or having Malt in his or her Possession, M iltfter or other whether for Sale or for private Use, or by any Servant or Person asting in the Employment of such Maltster, or, >Cl

such other Person from entering into any House, Malthouse, Kiln, Store, Mill, or other Place whatsoever; or 108 cers> 20 '

if any such Officer or his Affidants, having entered, shall be hindered, obftmfted, or prevented by such Maltster,

or other Person, or by any Servant or Person, acting in the Employment of such Maltster or other Person,

from measuring, computing, or taking an Account of such Malt, or from gauging any Steep, Cidern, Uting

Vat, Utensil, or other Vessel, or from gauging and taking an Account of all Corn or Grain in any fu<h

Steep, Cidern, Uting Vat, Utensil, or other Vessel, or which shall have been deeped or wetted, and shall be

on any Floor or other Place, or from doing any Part of his Duty in the Execution of this Act or of any other Act which may be in force in Ireland respecting Maltders and Makers of Malt, or Persons having Malt

in their Possession, every such Maltster, or every such other Person making or having Malt in his Possession, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept condantly fixed in the Malthouse of every Fumifliing Maltster or Maker of Malt, Stairs or Steps to every Floor, Loft, or other Place, belonging to every such Officer wirh.Malthouse which shall be used for keeping Malt, or Corn or Grain making into Malt, sufficient to enable any Lauder* and Officer of Excise who shall enter such Malthouse, at all Times, to have convenient and easy Access to the ^hls> Pentt* several Lofts, Stores, Floors, and other Places belonging to every such Malthouse $ and every such Officer shall

on Demand at such Malthouse be furnished with Lights diffident to enable him to view, gauge, and take an Account of all Malt and Com, or Grain making into Malt in such Malthouse, and in every Floor, Loft, Store, or other Place therein; and for every Neglect or Default in either of the said Cases, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in the Malthouse of every Maltster or Maker of Providing a: Malt, convenient to the Couch Frame therein, a Rake or Scraper, to be provided at the Expence of such or Scraper Maltster or Maker of Malt, sufficient to level the Corn or Grain therein, in order to enable the Officer to gauge ||JeCouchFram? the same accurately; and if any Officer of Excise shall not on Demand be furnished with such Rake or Scraper, penairy i0l.9such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or any Factor or Dealer in Furniffiing Malt, shall refuse or neglect to furnish any Officer of Excise, on Demand made by such Officer, with a sufficient Shovel* and Number of Persons provided with Shovels or other sufficient Indruments for levelling all Malt to be gauged

by such Officer, or mail neglect or refuse to cause such Pe'rfons to level the fame, and to leave sufficient Head xo]# y

Room or Space between the Ceiling or Roof of any Store or Room, and the Surface of the Malt therein, so as to enable such Officer to take a correct Gauge thereof with Convenience, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Factor or Dealer in Malt, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a further Sum of Ten Pounds for every Hour during which such Malt (Hall continue so unlevelled.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Monies arising by the Sale of any Malt, or of Corn Officer* entitled or Grain making into Malt, and of the Sacks in which the lame shall or may be contained, which, by any of Produce of the Provisions of this Act, shall bfe forfeited, shall be given to any other Person or Persons than to the Officers respectively who shall seize the fame, deducting the Duty chargeable thereon; any Thing herein contained to u in* u the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise in Ireland shall, directly or mdirectly, ask, Officers taking take, or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, for the Neglect or Non-performance of his Bribes decided Duty under this Act, every such Officer so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor,u: ltF of

and such Officer shall and may be indicted for such Offence either at the Assizes or Quarter Sessions, held in (^caniicitMcd. the County in which such Offence fnnll be committed, and in case any Indictment shall Ije found at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions against such Officer, lie shall plead thereto, without having Time to trayerfe the fame; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Officer shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment on such Officer as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland\ be infiifted on Persons

Suiltv of Misdemeanors \ and such Officer, so convicted, find! thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever. Civil or Military, under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, and every Brewer or M.iltften (Hair Distiller making Malt in Ireland, shall, before commencing to work in any Malthouse, by wetting or ileeping f»ve Si* Days any Corn or Grain, or otherwise, in any Year, and so in like Manner before recommencing to work after any 5fTnces for Discontinuance in such Year as herein after mentioned, give Six Days Notice in Writing to the Collector of mcncinB<or COm* the Distnft, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, tecoalnfencing

letting forth the Day and Hour when such Maltster or Maker of Malt intends to commence or recommence Work, Penalty

lo to work as is herein after mentioned; and any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall make any Come#L

pr Grain into Malt, or shall wet or ftcep any Corn or Grain for making the same into-Malt, or shall have any

Corn or Grain in Process of making into Malt, without having given such respective Notices in Manner herein* after mentioned, shall for each such Offence forfeit ar*d pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

463 C. S3- 45' GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Maltster* shall.XX. And be it further enacted, That no other Day shall be mentioned in fuob Notice than the Twenty-b»!8, n<KWirrlKon ^>ay ^ome Month in the Year, save and except only in the Month of September, of which Month the Month (except Thirtieth Day only shall be mentioned in any such Notice, and that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall Sept. 30) and commence or recommence working except on such Twenty-sixth or Thirtieth Days respectively; and that flull not difoon- every Malthouse shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work from the Day mentioned iq any Notice so to tlnue without be given by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, for the commencing or recommencing to work, until such working Notice. shall ke discontinued in Manner herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt

may from Time to Time discontinue working on giving a Notice in Writing of his Intention so to discontinue working to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt Six Days at the lead previous to the Day mentioned therein for so discontinuing to work: Provided always, that the Day mentioned in such Notice for so discontinuing or ceaiing to work shall be the Twenty-fifth Day of some Month in the Year, and (tail not be k'fs than Two CalendL* Months distant from the Day mentioned in the Notice given by such Maltster or Maker of Malt for commencing to work in Manner aforesaid (except the Day mentioned in such Notice shall be the Twenty-fifth Day of November, in which case Notice thereof from the Twenty-ninth Day of September shall be deemed sufficient Notice), and not less than-One Calendar Month distant from the Day mentioned in any Notice, for recommencing to work in Manner aforesaid; and any Notice which shall be given contrary to the Directions herein-before mentioned and specified, shall be and is nereby declared to be null and void.

After Notice of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at the Time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall Discontinuance and may be lawful for any Excise Officer in charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, and officef shall^ bes hereb7 required to to the said Makhouse, and there to search and fee whether the working of such attend'to set that Malthouse is discontinued in pursuance of such Notice; and if such Officer shall be prevented from so doing rfu working is by any Person at such MalthouTe, or in consequence of the Malthouse being locked, and no Person appearing

discontinue'd. to give Entrance to such Officer, or otherwise, or if at any Time after the Day mentioned in such Notice of

Discontinuance, and before the Day mentioned in any Notice for recommencing to work, any Corn or Grain shall be found wetted or steeped in such Malthouse, or in the Process of being made into Malt (except under the Proviso t herein after mentioned) such Maltster shall continue to be charged with and pay Duty as if he had not given any

Notice of Discontinuance; and such Notice of Discontinuance shall be deemed void and of no Effect.

Amount of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall, between the Twenty-

yearly Charge on ninth Day of September in every Year, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September following, during the Continuance MaIt(tcjJojwry of Licence of such Maltf ter or Maker of Malt, be charged with and pay Duty of Excise for a Quantity

6f dryin^FloorL Malt, after the Rate of a certain Number of Barrels of Malt for every One hundred Feet square of working or drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthouse in which such Maltster or*In Dublin, Stc. Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Malt; that is to say, every Maltster or Maker of Malt whose Malt-64 Barrel*. house shall be situate in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis, or within the Cities of Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, 6r within the Liberties of any of the said Cities, or in the Town of Belfast, or within One Mile thereof, or of the publick Lamps therein, shall, in respect of such Malthouse, be charged within such Period after the Rate of Sixty-four Barrelsn the Country of Malt for every One hundred such square Feet; and every Maltster or Maker of Malt, whose Malthouse 4$ Barrels. shall be situate in any other Place in Ireland, shall, in respect of such Malthouse, be charged within such Period after the Rate of Forty-eight Barrels of Malt for every One hundred such square Feet, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of square Feet; and also for as much more Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall actually make within the said Period.

Charge of such

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charge of such yearly Duty of Sixty-four Barrels and Forty-Duty by Eight eight Barrels respectively, shall be made in Manner following, that is to say; every such Maltster or Maker of mldc0* shall he charged for not less than Eight Calendar Months in every Year, and for every such Calendar

the Oihccr; Month such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged with and pay Duty for Eight Barrels of Malt or Six Barrels of Malt respectively, being One Eighth Part of the said respective Quantities of Sixty-four Barrels of.Malt and Forty-eight Barrels of Malt as aforesaid, for every One hundred square Feet of such working or and also for a drying Floor or Floors, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of square Feet; and every Maltster or furtfcei<Quantity, Maker of Malt, shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be also changed with and pay Duty according to for as much more Malt as could be produced, after the Rates in this Act mentioned, from any Corn or Grain Corn actually actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within every such Period of One Calendar Month: And vcltc*the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of the Malthouse of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall within Ten

Days after the Expiration of the first Period of One Calendar Month next after the Day mentioned m any Notice for the commencing or Recommencement of the working of any Malthouse in hjauher fiirested by this Act, and so in like Manner within Ten Days after the Expiration of every other or subsequent Period of One Calendar Month while such Malthouse shall Continue working, or shall he presumed 'to continue working, or shall be chargeable as continuing to work, make a Return to the Collector of the District of the Quantities of Malt with which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is hereby chargeable for such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duties thereon, and also of such further Quantity of Malt as might "be produced after the Rates in this Act mentioned, from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by Copy of Officer* such Maltster in such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duty thereon 5 and every such Officer shall Return, Penalty and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of fych Return in Writing under his Hand with every such Maltster or Make* of Malt, or at such Malthouse, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in so doing, and such Return of such Officer shall be a Charge upon every such Maltster or "Maker of Malt for such Calendar Mouth: And such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, within Thirty-one Days after the fend of the

Month

Payment £y

Mal/iler

Won; Ulyf

I

A.D. 18c>5- 45° GEORGII III. C.J3. 463

Month for tvftfch such Return and Charge shall have Been made, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed Penalty 2ol and from the Malthouse or Place wltene the same shall have been made or kept, in which Case the said Duties Duty,

shall be paid for all such Malt as shall be intended to be removed, before any Permit for removing, carrying, or conveying the same shall be granted; and every Maltster' or Maker of Malt shall for every Default in Payment 2^ $Cf>r^vof any such Duty, forfeit, Twenty Pounds together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Duty so 251b October returned and charged: Provided always, that the Time between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the deemed One Twenty-fifth Day of October shall be deemed a Calendar Month within the Meaning of this Act. Month.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall, under the proper Hand Monthly Returns of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or under the proper Hand of some Person for whom such Maltster or Payment* by Maker of Malt shall be responsible, within Ten Days alter the Expiration of every such Month, at the Excise penalty^iol. and Office of the District in which the Malthouse of such' Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situate, make true Double Duty. Eutry of the Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is under this Act chargeable with

Duty for the Month next preceding, and shall within Twenty-one Days next after making such Entry, pay and

dear off the Whole of the Duty payable for such Quantity of Malt, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds

for every Omission, Neglect, or Default of such Entry or Payment, together'with a Sum equal to double the

Duty which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall by Law be chargeable with for such Month: Provided No Malt to br

always, that if any Malt shall be removed from the Malthouse or Place where the same shall have been made amoved b^orc'.

or kept before the Expiration of the said respective Periods of Ten Days or Twenty-one Days, all Duties due 0

and payable for the same shall be fully paid and satisfied before any Permit for removing or conveying the fame

shall be granted.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any In case of Officer of Excise and any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, touching the Amount of Duty charged by the fj^cer,

Return of such Officer upon such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for or in respect of such Quantity of Malt, Rerurn^by °U# pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify by Affidavit made before the Collector of the District, or Affidavit some Justice of the Peace, that such Return made by him is true and fair according to the bed of his Skill

and Knowledge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charge upon such Maltster or Mriker of Mak disputing the fame: Provided always, that no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be allowed to controvert or dispute any MaUfteriballnor* Return or Charge of Duty made by any Officer, unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have made a-di*P"tc CharSc regular Monthly Return of the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, and paid the "na^f^.

Duty chargeable on the fame, and shall in such his Monthly Return have made his Objection to the Return Return, and paid": or Charge of such Officer. Duty.

XXVI. Provided always, rind be it enacted, That the Payment by any Maltster or Maker of Malt of any Payment by Sum of Money less than the Amount of Duty returned or to be returned by any Officer of Excise to be Maltster of Hi* payable by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall not exempt such Maltster or Maker of Malt from the j!*" ^lcu^rtf, L Payment of the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer and the Sum so paidf h|m frQ^Pay^ By such Maltster or Maker of Malt y and that if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not pay such Difference ment according*within the Time limited for Payment of the Duty on Malt, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every to the Officer'* Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Difference between the Amount Rfflurn»

of Duty so returned by such Officer and the Sum so paid by such Maltster or Maker of Malt. Peaalgriol.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Malt charged upon any Maltster or Charge of Maker of Malt in any one Year, ending on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, shall not amount* to the full Officer* to mato* Quantity of Sixty-four Barrels of Malt, or Forty-eight Barrels of Malt respectively, for which such Maltfteif Amuuau

or Maker or Malt is by this Act chargeable with Duty within any Year, according to the Rates aforesaid, th

Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Malthouse of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall within Twenty*

Days after such Twenty-ninth Day of September make a Return to the Collector of the District in which such Malthouse shall be situate, of such Quantity of Malt, and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprized' in former Returns of Malt against such Maltster or Maker of Malt in the Year ending on such Twentyvnintft Day of September shall amoiMt to the full Quantity of Sixty-four Barrels of Malt or Forty-eight Barrels of Malt* nefpedrvely for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is by this Act made chargeable with Duty, according t<y the Rates aforesaid 5 and such Return shall be a Charge on such Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall Daw Penalty on Non-the Duties appearing by such Return to have been incurred and become due within One Month after men* P^ynKnr,©i. Rejtum, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Doubler &c* the Amount of the Duties which shall be so returned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall on the Twenty-fifth Dap Com in Pfoceft of September in any Year, or on the Day mentioned in any Notice for discontinuing to* work in Manner^aforesaid, have act, Corn or Grain on any Floor or Floors in the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt* Sixteen in Ptocefs of Malting, or being made into Malt, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt D «ys after the to proceed in completing the Process of making such Corn or Grain into Malt, until such Malt is dried off: Twenty.fifth Provided always, that fetch Process shall be completed within Sixteen Days aftei the said Twenty-fifth Day of

September or after the Day mentioned for discontinuing working in any such Notice, as the Case may be* and afre? Notice °uf that no such Corn or Grain shall be or shall have been wetted on or after the Twenty-third Day of September^ or Disconiinuance..on or after the Day on which any such Notice of Discontinuance shall have been given to any Officer as aforesaid, as*the Case may be; and that such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be subject and liable to all other Regulations in this Act contained with respect to which Malt, and with respect to any Charge of Duty on the feme, as such Mhltfter or Maker of Malt would have been in case the Process of making such Malt had been completed before such Twenty-fifth Day of September, or before the .Day mentioned for discontinuing working, in such Notice, ' as the Case may be.

XXIX. And I

44

For amending Errors in Officer* Returns, and relieving or furchatging accordingly,

Penalty on Nonpayment of Surcharge, iol. and Double Duty.

Commissioners may grant Abatement of Duty on Malt in respect of any Mulrhouf? licensed after iff November in any Year.

Notice of D> (con* nuance of woiki' g fur the whole Remainder of the Year, may be giveii by Malt lir r, and be may discontinue accordingly.

Pena'fy on Malrttrr working after Notice of Disconrinuance, 2001. See.

CommifTon'rs may g^ant Abatement of Duty in cale of Accident.

Cy$p 4^ GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall have at airy Time committed any Error in any Return to be made by him under this Act, by including or charging in such Return a greater or less Quantity of Malt, or a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to have been returned or charged by him against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, or for the Examinator of the Account of such Officer* and they are hereby respectively required, to rectify the same as speedily'asmay be convenient, within Six Months after such Return shall have been made, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Excise; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Maltster or Maker of Malt was greater than the same ought to have been* it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to make an Allowance forthwith to such Maltster or Maker of Malt of the Amount of Duty so overcharged; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Malt, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, was less than the same ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Maltster or Maker of Malt, of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in confluence of such erroneous "Return; and if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not within One Month after such Notice {hew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Excise why such Charge shotild not be made, and such Deficiency paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the District in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall relide, of the Amount of such Deficiency, and the Duty specified on such Return shall be a Surcharge on such Maltster or Maker of Malt; and if such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not upon Demand pay the full Amount of such Duty so surcharged, or such Part thereof as shall be established by the said Commissioners, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and surcharged; provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Maltster or Maker of Malt, unless it shall have been made, and the Amount thereof demanded, within Nine Months after the Date of the original Return.

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be desirous of obtaining a Licence for any Malthouse, at aay Time between the First Day of November in any Year and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year, it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners of Excise -to reduce the Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is by this Act chargeable with Duty for and in respect of such Malthouse respectively, during the Continuance of such Licence, to such Quantity of Malt as may reasonably be made in such Malthouse between the Time that such Licence shall be so granted and the Twenty-ninth Day of September then next ensuing; provided that such Deduction shall be in the Proportion to the Part of the Year which shall have elapsed from the Twenty-ninth Day of September preceding the taking out of such Licence to the Time of taking out the same as Eight Calendar Months are to Twelve Calendar Months, and that the Person taking out any Licence for such Malthouse, shall in all other respects be subject and liable to all other Rules and Regulations in this Act contained.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be desirous to discontinue working for the Remainder of any Year, at the End of the Period of Two Calendar Months in the Year after he shall have commenced working, or at the End of any Period of One Calendar Month after such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have recommenced working in Manner aforesaid respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt to discontinue working accordingly, on giving a Notice in Writing of his Intention so to discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, to the Commissioners of Excise, and also to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned in such Notice for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year; and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Four of them, upon Application to them made by any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for, that Purpose, to declare the Licence granted to such Maltster or Maker of Malt to be ended and determined from and after the Day mentioned for To discontinuing working, and the same shall be ended and determined accordingly; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce the Quantity of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is by this Act chargeable with Duty during the Continuance of such Licence, to such Quantity of Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall by this Act be chargeable with Duty for during so many Calendar Months only as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall have aftuaffy continued working* together with such further Quantity of Malt as could be made from any Corn or Grain rftually steeped or wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt during such Months, according to the Rates in this Act specified 5 and if at any Time after the Day mentioned in any such Notice of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year, any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall wet any Corn or Grain, or if after the Expiration of Sixteen Days after the Day mentioned for fp discontinuing to work, any Corn or Grain shall be found wetted or steeped, or in the Process of making into Malt, in the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be chargeable and charged with, and pay Duty under this Act, as if he had not given such Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to license any Person to keep the said Malthouse, or to make Malt for Sale therein, or to use any Ciflern or Kiln contained in such Malthouse for the Remainder of such Year, nor during the Term of One Year next ensuing the Twenty-ninth Day of September after such Offence shall be committed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Three Commissioners of Excise to reduce or abate the Quantity of Malt wherewith any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be chargeable in the Year by virtue of this Act, according to the Number of Calendar Months as aforesaid, upon Proof u^on Oath to the Satisfaction of the said Con.ntissioners, that some Fatality, such as Fire, or any other unavoidable

Accident

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 53.

Accident or Misfortune, shall have prevented such Mai tiler or Maker of Malt from working such Number of Calendar Months, and also to make any proportionate Allowance to any Maltster or Maker of Malt out of the Duties on Malt, in consideration of any Damage or Loss by Fire, Water, or other Fatality or unavoidable Accident, by which the Whole or any Part of any Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt may have been damaged or destroyedj Provided always, that such Reduction, Abatement, or Allowance, be in all Cases tirfl approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland; and that no such Reduction, Abatement, or Allowance, shall be made to any Person who shall have made any Insurance against Loss to be sustained by any such Accident, without regard being had to the Amount receivable under such Insurance.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt, whose Malthouse shall be situated in a City or the Suburbs of a City, or in any Place within One Mile of the Residence appointed for a Gauger by the said Commissioners of Iuland Excise, shall at lead Twenty-four Hours before every Time of putting any Corn or Grain into any Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel used for the Purpose of ileeping or wetting of Corn or Grain, and every Maltster or Maker of Malt, whose Malthouse shall be situated in any other Place in Ireland, shall at lead Forty-eight Hours before so doing, give a Notice in Writing to the Gauger of the Walk in which such Malthouse shall be situated, of the particular Hour or Time of the Day when such Maltster or Maker of Malt intends to put such Coni or Grain -into such Cidern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel, and to begin to wet the same accordingly; and in case any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not begin to wet such Corn or Grain, and immediately proceed to cover the Whole thereof with Water at the Hour or Time mentioned in such Notice, or within Three Hours after the Expiration of such Hour and Time, then every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall give a new and like Notice before such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet any Corn or Grain; and no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet any Corn or Grain, except between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and if any Corn or Grain making into Malt, of the wetting of which any such Notice or renewed Notice as is herein before required shall not have been given, or which shall have been begun to be wetted at any other Time thaw between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, shall be found in any Malthouse, or on any Floor or other Place, belonging to any Maltster or Maker of Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt for every Time such Corn or Grain shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Poflnds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Officer in charge of any Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall provide such Maltster or Maker of Ma]$ with Books, containing printed Forms of Notices to be given of wetting Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, and such Notice shall set forth the Number of Bushels of Corn intended to be wetted, and the particular Hour and Time of the Day when the same is to be wetted, on each Leaf of which Book two Forms of such Notice, Duplicates of each other shall be printed; and every Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall be furnished with any such Book, shall before such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall proceed to wet any Corn or Grain, insert in the Blanks of such Form of Notice, and in the Duplicate thereof, such Words as the Form of such Notice shall require to render the lame perfect, and after signing the fame, shall cut olF the outermod Notice, and cause the same to be delivered to the Officer to whom the Notice of wetting such Corn or Grain is to be given as herein-before mentioned, and shall preserve the innermod Notice or Duplicate in the said Book, with the Blanks filled up, in the like Manner with that delivered to such Officer; and ever)' such Notice and Duplicate thereof shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One; and if any Corn or Grain making into Malt shall be found in any Malthouse, or in any Vessel or Utensil therein, the Notice of wetting of which shall not have been cut out of the said Book and served on the Officer of Excise, or if the same shall be cut out of the said Book and so served, and a Duplicate thereof shall not be kept in the said Book, or if the Duplicate thereof in the said Book shall not correspond with the Notice cut out of the fame, then and in any of such Cases such Corn or Grain shall be deemed to be the Corn or Grain making into Malt, wTetted without Notice; and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall condantly keep such Book of Notices in the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, for the Examination of every Officer of Excise, and if 0V1 Demand of any Officer of Excise at such Malthouse, the said Book shall not be produced to such Officer, or if such Officer shall not be permitted to inspect and examine, or shall be prevented by any Person from inspecting and examining the fame, such Maltster or Maker of Malt flia.II for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt who shall be furnished with such Book of printed Notices as aforesaid, shall, on every Twenty-fifth Day of December, Twenty fifth Day of March, Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twenty-ninth Day of September, or within Ten Days after each of the said Days, deliver to the Collector of the Didrift in which the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situated, the said Book, with all the Forms of the Notices which shall remain therein, and also the Duplicate of all such Notices as shall have been cut from the said Book, and served as aforesaid, or, in Default thereof, shall for every Neglect forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Papers, to be called Specimen Papers, shall be provided and furnished to every such Maltster or Maker of Malt by any Officer of Excise visiting the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, in order that every Officer of Excise may enter thereon his Visit, at such Malthouse, and the Gauges depending on such Visit, and every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, who shall from Time to Time be furnished with any such Specimen Paper shall cause the same to be fixed on a Board conveniently made for that Purpose, and to be hung or put up in such Malthouse in some publick and conspicuous Place, and shall preserve and keep the same so put up in such place according to the Direction of the ^Surveyor of the Walk for that Purpose in Writing on the Front of such Specimen Paper, and in such Manner

45 Geo. III. 3 O that

+65

Sul/jcrt to Approbation of the lieafuiy.

Notice of wetting Corn for M ilting, &c. Penalty, 50l.

Regulation* atto p- int.-d Forms of Notices in Bootes to he pres ided for the pQipose.

Penalty on Neglect, &c. tal.

Book mar Re inspe£Ud by Oftuers.

Pcn.iltv on ieful.il, job

Mnltfter shall delivei fi*eh Books qunrtcdy to the ColU'&or, Penalty, rol.

Specimen Papers shall be provided and used in Mahtaufo.

4^6

Penalty, to).

Inferring Date* of Norice in Specimen Papers, Penalty, 10 1*

Officers shall charge the Duty b* Gauge ouly according to the W inchester Kufhcl,

Penally, 20l.

Change on M tit (ter in certain

Proportions for the Content of {lie CiAern.

Com in Steep Ai^ll be kept covered with Water Foity Hours; unless under particular Notice for any Time not less than Thirty HoU>s; if not so kept Cu: > shall l*e charged as 7 Matt*

Corn shall be removed from CiAem within Seventy-two Houts.

Penalty, 20l.

Com thrown out of the CiAem shall remain Twe ny*f >ue Hours in Couch Tiarae, and Ten Days on Flours, Pcn.ilty 101.

Excise Officers m.»y t^ke Malt oulof the Couch»>e and lay it«Fhor.

C. 53. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

that any Officer of Excise vHiting such Malthouse may view such Specimen Paper, and make Entries thereon and if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall not put up or keep and preserve such Specimen Paper in Manner herein directed, unavoidable Accident excepted (of which Accident, Notice in Writing shall be served upon the Surveyor and Gauger of the Walk within Two Hours after the same shall have happened if such Malthouse shall be situated within any City or Market Town, and if such Malthouse shall not be situated-within any City or Market Town, then within Twelve Hours after such Accident shall have happened), suchv Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster or Maker of Malt fhalT, before serving any Notice of commencing to wet any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, insert in Writing in the said Specimen Paper the Date of such Notice, and the particular Time mentioned therein for wetting the Corn or Grain, together with the Quantity thereof to be wetted; or in Default thereof the Corn or Grain of the Notice, of wetting of which such Entry as aforesaid shall not be inserted in the said Specimen Paper, shall be deemed Corn or Grain wetted to be made into Malt without Notice, and shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise shall charge the Duty on all Malt, and on all Corn or Grain making into Malt, by the Gauge only, and that in gauging such Malt, Corn, or Grain, such Officer shall compute the Bushel thereof according to the Bushel known by the Name of the Urtncbcsler BuJbtU containing Eight Gallons of Two hundred and Seventy two cubical Inches and a Quarter each, and that Four such Bushels shall be accounted a Barrel; and if any such Officer shall charge any Duty on any such Malt, Com, or Grain, in any Manner other than by such Gauge, or shall enter in any Stock Book any Charge of Duty thereon, other than by such Gauge, such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Maltster and Maker of Malt shall for every Time any Quantity of Corn or Grain (except Peas or Beans) shall be wetted to be made into Malt, be charged with Duty for a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Sixteen Bushels of Malt for every Twenty Bushels of Corn which the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel in which such Corn or Grain shall be wetted shall be capable of containing, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Corn which such Steep or Cistern Hull be capable of containing; and that when any such Corn or Grain shall be thrown out of such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, or other. Vessel, and the same shall be gauged by the Officer within Thirty Hours after the same shall be so throavn out, such Maltster or Maker of Mult fnli in like Manner be charged with a Duty for a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Sixteen Bushels of Mali for every i v.ei.ty Bushels of in h Co.-n or Grain, mid so hr Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Corn or Grain.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt Thai! wet or fh-ep any Corn or

Grain in the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel. so as that the same shall be severed with Wat*, r, and

continue so covered in such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel, for the full Spaa cf Forty Hsurs before the Water shall be drawn fr»in the fame, such Mrdtfter or Maher of Malt shall be charged for a Quantity of Malt equal to the whole Quantity of such Corn: Provided always, that if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall intend to continue any inch Corn covered with Water for any Time less than Forty Hours, and not less than Thirty Hours, it shall and may be lawful for such Maltster or Maker of Malt so to do, on specifying such

his Intention in the Notice t6. he by him -given to the Officer of the wetting such Corn or Grain, and the

Number of Hours such Corn or Grain is to continue covered with Water; and in such Case such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for all Corn or Grain so wetted, and whic^h shall continue wetted, for any Space of Time less than Forty Hours, and not less than the Number of Honrs mentioned in such Notice, as if the same had continued wetted Forty Hours; and if any such Corn or Grain shall not be continued to be covered with Water for the Number of Hours in such Notice mentioned before the Water shall be drawn from the same, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for a Quantity of Malt equal to the whole Quantity of such Corn or Grain so wetted.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain shall be found in any Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Wetting Place, or other Utensil, in the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, after Seventy-two Hours from the Hour mentioned in any Notice for the wetting of such Corn or Grain in such Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Wetting Place, or other Utensil, such Corn or Grain shall be considered as new Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, and shall be charged with Double Duty; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain, making into Malt in the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall not immediately, or within Two Hours after the same shall be thrown out of any Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel, be put into a Couch Frame, and there remain Twenty-four Hours at least before it shall be thrown out of such Couch Frame; or if any such Corn or Grain, after the same shall be thrown out or ought to have been thrown out of such Couch" Frame, shall not remaimon the Floor or Floors for the full Space of Ten Days at the least before the same shall be put on the Kiln, then and in either such Cases such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIV. And, for the further and better preventing of Frauds by the pressing of Malt in the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, Or Couch Frame; be it further enacted, That if any Mrdtfter or Maker of Malt shall tread, prefer or otherwise force together in the Steep, Cistern, Uting Vat, or Couch Frame, any Corn or Grain llceping or steeped in order to be made into Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every such Offenee forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of Excise, by himself or by any Person or Persons by him employed for that Purpose, in the Presence of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or his, her, or their Servant (if such Maltster or Servant shall think fit to be present at such Operation) to throw or remove all Corn or Grain making into Malt from or out of any Couch Frame, and to toy the same level; and if asy Irxreafe shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain on

the

A.D. 18: 5. 4s* GEORGII III. C. J3.

the Removal and laying the same level as aforesaid, exceeding the Rate of One Bushel in every Twenty Buftels Over and above the Quantity which the lame appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in the Couch Frame or Cistern, then and in every such Case, Proof being made of such Increase as aforesaid, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings for each and every Bushel of such Corn or Grain contained in such Couch Frame: Provided always, that if no increase shall be found exceeding the Rate aforesaid, such Officer shall pay to e/ery Person employed in removing and replacing such Corn or Grain, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall mix or cause to'be mixed any Corn or Grain of one wetting or steeping, or any Part thereof, with any Corn or Grain making into Malt of any other wetting or steeping, or any Part thereof; or shall mix or cause to be mixed any Corn or Grain in any Couches or Floors, or any Part thereof, with any Corn or Grain of any other wetting or steeping, or any Part thereof, before the same shall be put on the Kiln for drying; and that no Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person whatsoever in Ireland\ shall mix or cause to be mixed any unmalted Com 6r Grain with Malt made of any Corn or Grain whatsoever, or shall feil or expose to Sale any such Mixtures respectively as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting in each and every such Case the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence respectively.

XLVI. And be it farther enabled. That if any Maltster or Make* of Malt, or other Person whatsoever, shall hide or conceal, or cause or permit or suffer to be hidden or concealed, any Malt within any Malthouse, or in any Store or Place thereto belonging, or in any other Place whatsoever; or shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure or permit or suffer to be conveyed away, any Malt out of any Mallhouse or Stores from the View of any Gauger or other Office*-, or shall cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Steep, Cistern, or Uting Vat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Sleeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, or shall mix such Corn or Grain making into Malt, or such Corn or Grain so conveyed away, with or amongst any other Corn or Grain making into Malt, or in any Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors, of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are then in Operation, and which shall have been gauged or charged with Duty; or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person whatsoever, shall fraudulently convey away or cause or procure or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Steep, Cistern, ' Uting Vat, or other wetting Place, any Steeping of Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Corn or Grain so conveyed away can be taken by the Officers; -or if any Person shall harbour, hide, or conceal any Malt, or any Corn or Grain making into Malt; then and in each of the said Cases every such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person so offending, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all such Malt, or Corn or Grain making into Malt with all Bags and Sacks containing the fame, shall be forfeited and may be seized; and if any Person haying Malt in his or her Possession, shall not on Demand made by any Officer of Excise shew all the Malt, or Com or Graiu making into Malt, in his, her, or their Possession, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Time such Person shall so conceal or not shew such Malt, or Corn or Grain making into Malt; and all Malt, or Cora or Grain making into Malt, which shall not be so shewn, or shall be so edneealed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer of Excise shall take any Gauge of any Corn or Grain making into Malt on the Floor of any Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, within the Space of Seventy two Hours after the Time such Corn or Grain was or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, such Officer shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt with a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Fifteen Bushels of Malt for every Twenty Bushels of Corn or Grain; and if such Gauge shall be taken after the Space of Seventy-two Hours, and within the Space of One hundred and twenty Hours after the Time such Corn or Grain was or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, such Officer shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt with a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Fourteen Bushels of Malt for every Twenty-one Bushels of Corn or Grain; and after the Space of One hundred and twenty Hours from the Time such Corn or Grain was or ought to have been thrown out of the Couch Frame, such Officer shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt with a Quantity of Malt after the Rate of Ten Bushels of Malt for every Twenty Bushels of such Corn or Grain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Com or Gram in any of the Cases aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Corn or Grain making into Malt shall not have been put on the Kiln wkhin Twenty-one Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the wetting thereof^ all such Corn or Grain shall be considered as Malt, and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse the feme shall be found shall be charged with Duty for the fame, after the Rate of one Bushel of Malt for every BusheL of fetch Corn or Grain; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of the Revenue shall grant any Permit for the Removal of any Malt from the Malthouse or Stores of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, unless such Maltster or Maker wf Malt shall produce to such Officer the Receipt of the Collector of the District in which such Mah shall have been made, for the Duty on such Mah, ner unless such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fuffei* such Officer to indorse on such Receipt the Quantity of Malt for which such Permit is required, and the Date of fudh Permit; and every such Officer is hereby required to make such Indorsement accordingly.

L. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duties payable under this Act by any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be unpaid at the Time when such Duties are by this Act made cfoe and payable, it , shall be lawful for the Cofle&or of Excise of the District in which the Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person.or i Persons to take and distrain all Tvialt, and all Corn or Grain in any Malthouse, Store, or other Premises.of such Makfter or Maker of Malt, segiftered under this and to cause the same to be sold by publick Auction: and if, after the

3 O 2 " Payment

' 467.

Penalty on u u!ue Ircrease 5s. perButhcl,

3c c.

Penalty o-: mixing different Wettings, or mixing unmalted Grain with Melt, jol.

Penalty oa

fraudulently concealing or removing Malt, 1 cl. and forfeiture of Malt.

Mode of

charging for M«dt on the Quantity of Corn on the Floor.

Corn tisU he put

on the K: «ln,

21 D.ws after wetting, or be charged with Duty at M*lr.

Petmils Ovdl not he granted for Malt, except ouEvirlcncc v f Payment of Duty.

Collector of Excite may dittrain for Duties.

468 C. 53.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Malt, C rn, or Grain in any Malthouse made liable ro Pay* jnicnt of Duties.

No Malt shall be nvide of Wheat or O its, Penalty tOi. per Barrel and forfeiture.

Maltster discoti-rinuing Business shall give Notice to Officer to take Account of Stock, who shall grant a Certificate for t he Purpose of founding Permits for Malt fr.ercoo, See.

Renewal of Cc r-nficiites t^jar-terly, Penally iOvl.

Officers may enter Malthouse* and take ace junt of M^h under Certificate, &c. Penalty on not producing Certificate iol. Penalty on Jlrcwers or D: f-tillers mixing Malt made, with Malr'bought by them, 10l.

No Maltster shall fell Malt not made by himself (except Brewers or Dif-'tilleri) 100I-

Payrqeot of all Duties due from such Maltster or Maker of Malt, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking and distraining, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or his Representatives Provided always, that when any Malt shall he so taken and drftrained, it shall and may he lawful for such Maltster or Mak?v of Malt, or his Representatives, at any Time or Times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Malt, upon his or their paying to the Collector towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Malt as he or they shall desire to remove, and the same may be removed accordingly; and a proper Permit or Permits shall, on due Application, be given for the fame, in like Manner as if no such Distress had been made.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all Malt, and all Corn or Grain whatsoever making or to be made into* Malt, which shall be found in any Malthouse, Storehouse, or other Tenement used or occupied, or which shall have been used or occupied by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall be liable and subject to, and is hereby charged with all Debts due to the Crown, and all Duties of Excise which shall be in Anrar, and owing by any Person for any Malt made w'itliin such Malthouse, and shall also be subject to the Payment cf all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have occupied or used such Maithotife, for any Offence again 11 this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to Maltster* or Makers of Malt; and it shall be lawful in all Cases to levy such Debt6, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of such Malt, or Corn or Grain, as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debt^ and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the Time the real Proprietor of such Malt, or Corn or Grain.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to make Malt of Wheat or Oats, and that all Wheat and Oats making into Malt, and all malted Wheat and Oats, mixed or umnixed with any other Corn or Grain, ground or unground, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace, or any Officer of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Barrel so found, and the Malt so seized shall be sold.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall at the Expiration of any Licence granted under this Act, discontinue the Trade and Business of a Maltster or Maker of Malt, such Person shall, within Twenty-one Days after the Expiration of such Licence, make a Return to the Collector of the District in which the Malthouse of such Person shall be situate, of all such Quantity of Malt as fhaB be in the Possession of such Person at the Time of making such Return; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the Expiration of such Licence, to enter into every Malthouse, Store, or other Place belonging to such Person, and to gauge and take an Account of all Malt remaining therein, and to make a Return thereof to the Collector of the District in which such Malthouse shall be situate; and every such Officer shall at the Time of taking such Account give to such Person a Certificate of the tme Quantity of Malt so remaining in such Malthouse, Store, or other Place, as shall appear to have been charged with Duty; And when any luck Person shall apply for a Permit for the Removal of the Whole or any Part of such Malt so remaining, such Person shall produce to the proper Officer for granting such Permit the aforesaid Certificate; and such Officer shall at the Time of granting such Permit, indorse on such Certificate the Date and Number of the Permit, and the Name of the Person to whom, and the Place to which the Malt therein mentioned is intended to be conveyed, and the Quantity thereof, and sign his Name thereto; and every such Person to whom such Certificate shall have been granted, shall on every Twenty-fifth Day\>f December, Twenty-fifth Day of March, Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twenty-ninth Day of September, or within Ten Days after each and every of the said Days, return to the proper Officer such Certificate, with all Indorsements thereon 5 and every such Officer shall upon receiving such Certificate, give a new Certificate for all such Malt as shall then be remaining on Hand, of the Quantity for which such former Certificate had been given; and if any such Person shall neglect to deliver up any fudi Certificate at any of the Times aforesaid, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, from Time to Time, and at all Times*to enter into the Malthouse and Stores of any such Person so discontinuing the Trade or Business of a Maltster, and to gauge and take an Account of all Malt found therein, and to demand a View of such Certificates as aforesaid, with the Indorsements made thereon; and if such Person shall not upon such Demand produce such Certificates with the Indorsements thereon, then all such Malt shall be. forfeited, and may be seized 5 and such Person shall for every such Neglect forfeit the Sum of T en Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Distiller who shall make Malt, shall mix or cause to be mixed any Malt made by him or her with any Malt made by any other Person 5 and that every such Brewer and Distiller, shall keep all Malt made by him or her in Stores 'or Rooms separate and distinct from the Stores or Rooms in which he or she shall keep any Malt made by any other Person; and that ever}' such Brewer and Distiller, in whose Stores any Malt made by him or her shall be found mixed with any Malt made by any other Person, or not kept in separate and distinct Stores or Rooms, shall for every Time such Malt shall be so found, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall deal in or fell any Malt, except such Malt as shall have been made in some Malthouse of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, duly licensed, such Maltster or Maker of Mah shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, tl at nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any licensed Brewer or Distiller, who shall have a Licence for making Malt under this Act, from receiving Malt duly permitted from others ta be consumed in the Brewery or Distillery of such Brewer or Dill ler only; por to prevent such Brewer or Distiller who shall discontinue the

Business

45» GEORGII III.

53 4^9

Business of a Brewer or Distiller, from felling or disposing of any Malt the Duties on which shall have been

previously paid or secured.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person making Malt in Ireland* for* hi* or her own private Use, and not for Sale, shall make a Return to the Collector of the District of his or her Name and Place of Abode, and of the Malthouse or other Place in which such Person intends to make any Malt, certifying that the Malt intended to be made is to be used by such Person for brewing Beer or Ale for his or her private Use and Cofifumption, and not for Sale; and the Collector to whom such Return shall be made shall make an Entry or Registry thereof, and shall give a Copy of such Entry or Registry to the Person making such Return, and such Person shall not be required to fake but any Licence for making of Malt under this Actfc, nor be subject to any Penalty for neglecting to take out such Licence; but every such Person shall be chargeable and charged with the Duty for all Malt actually made by him or her, and shall be subject and liable to the Visits of any Officer of Excise, and to such of the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained, as the Commissioners or Excise shall, by and with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, from Time to Time think necessary for the securing the Payment of the Duty err the Quantity of Malt actually made by such Person; and if any such Person shall make any Malt for Sale, or shall fell any Malt, or any Beer or Ale brewed by him or her, or shall dispose of any such Malt, Beer, or Ale, or of any Corn in tha Process of making into Malt, for Gain or Profit, or in the way of Barter, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds*

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Excise to enter into the Houses, Outhouses, Mills* Storehouses, or other Houses whatsoever of any Person or Persons having Malt in his, her, or their Possession, and to demand a Permit, signed by the proper Officer, for all Malt that (Ml be found therein, except such Malt as shall be made by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or by any Person. malung Most for his or her own private Use and not for Sale, and found in the Malt Stores of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or other Person duly registered according to this Act; and if on Demand made by such Officer as aforesaid, a Permit or Certificate (as the Case may be) of force, for such Malt shall not be produced within a reafiaaable Time after such Demand, then all such Malt shall be forfeited, together with any Sacks, Bags, or other Packages in which the same shall be contained, and the flame may be seized; and every Person in wkbfe Possession as aforesaid any Malt shall be found without such Permit or Certificate, shall, for every BarreL of such Malt so found in the Possession of such Person, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That an Account shall be taken and kept by any Officer of Excise of the Stock of Malt of every Fa£lor and other Person dealing in or storing Malt, and of the Stock of Malt of every Brewer and Distiller; and that every such Person mall before receiving any Malt give an Account in Writing signed by such Person to the Collector of the Distrhft in which the Stores of such Pfcrfon shall be situated, of all Stores or Places intended to be used for keeping or storing Malt, and a Description of the Situation thereof, and of every Floor, Loft, and Room therein, and the Measure in Feet and Inches of the Length, Breadth, and Height of each such Store, Floor, Loft, and Room, and shall cause to be painted with an Oil Colour, Black or White, on the outside of every Door of every such Store, Loft, and Room, in legible Letters and Figures at lead Three Inches in Length, the Words " Malt Store, " and the Number thereof; and if any Malt exceeding the Quantity of Five Barrels shall be found in or on any Store, Floor, Loft, or Room of any such Person of which such Account shall not have been given, or upon the Door of whipb such Letters and Figures shall not be painted and remain so painted and legible, or in or on any Store, Flop* Loft, or Room, the Dimensions whereof shall exceed by Four Inches in Length, Breadth, or Height, the JXmf enfions mentioned and contained in any such Account, all Malt found in any such Stores, Lofts, or Rooms, shaft be forfeited and may be seized, and the Person in whose Stores, Lofts, or Rooms the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum 01 Twenty Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any greater Quantity of Malt shall be found in the Possession of any Person having discontinued the Business of a Maltster, or of any Factor or Dealer in Malt, than by the Stock Account of any Officer of Excise ought to be in the Possession of such Person or of such

Factor or Dealer, all such increased Quantity shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, '

asd fhc Person in whose Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit for every Barrel thereof the Sum of Twisty Shillings.

LXl, And pe it further enabled, That in every Case where the Stock of Malt in the Possession of any Maltster or of any Factor or Dealer in Malt, or of any Brewer or Distiller, shall be less than the Quantity of Malt which by the Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise ought to be in the Possession of such Maftftpr* Jailor, Dealer, Brewer, or Distiller, every such Person shall for every such Time such Decrease &al| appear, forfeit the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every Barrel of Malt which shall so appear Co be deficient.

jJjodbe it further anatfted. That if any Malt, exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of Six Stone, -in Sacks or Packages, by Land or by Water, from Place to Place in brclandy or shall be Carriage or Bead, or on board any Boat or other Vessel, and that there shall not be marked Sack pr other Package containing such Malt, on both Sides thereof, and at or near the nch Sack or other Packages, the Word " Malt, " in Black Roman Letters not less than Three Inches if any Part of any wch Sack or Rickage on which the Word " Mah, '* shall be so-(lamped and-i&tiftt uppefmost Sack or Package where there shall be more Sacks or P&ckages than one, on the flame Boat or Vessel, shall not be placed so as to appear in publick View without of such Sack or other Package, then and in every such Case such Malt, with the Sacks or gthe^fiune, and also the Bead and Carriage, or Boat or Vessel, containing, carrying, bearing, e, with all Tackle thereto respectively belonging, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

LXIII. And-

Rcgufotine private PoTonf making Malt;

such Persons shall*c (ubieft to such Rule* asCjmmiffior.rrs of Excise, with Confcr.t of Ticafury shall direct.

Penalty tool.

Officer nay enter a! Places-where Malt is kept, and require Permits.

Tenilty on not producing same 209. per Barrel, and Forfeiture.

Officer? shall keep account Factori Stores, which shall he legitVcrrd with the ColkAor.

PenaHy>«ob

Penalty on undue Increase of Stack of Factors,

ios. per Barrel-

Penalty on undue Decrease of Stock of Malrfiers and Favors,

15s. per Barrel.

Packages of Malt shall be marked

" Malt.* Penalty Forfeiture.

470

Penalties shall be payable in B'ntish Currency, anriituy be recovered as uhd/rE>cife Act 14, 15 C. 2 <I). c. $. o any other Excile Att,

Pen»l?ic* net excet dn g!. may be n covered before one Justice, within Three Mi>r.?h<, and levied by Dili refs and 5ale, .&c.

'In Default of , D fticfs Three

Imprisonment. Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Pemltif $ above sol. oMjr be recovered by Ath -« o C.\il B I, &c.

Proceeding* of |ustices shall nt t he rc movable by Certiorari.

Commi dinners of Excile may not abate Penaltieswitluiut Dire<f\ion of the Treasury.

Commissioners of Excise or Treasury may give the whcle Penalty 1. the Officer fe aii£.

Pen Ity on Magi rai.s neglecting to act ft i< executing this Act, $ol.

C, .53, 45° GEO KG XI 411. A.p. 1805.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Tines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by thie Ad, shall be paid and recovered^ 11BrUifl>Currency 5- and shall and may be filed for, recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appoinfted, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in tlje Fourteenth.and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling of the: £#cijc or nezv Impoji upon His Majesty's 11 is Heirs and Sveeejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any other .Law oivJLaws in force in hr land relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise; as fully and effectually to all Intents, Construdionr, and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and roenadctHiv this Act , with'like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act of Excise, or any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise is-provided-

LXIV. Provided always, find be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, 'where any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be incurred under this Act, to hear and determine the fame, and to convict the Party offending on his er her own Confession, or on the Oath of any one credible Witness; and in all such Cases one Moiety of the Penalty or Trorfeiturer shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Conviction made, at the Discretion of the Justice; and such Justice of the Peace ia hereby authorized and required upon Information mnde on Oath in that Behalf, within Three Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party atcufed, and also the Witness or Witnesses upon either Side, and if upon the Confession t>f the Party accused, or Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oath such Justice isbereby empowered to administer, such Party shall be convicted of the Offence alledged against him, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and veal, to any Constable of the County, for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) after deduding the Expence of such Sale; and for want of sufficient Distress it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to commit such Offender to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be 1 aid; and if any Person shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of the said Justice, then such .Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party fl ail be affirmed, such Justices shall issue Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants, such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the said Justices shall appoint for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer; and where any such pecuniary Penalty or 'Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the same may be sued for and recovered by arny Person who shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or by Civil Bill in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, or .at the Quarter Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, or at the Assizes in any County or County of a Town or City in Ireland) and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered, to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol, there to remain for any Time in the Dil-cretion of such Court, or until such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and fotisfied.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alledged to be made by any Justice of the Peace, nor any Proceeding before such Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alledged to be given or made, by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon such Conviction, Order, or Sentence so made or given in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to abate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture which may be set, imposed, or adjudged on any Information in the Excise Offices of the respective Districts or otherwise howsoever, against any Person or Persons, or Thing or Things, for any Offence whatsoever under this Act, without the Direction of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Purpose; any Law, Statute, or Usage tohe contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, with the Approbation or Direction of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, in all Cases to direct that the Whole or any Part of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture incurred under this Act, shaft be paid to the Officer or Officers making any Seizure or giving Information of any Offence under this Act, to be applied for the Use of such Officer or Officers, and in such Proportions and under such Regulations as such last mentioned Commissioners respectively shall from Time to Time direct and appoint 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland\ who shall neglect or refuse, in any instance, to carry this Act into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency, for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have .made such Application; in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Impar-

7 lance

A.D. 1805.

45 GEORGII IIf.

C.

54*

47t

lance shall be allowed; the Mosey recovered by such Action, to be applied as to One Half thereof, to the Use of the Person suing for the fame, and the other Half to be paid to the Minister, Rector, or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect Upon and from the Commencement Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five. i^ils^pfiio-

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of King George the First for amending the Law?, relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, so far as the same rdpedls Contracts to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor [27th June 1805 ]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Settlement, g q r c.; . C 4.

EntpJoyment, and Relief of the Poor, Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Consent of the ' major Part of the Parishioners or Inhabitants, are authorized, in the Manner therein mentioned, to purchase

or hire a House or Houses, and to contract with any Person or Persons for the lodging, keeping, main-

taining, and employing of the Poor, and for taking the Benefit of their W ork, Labour, and Service, for ' "their better Maintenance and Relief; and where any Parish, Town, or Township should be found too small,

4 in such Case to unite Two or more such Parishes, Towns, or Township, for those Purposes, with the

Consent of the major Part of the Parishioners or Inhabitants, and with the Approbation of a Justice of the

'Pence: And whereas great Inconvenience has arisen from Contrails for the Lodging, Maintenance, aitd

Employment of the Poor of Parishes, having been entered into pursuant to the said Act, with Persons not

being resident within such Parishes respectively, nor of sufficient Responsibility to ensure the faithful Pet-

1 formance of such Contradls : Be it therefore er.acted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Contract to No Conrmft for be entered into and made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, with any Person niamuining me

or Persons, for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, or employing of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes whereTiidI -h-

Two or more are united, and for taking the Benefit of their Work, Labour, and Service, for their better PerfJ»U\virh Maintenance and Relief, by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of King wiiom the famtf Georg? the First, or of any other Law or Statute whatsoever, shall be valid, binding, or efifedlual, unless the nndi shall be Person or Persons with whom the same shall be entered into respectively shall and during the Continuance of £fid£nt 'n , n such Contract be resident within the Parish so contradling, or within the particular Parish in which such Poor P*"

shall be lodged and maintained, or who, in the Case where Two or more Parishes are united, shall be so resident as aforesaid in one of such Parishes, or in the Parish i; i which such Poor shall be lodged and maintained; and unlefa one or more responsible Householders, resident in such particular Parish or in one of the said Parishes, and to be approved of by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or united Parishes, as the Case may be, shall, at or before the Time of signing such Contract, by their joint and several Surety

Bond, with a Penalty in not less than the Amount of One Half of the Assessment to the Poors Rate of such f^rm of Parish or united Parishes for the Year next blit one preceding the Year in which such Contract shall be entered tj.e Coniraft into, give Security to the said Churchwardens and Overseers as the Case may be, for the true and faithful Observance and Performance of such Contract on the Part and Behalf of the Person or Persons so to be contracted with as aforesaid; nor unless such Contract shall be approved of and signed by Two Justices of the Peace acting for such County, City, Riding, or Dillridl, in which such Parish or united Parishes, or One of them, shall be situated.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Contradls as aforesaid, which shall be entered into otherwise than according to the Regulations and Restrictions herein-fcefore contained, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposea; and every such Contract which shall be entered into conformably to the Directions of this Act, by any Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, with any Person or Persons who shall remove from and cease to reside in the particular Parish or in One of the united Parishes wherein butfiichRemoval such Poor shall be lodged and maintained, before the Expiration of the whole Term or Time for which such 1, 1 'l nul vat: ilc Contract shall be intended to have Continuance, shall also from t!*c Time of such Removal cease and determine: Scc-ruy.

Provided always, that the Removal of such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall not vacate the Security entered into by any fioufcholder or Householders as aforesaid, for the true Observance and Performance of the Contract of such Person or Persons so having contracted and removing, but that the same shall continue in full force for the Indemnification of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or united Parishes against any Loss or Expence incurred in consequence of such Non-performance of such Contract and of such. Removal;

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conflmed to extend to any Parish, Exception as to Township, or Place where the Poor are maintained under any special Act of Parliament: Provided also, that-P nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make void any Contract that shall have already entered been entered into before the passing of this Act with any Person or Persons for the lodging, keeping, main- jnlJ. taining or employing of the Poor of any Parish, by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act of the Ninth Yeap #f King George the First aforesaid 5 any Tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

P : i ilh contracting, or where the Poor shall be

maintained;

nor unless Oue M an. c holder

All oihrr Contracts shall be void; as also on the Pocmoval

of C*»ntr*£Uir;

472 C.j5, 36.

45' GEORGII III! A.D. 1805.

25 G 3. c. 52. /. 17, 18.

Period within which Accounts of Money issued to Sub-, Accountants xn; «y be traRf-ini red by Pay-niafter General, &c. to Auditors Office enlarged, to f 2 Mouths after 3111 Dec. yearly.

Auditors Office shall take such .Recounts into Consideration within Six Months, See.

Vouchers for Accounts preceding Dec. 3 r, 1804, may be jitlowccT though utA lUmped.

CAP. LV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Mdjt fty, for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom; and for enabling the Commissioners, in certain Cases, to allow of Vouchers although not stamped according to Law.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 4* An Act for better examining and auditing the Public!; Accounts of this Kingdom, it is enacted, that the

Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Treaftirer of the Navy, the Treasurer of the Ordnance- and every other publick Officer, paying into the Hands of any Person or Persons whomsoever, Money for publick Services by way of Imprest or on Account, shall, within Thirty Days after the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year, transmit an Account of all Sums of Money, issued or paid by him or them to any Person or Persons for the publick Service within the preceding Year, to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, who are required forthwith to transmit Duplicates of the same to His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, who immediately on Receipt of such Accounts i3 required to put the several Sums so issued in charge against the Parties, in like Manner as with respect to Persons receiving Money by way of Imprest or on Account of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and it is thereby further enacted, that no Accountant shall be allowed in his Account any Sum which he shall issue or pay over to any Sub-accountants, unless he shall have transhutted to the said Commissioners regular Accounts thereof in the*Manner and within the Times above mentioned, unless Proof shall be produced, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, that any Failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful Neglect of the Person issuing or paying over the Money as aforesaid: And .4 whereas it is expedient to extend the Period within which Accounts of Sums of Money issued to Sub-accountants may be transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, and that the said Commissioners should be enabled in certain Cases to allow of Vouchers for Monies paid although the same may not have been stamped according to Law* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Treasurer, of the Navy, the Treasurer of the Ordnance, and every other publick Officer, who, since the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, hath paid, or who shall hereafter pay into the Hands of any Person or Persons whomsoever. Money for publick Services by way of Imprest or on Account, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and live, and within Twelve Calendar Months after the Thirty-first Day of December in every future Year, to transmit an Account of all Sums of Money issued or paid by him or them to any Person or Persons for the publick Service within the preceding Year, to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, who shall, within Six Months after the Receipt of such Account, take the same into Consideration; and if it shall appear to them that the Persons to whom publick Monies shall be so stated to have been issued or paid, or any of them, ought to be made Sub-accountants, and he set insuper in the declared Account of such Principal, they shall forthwith transmit a Schedule or Certificate thereof to His Majesty's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, who shall immediately put the Sumsfo issued or paid in charge against the said Party or Parties, and the said Sums shall be allowed in the Accounts of the respective Accountants issuing the fame, in like Manner as if such Accounts had been transmitted within the Period prescribed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts, in their Examination of any Accounts for any Periods preceding the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, to admit and allow of Receipts and Vouchers for any Monies expressed therein to have been paid, although such Receipts or Vouchers shall not have been flanged according to Law.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to let to Farm the Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Port, and by Time.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled*

fc-G. 3.0. 26. *An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to

Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let

i S G. 3.C. 51.*to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contraS for thejame; the Lord

(Schedule B.) 4 High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Tune being, were

empowered, either by themselves or by His Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto duly authorized to let to Farm the several therein recited Rates and Duties to such Persons as should he willing to farm the fame, for any Term not exceeding Three Years,

at a Rent not less than the gross Amount which the same should appear to have produced within the Year ending on the First Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, under certain Rules, Directions, Regulations, and Restrictions, expressed in the said Act: And whereas the Powers of the said Act were continued by several subsequent Acts until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred

aRd fix i And whereas the Duties in the said Act mentioned have, by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 5&.57- 473

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, been repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas it appears to be expedient that the Provisions and Powers of the said Acts should be further continued May it therefore please Your Majesty, &c.

From August 1, 1805, the Treasury may, either by themselves or the Commissioners for Stamps, let to Farm the Duties on Post-Horses in each District, so as they are put up at a Rent not less than the Amount produced within the Year ending August 1, 1787. j 1. — But Contrafts shall not continue longer than February 1, 1809. §2. — Contracts shall be void in Case of Failure of making Deposits or finding Security. 44 f 3. — Powers of recited Act, 27 G. 3. c. 26, extended to this Act. §4. — Act maybe altered or repealed this Session. $ 5."

[«SV<r 42 Geo. 3. c. 52. to which this All is similar mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. LVII.

An Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Gools and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled*

An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island of Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica; and in the Port of Nafiau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;

and by several other Acts passed subsequently thereto, the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Port Antonio in the Island of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, the Port of RouJJeau in the Island of Dominica, the Port of Saint John's in the Island of Antigua the Port of San Jofef in the Island of Trinidad, the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago, the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands; and the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of Tortola ||, were opened for tho Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And whereas it is expedient that such of the Provisions of the said Acts relating to the Importation or Exportation of, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to or from the aforesaid Ports, or any of them, or to the Admission of any Ships or Vessels into the said Ports, or any of them, or to any Duties payable on such Importation* Exportation, or Admission, as are now in force, should be consolidated into One Act, and that such of the said Laws as are now temporary should be made perpetual;

and that, in Addition to the aforesaid Ports, the Port of Saint Ann in the Island of Jamaica, the Port of

Pitt's Town, in Portland Harbour in Crooked Island, another of the Bahama Islands, the Port of Kingston

in the Island of t aint Vincent, and the principal Port in the Island of Bermuda, should be opened under certain Regulations and Restrictions : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ind by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Wool, Cotton Wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Log Wood, Fustick, and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver, and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise Shell, Hard Wood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle, being the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, or of any Country on the Continent of America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds and precious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Countries into the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Mordego Bay, Santa Lucca, Antonio, and Saint Ann in the Island of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, the Port of Rojfeau in the Island of Dominica, the Port of Saint John's in the Island of Antigua, the Port of San Jofef in the Island of Trinidad, the Port of Scarborough in the Island of Tobago, the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of Tortola, the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama Islands; the Port of Pitt's TovJti in Portland Harbour in Crooked Island, another of the Bahama Islands; the Port of King ft on in the Island of Saint Vincent, and the principal Port in the Island of Bermuda, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than One Deck, and being owned and navigated by Persons inhabiting any of the said Colonies or Plantations in America, or Countries on the Continent of America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any Island in the West Indies, or of any Country on the Continent of America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, may be imported from any of the said Islands cr Countries intojmy of the said Ports herein-before enumerated, in the like Foreign Ships and Vessels, and be again exported from thence to any Part of the United Kingdom, under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are in this Act mentioned and contained

with regard to the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein-before enumerated.,

0 from thence into the

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Tobacco so imported into any of the said Ports, shall, when

imported into any Part of the United Kingdom from any of the said Ports, pay the same Duties of Custom6 and Excise, and none other, as Tobacco, the Growth or Production of any of His Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies, or of the Territories of the United States of America, and be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, and be liable to the same Forfeitures and Penalties for the Breach thereof.

45 Geo. III. 3 P IV. And

27 G. 3. c. 27.

33 G. 3.

c. >o.

II 4*C. 3.

c. 102.

[And fee at ta Cwacao.

4.<J. j. (G. B.)

*3-1

Certain Articles the Product of any Foreign Colony or Settlement in America, and C in, Bullion, ind Jewels, may be imported into certain Ports in the West Indies, in single-dccked Ship' 1 elonging to PcTtms of such Cwlony, &c.

Tobacco the Grout u u! Foreign Ifiatuls,

Scc. in the West Indies, &c. in «y be impaired iiKO the said Ports, and expoited United Kingdom.

Such Tobacco shall p»y Duly, &c.; is Briufh West India Tobacco.

C. 57.

45

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Foreign Sugar

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the yafling of this Act, to

and Coffee 111*7 import into the said Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, and into the said Port of Pitt's 7 own in

be i pi ported into certain Ports in foreign Ships,

and may be imported and ex pot ted Duty free;

t)n Importation i to Unittd

KingdortS they shall pay Duty, See. as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations.

No Foreign American Good* not herein enumerated, (h ill be imported in Foreign Ships into any of the said Ports on Forfeiture thereof and the Ships.

British Rum and

Portland Harbour in Crooked Island, and into such other Port or Ports in the said Bahama 1 Hands, and into the principal Port in the Island of Bermuda, and into such Port or Ports in the Island, called Caicos as shall be approved by His Majesty in Council, Sugar and Coffee, the Produce of any Foreign Country or Plantation, in such Foreign Ships or Vessels, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are prescribed in this Act with respect to the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein-before enumerated.

V. And be it further enacted, That Sugar and Coffee which shall be imported into the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, or the Port of Pitt's / own in CrookedIJland, or into such Port ojr Ports in the said Bahama Islands, or into the principal Port in the Island of Bermuda, or into any such Port or Ports in the said Islands called Caicos, as have been or may hereafter be approved by His Majesty in Council, may be imported into and again exported from any of the said Ports, without Payment of any Duties of Customs whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the Importation of any Sugar or Coffee into any l?art of the United Kingdom from the said Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, or the said Ports of Pitt's Town in Crooked Island, or such other Port or Ports in the Bahama Islands, or the Island of Bermuda, or any such Ports in the said Islands called Caicos, such Sugar or Coffee shall respectively be deemed to be not of the British Plantations, and shall be liable to, and shall pay Duty of Customs and Excise as such, and may be warehoused in li«e Manner, and shall be subject to the Regulations of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of Importation of such Sugar or Coffee, so far as they rclate to Sugar or Coffee not of the British Plantations.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Goods, Wares, or

Merchandize, except such as are herein-before enumerated, shall be imported in any Foreign Snip, Sloop, Schooner, or Vessel whatever, from any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, or any Countries on the Continent of America belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the before-mentioned Ports upon any Pretence whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting the fame, together with the Ship, Sloop, Schooner, or Vessel in which the same Audi be imported, and the Guns, Tackle,

Apparel, and Furniture of such Ship, Sloop, Schooner, or Vessel; and in every such Case the same shall and may

be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Navy, who are or shall be authorized or empowered to make Seizures in Cases of Forfeiture, and shall and may be prosecuted in such Manner as herein after directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful, from and after the passing of this Act,

Negroes may he to export from any of the said Ports to any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, or any Countries on the^id^P'^ts to t^'e ^: ont*nent America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State,

3 or 5 0 in any Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than One Deck, and being owned and navigated by Persons inhabiting any such Colony, Plantation, or Country, Rum of the Produce of any British Island, and also Negroes which shall have been brought into the said Islands respectively in British-kaAt Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law; and all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have been legally imported into the said Islands respectively, except Mails, Yards, or Bowsprits,

Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, and also except such Iron as shall have been brought from the British Colonies or

Plantations in jfmerica 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

European Goods

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to export in and Good«iegaliy any Pritish Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, from any of the said Islands in this Act.

impoited from enumerated, to any British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, any Goods or Commodities

Foreign Ameri- whatever of the Manufacture of Europe; and also any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall have ma ^Tx orted k?en ^mPorte^ into any of the said Islands, from any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, or from the said tC any Country on the Continent of America belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Poris in British Sovereign or State.

Vesselsio British Colorves

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Doubts shall arise whether any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize intended to be so exported, shall have been legally imported into the said Islands respectively in this Act enumerated, the Legality of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be suffered to be shipped for Exportation.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Wool, Cotton Wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Log Wood, Fustick, and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise Shell, Mahogany and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware, of the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, or Countries on the Continent of America belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Eurcpean Sovereign or State, shall be allowed to be exported from any of the said Islands in this Act enumerated, to any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, particularly mentioned and provided in an Act of Parliament made in the Twelfth Y' ar of the Reign of King Charles the Second, 'intituled, An Act for encour ging > nd encre Jtng of Shipping and N vig tion\ and in another Act of Parliament made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Ch rlcs the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for re % ul*ting the Plant tion Tr de; and in another Act of Parliament made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland and the British Colonies and Plant tions in

7 America

the Foicign American Cul nies, &c. and also all Goods, legally imported, except Miffs, &c.

Officers of the Cndn)s.to lie farisfied as to the Legality of the Importation bef <ic E*portal i y-y.

Certain Ait cles the Product of Foreign Anutt-can Connies, &c.Wfd to be cxp.rr-; d from.rhe uid Forts into (he Unind Kingdom, under Regulations*f. 12 Car. 2. c. 18. 21 & 23 Car. 2. c. lb.

20 G. 3. c. 10.

475

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 57, 58,

America and the West Indies, end the British Settlement* on the Co'Jl of Africa, to he carried on in like Manner as it h now rried art between Great Britain end the said C. Lutes and Settlements; or in any of the said Acts, with rvfpedl to the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, therein enumerated or described.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Goods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall upon any Pretence whatever be exported from any of the Ports enumerated in this Act, to any other British Colony or Plantation in America or the West Indies, upon Pain of forfeiting such Goods or Commodities, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such Ship or Vefleh Amedc*. Sec.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Forc'gn Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, arriving at or in any of the aforesaid Ikirts, shall have on board any Goods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of thq East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape cf Good hope, such Goods or Commodities shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be brought, and all her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, whether such Goods or Commodities shall be intended to be landed or not, or whether Bulk shall have been broken or not.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Duty of Gunpowder, nor any Fee or Reward whatever, shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer or Officers whatever in the said Islands respectively in this Act enumerated, for any Entry, Cocquet, Clearance, or PafTpovt, for any Foreign Ship or Vessel, or for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into or exported from the said Islands respectively in such Foreign Ships or Vessels; under the like Pains and Penalties, as are inflicted upon Officers exacting or receiving greater Fees than are allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be respectively prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jer'ey, or the Isle of Man., or in any of His Mnjrfly's Colonies or Islands in America, in the same Manner and Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations in all Respects, in so far as the same are applicable, a6 any other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Security of the Revenue of the Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or for the Regulation of Trade or Navigation, and which were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, may be respectively prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle cf Man, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Islands in America.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Clauses, Provisions, Articles, Matters, and Things, in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained, as relate to the opening and establishing any Ports in the Islands herein-before mentioned, or any of them, for the more free Importation and Exportation of the Goods, W ares, and Merchandize, in this Act enumerated, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regular ion of the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; and for the more effectually reg filing the said Office.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS several of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army;

and to repeal an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, ' iniiii: l'd> " An Act for the letter Regulation of the Ojfce of Paymaster General cf His Majesty's Forceshave

been found inconvenient Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by a id with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act ftiaH be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the Time being, in all Memorials to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money fer Army Services, shall pray, that such Sum as he requires may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on his Account, specifying in every such Memorial, the Sum he requires, and for what particular Service or Services; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treal'ury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by their Letter, from Time to Time shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to ittue to the said Governor and Company, on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces (naming such Paymaster General for the Ti ne being), the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Paymaster General, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be d rawix, shall be issued from the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and not to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and shall be placed to the Account in the Books of the said Governor and Company, intituled, " The Account of the Paymaster €K General of His Majesty's Forces, " inferring the Name of such Paymaster General for the TL e being.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Fees whatever shall be paid at the Exchequer or Treasury, by reason of the Transactions aforesaid, beyond the Amount of what hate, been usually paid upon Imprefts and Accounts hitherto made, according to the former Custom of traafadling Business between the Exchequer, Pay Office, and Bank severally.

3 P 2 IV. And

No East India Gvxjrfs Ih11 be exported from the iYid Ports ro ary British Coluny in under Forfeiture.

F ri'-gn Ships

airivoig at any of me laid P011-

wirh E.tft Indu

Good* so. fviied wi h the Goods.

No Duty of Gunpowder, or Fre, shall he t^kfn b> Officer* for Entry, See. of Fnci&n Ships under this A<Jt.

[5Ve to G 3. c. 37. §2 ] Penalties and Foifcirurcs may be sued lor, as under former A<frt relating to Customs.

Former Aft< relating to the Opening of ti c f id Ports repeak d.

[5ee §1 of thit

Act j

23 G. 3 c. 50. rep ukd.

Paymaster General, in his M'*moii l to the Treasury 1 fh.dl speoify the Sum tequirtd, and tut«bar particular Ser*ice; and such Sum shall he 1 (Pik'd to the B ink of E 'gland and by them put to trie Piym»f-t.r'* A'.count*

0*i ly custom uv Ftesfhdlbep id ar ' xrh* quer or Ti'afury.

476 C. 58.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Paymaster on his First Mcmorial to the Treasury every Month, shall insert the Amount of his Balance in the Bank, and the Charges thereon.

Manner of making up the Pay matter General's Accounts annually to 25th December.

On Death or Removal.

Regiments.

Pnym ttier or his

IV. And be it further ensued, That the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces for the Time being,

dravvotunelLnk himself or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly authorized by the said Paymaster for ail Army General, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for all Army Services whatever.

Services; by Drafts signed by him or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so authorized; and shall specify in every

specifying «he Draft, the particular Head of Service to which the Sum therein mentioned is to be applied; and no Draft

particular Head Gf the said Paymaster or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall be deemed

o uv.ee. a fuffreient Voucher to the said Governor and Company, unless the same shall specify the Service for which it

is drawn, and shall be actually paid by the said Governor and Company; and the Monies so to be issued to the said Governor and Company on Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, shall not be paid out of the Bank, unless for Army Services, in pursuance of Drafts in which shall be specified the Heads of Service to which the Sums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which Drafts so drawn shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay such Money to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts or to the Bearer thereof.

V. And, in order that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may have frequent Knowledge of the Balance of Cash in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Paymaster General, and thereby be enabled to judge of the Propriety and Necefiky of further Issues, and to prevent the unnecessary Accumulation of Publick Money in the Hands of the said Governor and Company; be it enacted, That in the First Memorial presented every Month, or oftener if required, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by the Paymaster General for the Time being, for a Supply of Money for Army Services, such Paymaster General, or the Accountant in his Office, shall insert in the Body of such Memorial, the Sum Total of the Balance of Publick Money on Account of the Paymaster General in the Hands of the said Governor and Company, together with an Account of all the Claims, outstanding Drafts, and other Demands, with which such Balance is chargeable, and is to be applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General for the Time being shall, during his Continuance in Office, make up an annual Account of the Ordinary and Extraordinary Services of the Army, to be intituled, The Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, " the Fiift annual Account after the passing of this Act, to commence on the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, and to end on the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five, and every succeeding Account to commence on the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and to end on the Twenty-fourth Day of December following: Provided always, that in /the Event of the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the Paymaster General in the Course of the Year, the Accounts shall be made up in the Manner following; (that is to say), The Accounts for the Pay of all Regiments, Troops, and Companies, shall be made up to the Twenty-fourth Day of the Month of which the Subsistence of the Army shall have been paid in Advance previous to such Death, Resignation, or Removal; the Accounts for the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, Garrisons, and other regular voted Services, shall be made up so as to include all Payments which shall have, been actually made on Account thereof, previous to such Death, Removal, or Resignation; and the Accounts of the Extraordinary Services of the Army shall be made up to the Day of such Death, Removal, or Resignation; and in every such Case the succeeding Paymaster General shall open a new and distinct Account or Accounts for all Army Services, the Payments for which shall not have been completed by his Predecessor or Predecessors; and all Payments necessary to complete such Services shall be made in the Name of the Paymaster General for the Time bring, who shall cause the same to be entered in such new and distinct Account or Accounts, until all Payments for such Services shall be completed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his

' Account as Paymaster General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed, actually veil in such Successor, in Trust for the Service of the Army, and be. forthwith carried over and placed to the Account of such Successor of such Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to be applied to the said Service, in pursuance of the like Drafts as aforesaid; and the succeeding Paymaster General shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and Requisitiors to the Treasury, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of Army Services which shall have accrued in the Time of any preceding Paymaster General.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Accounts of the Paymaster General for the Time bring, shall be transmitted, with proper Vouchers, to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, who shall and they are hereby directed and required, with the least possible Delay after the Receipt thereof, to examine or cause to be examined the said Accounts^ and if found satisfactory, to present or cause to be presented the same to the proper Officer or Officers for Declaration; and when the same are declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the usual Form shall be made out to the Paymaster or Paymasters General whose Accounts shall have been so declared, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators.

IX. And whereas it may frequently happen that the clearing Warrants for Accounts of Regiment^ 4 Troops, or Companies, serving at any Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, cannot, by reason of the great Distance of such Places, be made out till long after all the other Accounts of Army Services are settled and prepared for Examination, whereby much unavoidable and inconvenient Delay might arise in the Examination of such settled Accounts for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, for the Time bring, to make out and keep the Accounts for all Regiments, Troops, and Companies, and other Army Services, in Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, separate and distinct from all other Accounts for Army Services, and to transmit such other Accounts for Army Services, whenever the same shall be prepared for Examination, to the Commissioners for

auditing

Staffj &c.

Extraordinarie*.

On Death or Removal of Paymaster, Balance in the Bank shall veil in hi* Successor.

Accounts of the Paymaster General shall be transmitted to the Auditor* Office.

Accounts of Army Service* beyond the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, shall be kept separate from other Accou ist'and transmitted and audited accordingly.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII 'III. C. 58. 477

auditing the Publick Accounts, without regard to the Accounts for any such Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Horn; and whenever the said Accounts for Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Horn can be made up and prepared for Examination, in like Manner to transmit the same to the Commissioners for auditing the PubEcJc Accounts; and the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts are hereby authorized and required to examine, or cause to be examined, such Accounts for general Army Services, when so transmitted to them, although the Accounts for Regiments, Troops, and Companies, and other Army Services, at any such Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Horn, shall not be included therein; and in like Manner to examine, or cause to be examined, the said last mentioned Accounts whenever the same shall be transmitted to them 5 and if such respective Accounts shall be found satisfactory, to present, or cause to be presented, the same respectively for Declaration; and when the feme respectively are declared, a Quietus or Acquittance in the ufusu Form shall be made out to the Paymaster General whole Accounts shall have been so declared, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for the Amount of such respective Accounts, in like Manner as if in the same respectively had been included the Whole ordinary and extraordinary Services of the Army for the Year.

" All Accounts of Paymasters General in Arrear, from 24th Jlpril 1782 to 24th December 1804, shall be " made up forthwith, in order to their being passed .before the Auditors Office, who shall examine the fame,

" 8cc. without Delay. — Paymasters in Arrear shall not be hereby exonerated from any legal responsibility,

" § ro. — Memorials for Money required to complete the Services for any Periodprevioui to 25th December u 1804, specify that it is required for those Services, and such Sums shall be issued and paid accordingly,

§ 11"

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General of His Majesty's forces for the Time being Paymaster shall shall keep an Account with the Bank of England of all Monies issued or directed to be paid to him for the Ser- keep an Account vice of the Army; and the Paymaster General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall w, h lhc Bank, not be answerable for any Money which he shall not aftuafly receive, or which shall not be actually drawn for anj! bc.by him or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons authorized by him as aforesaid 5 and the said Governor for h[*»ai»al and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by Receipt#, Uc. them for the Service of the Army.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Books of Accounts, and all Vouchers whatever, kept in the Books of Office of Paymaster General, shall belong to the said Office, and shall not be at the Disposal of the Pay- Accounts, tec. matter General to take and dispose of the same as his private and proper Books of Account and Vouchers: office "flnlT*Provided that nothing herein shall extend to prevent any Person who hath exercised the Office of Paymaster |ic|.>0g to tv, e General, or his or their Executors or Administrators, by himself or themselves, or by any Person or Persons Office*Pay-authorized by him or them, from taking Copies or Extracts thereof, until an Acquittance in the Exchequer master may take shall be made out for such Paymaster, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators; nor the Transmission of Copies thereof, the Vouchers in due Time to the Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite, Emolument, or Reward whatsoever, whether No Fees shall arising from the Use of the publick Money, or in any other Manner, (other than and except the Salaries and he taken in

- Allowances herein after mentioned), shall be taken in the said Office, for any Business, Matter, or Thing to olfiw^anmial be done therein; and in lieu thereof the Officers, Clerks, and Servants in the said Office, shall receive annual salaries of Salaries, payable quarterly, without Deduction, and not otherwise; and a List of the said Officers, Clerks, officers shall be and Servants, together with an Account of the Salaries paid to them from Time to Time, shall be entered ascertaiiud, See. in a Book, intituled, "The Salary Book, " and deposited in the Office of the said Paymaster General, and Copies thereof lodged in the Treasury and Bank of England; and if any Person belonging to, or who shall hereafter belong to the said Office, shall take or accept any Fee, Perquisite, Emolument, or Reward, (other penaitv on than and except the Salaries and Allowances above mentioned), he shall be dismissed from his Office or Em- taking'Fee*, ployment, and be rendered incapable of serving His Majesty in any Employment whatever, for the Space Incapacity, &c, of Three Ye&rs: Provided always, that no Augmentation shall at any Time be made to the Salaries of any such Officers, Clerks, or Servants, without the Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and that when any such Augmentations shall take place, an Entry thereof shall forthwith be made in the Confr.i; of Book so to be kept, and new Duplicates thereof shall be transmitted to the Treasury, and to the Bank Treasury, of England.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to deprive Not to aff; & the Paymaster General of the usual Allowances for himself or for Contingencies, nor to prevent him from c-rtain A; , ow-administering or applying the said Contingencies according to the usual Coutfe of Office.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing heroin contained shall extend, or be construed to M'cr5«

extend, to take away, diminish, or alter the Power of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to officers

appoint, remove, or change at his Pleafare all or any of the Officers and Clerks employed in his said Office; ntills picusure; or, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, signified or Inn calc the in Writing, to increase the Number of such Clerks, in case the Circumstances of the Business of the said Nmil er with Office should render such an Increase necessary; which said additional Officers and Clerks shall, upon their respective Appointments, be subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Pains, and Penalties, to which .rCa u, y*

the Officers and Clerks now existing in the said Office are by this Act made liable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary at War shall and he is hereby required to form or Secretary at War cause to be formed Estimates for the several annual Services of the Army, (that is to say); an Estimate of the rti.ll form Charge of the Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers; an Estimate of the Charge cf K^'^atcsof the the Clothing of the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men of His Majesty's Forces 5 an Estimate of the c\^cCr under Charge of Agency, including the Allowance made to the Agent of the Subsistence of Noa-effective Men, diaindt 'Heads,

' Called and transmit

e

them (vrlien agiced io by the House of Common*) to the

Office,

Paymaster shall issue Monies aopropiiat-d for C'otliing, Half-y. ailyt as soon as Money is iflucH to him for ilut Purpose.

Not to alter lie J'«ivileges of VJo »c Is, 5cc. relative ?o Clothing, 5cc.

Secretary at^'ar.shall regulary Transmir to Paym.'ftci1 Oln* e, an /Account fSum neccfla y for the Regulars, Fencibl s, «: >rl

etuhodicdMiliiia accordingo t e.' Ccrr.iin annual Allowances on the Regimental Ed'b.ilhnients Which Ihdl be ITued Half-yearly.

Agents ^h II rtnke up Account* c?f their respective Regiments, imunliy to 2 4.rb Dtcembrr, and nansmit them to Sccictary at W.tf and #jym iller Gtneiai's Ofi e>.

Penalty icol.

Secretary at War <h .ext dee and: 1< re h Acc un. uubin Tlucc Mou: h*,

C. 58. 45» GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Called Warrant Men; an Estimate of the Charge of the In and Out-Per, (toners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital; an Eilimate of the a&uul Pay of the Commissioned Officers and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, cn the several Establishments; an Eilimate of the Charges of the Allowance made to Field Officers and Captains, and for the Use of Riding Mailers, Rough Riders, and Expences incident to the fame; an Eilimate of the Extra-Allowance for Farriery; an Eilimate of the Allowance for Great Coats; an Eilimaic of the Charge of the Allowance to the Pay-mailer General of His Majesty's Forces, the Secretary at War, the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, the Commissary General of the Mullers, the Judge Advocate, their respective Deputies, Clerks, and the Contingent Expences of their respective Offices, Exchequer Fyes, and all other Services, formerly paid out of the Deduction of Twelve Pence in the Pound and One Day's Pay, and not otherwise provided for by this Act as also, Estimates of all such other Charges for Army Services, as it may from Time to Time be necessary or expedient to submit to Parliament; and the said Secretary at War shall and he is hereby required to transmit Copies of the said Ellirnates, so soon as the same shall have been agreed to by the House of Commons, to the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required, as soon after the Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fourth Day of December in every Year as Money shall be issued for that Purpose, to issue to such Person or Persons as have regular Assignments from the several Colonels and other Officers commanding Regiments, Corps, Troops, or Companies, for the Monies formerly called Ndt Off Reckonings, for the Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of HU Majesty8 Regular and FenciLl; Forces j provided the Paymaster General shall at such Tirr.e have been furnished with proper Establishments of the fever. 1 Regiments and Corps for which such Monies are then to be issued; Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall expend, or be construed to extend, to the making any Alteration in the Privileges, Pnfits, or Emoluments which the said Colonels or other Officers commanding Regiments, Corps, Troops, or Companies now derive, either from the Cloathing of the Non-effeclrve Men called Warrant Men, or Hautboys of their respective Regiment?, Troops, and Companies, but the said Colonels and other Officers shall continue to h ive enjoyed and received the same Privileges, Profits, and Emoluments as they would otherwise enjoy and receive from the Nett Off-Reckonings, and from the Non-effective Men called Warrant Men, or Hautboys of their respective Regiments and Corps, Troops and Companies, had this Act not been made.

XIX. ' .And, for the better Prevention of the issuing from the Exchequer any more Monies than shall be necessary for the Purposes recited in this Adi be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Secretary at War shall, and he is hereby directed and required, from Time to Time, to transmit to the Office of the Paymaster Oeneral of His Majesty's Forces, Accounts of the Sums necessary to be issued for the several Services of His Majesty's Regular and Fencible Forces and embodied Militia, a cording to the efTedlive Strength ard the actual Expenditure thereof, distinguishing each Corps severally; and the said Pay-master General shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form his Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury, and to issue his l>rafts on the Bank as aforesaid, according to the said Accounts.

eCeifi iv I »e &c

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Allowances now borne or hereafter to he borne on the Regimental Eftahlishments shall be made; namely, the Allowances to Captains of Troops and Companies, and to certain Field Officers not having Troops or Companies; the Allowance for the IJfc of the Riding Mailers and Rough Riders, and for immediate Expences relating r > the fame; the extra / llownnces for Farriery, and the Allowances for Great Coats; for which said Allowances the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces shall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his Memorials and R quifltions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, as soon after the Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Twenty-fifth Day of December in every Year, as the same can conveniently be done, in equal Payments, and to charge the same to the Account of each Corps as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Agents of all Regiments, Troops, and Companies of His Majesty's Regular and Fencible Forces, and embodied Militia shall and they are hereby dirc&id and required to make up annual Accounts of every Regiment, Troop, and Company for the preceding Year, ending the Twenty-fourth Day of December in every Year; the Accounts of the Forces and Militia serving in Great Britain to be made up within Six Months after the Expiration of the Year, and the Accounts of the several Corps on Foreign Service within Nine Months after the Expiration of the Year, unlc's the Pay Lists from those on Foreign Service shall not have been received and settled, so as to enable the Agents to make up such Accounts; and in the said Accounts the several Imprells or Monies received, including every Receipt which ought to be brought to the Credit of the Publick, in the Accounts of the respecti re Corps, and the several Did mrfements or Monies paid, including Agency, shall be properly distingaished under the several Heads of Service; and the Balance which shall be due to or from the Publick on account of every Regiment, Troop, and Company shall be struck; and such Agents shall transmit the said Accounts within the Times limited as aforesaid, together with proper Vouchers, agreeably to the prefect Standing Regulations, or any future Regulations which His Majesty shall be pleased to establish, to the Office of the Secretary at War, and a Copy thereof to the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; and on Failure herein, or in any other of the Regulations prescribed to Agents by this Atl, every Agent so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Offence, to be rec : vered by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame; and the Secretary at War, or such other Person or Persons as shall be duly authorized by His Majesty for that Purpose, shall, and he or they is or are hereby directed mid required to examine and settle, or cause to be examined and settled, the aforesaid annual Accounts, within Three Months after the Receipt of the said Accounts respectively, and when settled, to transmit Certificates of the several

Charges

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 58.

Charges allowed in the said Accounts, to the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, with Warrants signed by His Majesty, directing and authoring the said Paymaster General to form Memorials and Requisitions, and to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for the Balance or Nett Monies due to each Regiment, ^Troop, and Company of His Majesty's Regular Forces and embodied Militia, for Clearings, and to charge the same to the Account of the said Regiment, Troop, and Company; and the said Warrants shall authorize and direct the Paymaster General to make the Excess which shall arise upon the several Establishments, after deducing therefrom the Monies so disbursed and paid as aforesaid, a Saving, and to carry it to the Credit of the Publick, and to charge every Deficiency which shall arise from the several Establishments not being able to discharge the Disbursements paid on Account as aforesaid, to the general Account of Contingencies, or to such other Fund as may be applicable ther eto.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Balance shall in any Agent's Account so to be transmitted as aforesaid, be admitted to be due to the Publick, and also whenever it shall appear from the Warrants so tranimirted to the Paymaster General, that a Balance is due to the Publick from any Agent on any of his Accounts aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General for the Time being, to require such Agent forthwith to pay Inch Balance into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Pay mailer General of His Majesty's Forces, of which Payments, Certificate shall be granted to the Parties making the same, by the Cashier or fcaffiiers of the Bank of England, and the said Certificate shall be a sufficient Discharge to the f?.id Parties for the Sums expressed therein; and in case such Agent shall for th- Space of One Calendar Month after being required so to do, refuse or neglect to pay such Balance into the Bank of England as aforesaid, the Amount of the Balance so admitted to be due by such Agent, or so appearing due from the said Warrant, shall from the Time of such Requisition be deemed and considered to be a Debt to Hi-s Majesty on Record, and be recoverable as such by His Majesty, His Heirs, and S jccessors, with full Cods of Suit, and all other Charges attending the fame, by the like Process as by the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom wherein such Agent shall reside, any Debt to His Majesty arising within the same maybe recovered.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Person shall be Agent for more than One Regiment, 'Troop, or Company, by reason whereof it may happen that a Balance may be due from such Agent to the Publick on Account of some or One of such Regiments, Troops, or Companies, and a Balance may be due from the Publick to such Agent on Account of others of them, every such Agent shall and he is hereby require I annually to transmit to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, together with the Copy of his annual Accounts hereby required to be transmitted, a general Abstract thereof, including all the Regiments, Troops, or Companies for which he is Agent, in order that it may appear to the Satisfaction of the Paymaster Gen.-rsd, whether, upon the Whole of such Accounts, a Balance shall be due to or from the Publick; and in every Case in which such AbtlraCl as by this Act is required shall be transmitted, it shall not be lawful for the Pay miller General to requi e such Agent to pay into the Bank of England, a Sum greater on the Whole on the Account of fu: li Balances which may be due from him on Account of the respective Regiments, Troops, or Companies for which he is Agent, than (h11 appear to be in his Hands upon the Whole of the said Accounts: Provided always, that so long as r. y such Balance shall remain due from such Agent to the Publick on the Whole of the said Accounts, no Mo »ies shall be issued by the Paymaster General to such Agent, on Account of any Regiment, Troop, or Company.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies whatever which may at any Time become payable by any Person or Persons whom foe ver to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, shall be paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; and Certificate of such Payments, which shall be sufficient Discharges to the Persons paying such Money, shall be granted in like Manner as is herein directed in Cases of Balances paid by Agents into the Bank of England;and all Monies when so paid into the Bank of England, as well by Agents or any other Person or Persons, shall be placed to the same Account, and be drawn for in the same Manner, as if the same had been issued from the Exchequer in pursuance of any Memorial presented by the Paymaster General, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, and also for the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, whenever they shall think fit, to require any Agent or Agents to make up in the Coarse of any Year such Account or Accounts as the Secretary at War, or the Paymaster General of His Majesty's forces, may have Occasion for, and also to require any Person or Persons who shall have been an Agent or Agents, but who shall have ceased to be such, or the Representatives of such Agent or Agents, to make up and transmit such Accounts for the Whole or any Part of the Periods during which he or they shall have b-»c*i art Agent or Agents, and which shall not have been finally settled, as the Secretary at War or Payma ler General may have Occasion for; and any such Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons having been an Agent or Agents, or the Reprefer.tatives oi any such Agent or Agents, refusing Obedience to such Requisition or Requisitions, or neglecting for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the same shall have been made to obey the fame, shall for every Offence be liable to the like Penalty, and to be recoverable in the like Manner as is here in-before provided in case of Failure to transmit such annual Accounts as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to exonerate the Colonel or Commandant of any Regiment, Tr >oo, or Company, or the Representatives of any such Colonel or Commandant, from any Responsibility to which he or they is or are or may be liable, for any Failure or Deficiency of the respective A gents of such Regiments, Troons, or Companies.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to the makhig any Alteration in the present Mode or Regulation of the Two Regiments of Life Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, or the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, but the same shall continue in the Practice of the lame* Mode and Regulations as they weald otherwise have d#ne had this A Cl not been made.

479

and transmit Cettificires and Warrants, to Paymaster.

Application of Ex: ef> and Charge of Deficiency.

Agrnti (halt pay their B iIimccs into the Bulk on Requisition of the Paymaster vi'hin one Mo »; h; or the same shall be r-coverab'e as 1 Debt on Rccjid.

Agents, for more than one R giment, shall annu dly transmit \blliadt of all Accounts, to (h 'w the General Balance due to or from him, &c.

All Moniet

payable to P-ivm «fter General, shall he paid into the Bank.

See f. is.]

Agents shall make up all such Account!, as Secretary at War or Paymaster Gene*al may requite.

Pena fry on Neglect,

See f. 21.

A£[ shall not extend to Life GuaiUs, fee.

4-So C. 59.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Irish

35 G. 3- c. 29. f.30, &c.

Perform pofb fling a Freehold ».nd: r sol., not arising from a Rent Charge, (h; ill register the lame, as hereby directccl, on Oath.

Porra of Oath.

Trochoids not arising by Deed, &c. flbail be truly described in the Oath.

Oath shall be recorded.

Deed, tec. so produced, fh t'l be marked and regiUucd.

P.-rfons shall not

vote for such Freehold unless registered it .'Months,

CAP. LIX.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty iving George the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein } rationed, it is enacted, that no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, by virtue of a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, unless such Freehold shall have been in his actual Occupation,

either by his residing thereon, or tilling or grazing the same to the Amount of Forty Shillings yearly Value

thereof, at the Time of his registering the same pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act, and also for Si*

successive Calendar Months at the least between the Date of such Registry and the Teste of the Writ for holding the Election, unless such Freehold shall have come to such Person by Devise, Descent, Marriage, or Marriage Settlement, and was demised at the Time it so came, and continued at the Time of such Election to' be held under him by virtue of such Demise: And whereas the aforesaid wholesome Provisions of the said recited Act may be evaded by pretended Grants of or Agreements for Leases for a Life or Lives, though no Lease shall have been executed, or such Life or Lives been nominated : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall register a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, not arising from a Rent Charge, shall register the same in Maimer and Form following, instead of* registering it in Manner and Form prescribed by said recited Act, or any Law or Laws now in force; (that is to fayJ, he shall at a Sessions of the Peace for the County, County of a Town* or City, wherein his Freeliola lies, held Twelve Months at the least previous to the Teste of the Writ for holding he Election at which he shall tender his Vote, produce in open Court the Deed, Lease, or Instrument under which his Freehold arises, and take and subscribe the following Oath, or, if a Quaker, the following Affirmation:

I A.B. of in the County of f or, of the County of the City, or.

Town of as the Case maybe'], do swear [or if a Quaker, affirm], That I am a

Freeholder of the County of and that have a Freehold therein, arising from [an

House or Houses, Land, or both, Or other Hereditaments, as the Case may be], of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings at the least above all Charges payable out of the fame, lying and being at

4 [ naming the ownland or Townlands, or other Denomination by which the Place is generally known, and Barony or Half Barony, or Baronies or Half Baronies wherein it is fttuate], in this County [and if in a City or 'Town,

4 or County of a City or Town, naming the fame, and the Street, and Square, Row, Alley, Lane, or Place]; and that the said Freehold does not arise from a Rent Charge; and that the same arises by virtue of the Deed,

Lease, or Instrument which I now produce, bearing Date the Day of

4 in the Year for the Life or Lives of A.B. and C.D. [or in case the said

Freehold be hot for Life or Lives, then Jlating the Nature of his Tenure, as the Case may be], at the yearly Kent

4 of; and that I am in the actual Occupation thereof, by residing thereon,

4 or by tilling, or by grazing, or by both tilling and grazing [as the Case may be], to the Amount of at least Forty Shillings yearly Value thereof; and that the said Freehold is not set or agreed to be set to the Person or Persons who executed the said Deed, Lease, or Instrument, or to the Heirs or Assigns of such Person or Persons, or to any one in Trust for him, her, or them, nor do I intend to set the same to such Person or Persons, or any of them; and that I have not agreed to set it for the Term for which I hold it; nor have I 4 procured it fraudulently, or in Exchange for a Freehold in any other County. So help me GOD.*

And if the Freehold in right or virtue whereof any Person shall desire to qualify himself to vote, shall not arise by virtue of a Deed, Lease, or Instrument, the Person desiring to register it shall describe the same in the Oath or Affirmation so to be taken by him, according to the true State and Nature of his Tenure; in which Case the Words in the foregoing Oath, importing that the same arises by virtue of Deed, Lease, or Instrument, shall be omitted, and such Description inserted in the Place thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That every such Oath or Affirmation shall be read aloud in open Court, and be signed by Two at least of the Justices presiding there; and shall be then delivered by the Court to the acting Clerk of the Peace, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the County, County of a City, or Town, wherein such Freehold shall lie.

III. And be it further enacted, That ever)* Deed, Lease, or Instrument produced by any Person making the Affidavit or Affirmation aforesaid, shall be indorsed at the Time in open Court by the acting Clerk of the P ace, with his Name and the Day of the Month and Year; and the Clerk of the Peace shall then and there compare the Deed, Lease, or Instrument with the Affidavit of Registry; and he shall within Ten Days from the Date thereof, enter in the Book of his Registry the Date thereof, the Names of the Parties, and the Name or Names of the Life or Lives for which the same is held.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Person shall be admitted to vote at any Election to be held in Ireland fora Member or Members to serve in Parliament, by virtue of a Freehold under the clear yearly Value of Twenty Pounds,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

c. 59. 4$1

shall HJltf Firncuhft crt* Ficeliuld;

Oath : f rn^iirti.

Fm of #>Hi.

who shall not have so registered His Freehold Twelve Calendar Months at the lead before the Tcfle of the ^Vrit so* holding the Eicftion at which he shall offer his Vote 5 and that every Person who shall offer to vote 2°, ^!I, ?* at a Freeholder, in right of a Freehold Under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, shall, before he shall he n % '1'*admitted to poll at any Election, if required by the Sheriff or any Elector, declare upon Oath from whom he holds or demes his Freehold, if hie holds it under any Person or Perfoire $ and if the same be situate in a City,

Town Corporate, or Market Town, and describe the Street or Part of the City or Town in which the same H situate, send who are his next resident Neighbours, and when the same was granted, and for what Life or Lives, and whether such Life or Lives, or any of them, is or are in being at the Time of such Election; and Whether be it the Person Who actually registered the Freehold under which he desires to vote; and the said Declarations, in att such Cases, shall be entered in the Poll Book taken by the Sheriffs, or their Deputies, at foeh Election j and he shall; if so required by any Eieftor, before he be admitted to poll, take the following Oath:

I A.B. of in the County of [or, of the Town or City

of ], do swear [or, if a Quaker, do affirm]. That I am a Freeholder of this

County; and that bdve a Freehold therein arising from a House or Houses, Land, or both, or other

Hereditaments [eu the Case may he], of the yearly Value of Forty Shillings at the least, above all Charge*

payable out of the same, ' lying and being at in the Barouy or Baronies, Half Barony

or Half Baronies of in this County [and if in a City-or Town, or County of a City

1 or Town, naming the same, and the Street9 Square^ Row, Alley, Lane, of Place]; and that the said Freehold

t does not arise ffom a Rent Charge. 80 help me GOD. 1

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Candidate or Elector shall define the Word* following to be added, ' and that the same arises by virtue of a Deed, Leife, or Instrument [or otherwise, m*the Caje may bearing Date the Day of in the Year

" for the Life or Lives of; and that the said one of the aforesaidd

Lives, is dill dive to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief [unless he is himself ohe of the Levee, in whtoh x Gqfc ht shall swear, that I am one of the Lives therein, inf cad of the Words, that the said

one of the aforesaid Lives, is (Ull alive, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief; '] for in case the said .Freehold be not for Life or Lives, then dating the Nature of his Tenure], or the Words following, 1 ajfed that I have been in the actual Occupation thereof for Twelve successive Calendar Months, between

[naming tie Daghe regiJUred the fame], and [naming the Date of the Tefie of the Writ

0 »th at CSe&ioa (halt be in

(4

former A&l extended to this.

or the Words olio wing, and that the said Freehold is not let, or agreed who executed the said Deed, Leaf?, or Instrument, or to the Heirs or Assigns of such Person or Persons,

or to any o*e in Tmd for him or them; nor do I intend to set the same to such Person or Persons, or any of

them; and that I have not set it, or agreed to set it, for the Term for which I hold it; and that I have

not been polled before at this Election; and that I am, to the bed of my Belief, of the Age of Twenty-4>ae 4 Years; the same shall, or so much thereof as shall be so desired, shall be added to the said Oath or Affirmation, before the Person offering to vote, shall be admitted to poll.

VIv And be it further enacted, That the Blanks m "the said Oath or Affirmation shall he filled up in Conformity to the Oath or Affirmation which the Person going to take the same shall have taken at the Time Co.if'irmity of his regidering such Freehold. ttm on Rrgiftry- (Srtf »)

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all the Provisons,

Claufas, Conditions, Regulations, and Penalties of the said recited Acts, or any Acts amending the Came, with respect to Freeholds, under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and which are not hereby altered or repealed, shall be applied, coastrocd, deemed, and taken to extend to Freeholds under the Value of Twenty Pounds, the Registry whereof is by this Act directed and required, as fully and Cfftftually tirif the same were hereby and hereiq specifically enacted and applied thereto. 6r«nti of

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any rerson or Persons shall fraudulently and knowingly grant any Inhere# f.audolent Five-importing to be a Freehold, which really is not so, with Intent to enable any Person to vote, such Grant shall holds, (Hall He be good and valid against the Grantor thereof for every Purpose but enabling the Grantee to vote. valid U*'n<t the Grantor.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if such Grantor shall be possessed only of a Term of Years therein, Penalty 00 and shall demise the fame, or any Part thereof, for a Life or Lives, with Intent to induce the Lessee therein to '

register such as a Freehold, or to vote as a Freeholder thereout, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred r*°*1 Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Law.

X. And, for the better focuring the Performance of the Duties hereby and by the said in Part recited Act, Oathof or by any other Act or Acts directed to be performed by the Clerit of the Peace or his Deputy* in respect to ietforaanSsoS the Kegiflry of Freeholds 5 be it further enacted, That the ffeveral Clerks of the Peace or their Deputies, of the several Counties d£ Ireland, shall at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, next after the passing of this Act, or at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof next after his Appointment, take and subscribe an Oath in the Form following; and which Oath, the Justices presiding at the said Session are hereby flirested and empowered to administer;

*T A.B. Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the County of [as the Case may be]*

*wtar' ^at I will faithfully nrtd honestly, and without Favour or Affection, perform and discharge

- an Act Ofcfied

intituled, An J$Oeo. ?.c 19

1therein

45 Geo. 'III. 3 Q 4 mentioned 1

482. C. 59"6i*

GEORGII

A.b.

of

Rentiers iVtall*be ^ivm by Clerk of Peace, (See Schedule.)

Person* having registered Freeholds before 1 Aug. i8o>, under ending A At, may., v. te at ai, y Ric£li<»n previous to 29 Sept. 1809, bfproducing ' their &ecd.

'*- 1 Adjournments a'd Lapfc of 3eif ous.

Arid. which Oath the Taid* Clerks and Deputy Clerks of the Peace are thereby retjuVed to deliver to the Treasurer of the County, to preserve amongst his Records of the Coil nty..fr , .r'> : rr;

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Several and respective Clerks and Deputy of thtfPeftcp

flvdl from Time to Time, as directed by the said in Part recited Act of the Tlurty^ftl>, iY^ar JE^tprelfm^ Majesty's Reign, give to every Freeholder who shall require the fame, a full, true, and porredl , I^ti*T*.of^he Names of all such Persons as shall register their Freeholds according to the Directions tjtjs tVe

ia'id Act of the Thirty-fifth Year of-His present Majesty's Reign, and shall pertify qt tkf Foot, thsrepf the said Return so made is true and correct, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed..v, f; wc; t f T' ^n.- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall e*tepd, _, or The fccmilrucd to extend, to prevent any Person who shall have registered 1m Freehold before the First Dajtof yinjrn(I n^\ ^en filing, pursuant tOihe Laws in force for that Purpose, from voting at ?ry, JL^dlioa for a ^embef Meidbefrs to serve in Parliament, the Teste of the ^Vrit for holding which b^orc fth$

Y\frftity-ninih of September One thousand eight hundred and ninet but every Person wh^mighi^bYtlia Law iq Cfr^vme 'at*any such Ele&ioo, shall and mdy vote thereat as fully and freely; to all Intents and £uq»QuesJa* If this : Act had not been made, subject to all &nd fingalar the Claufca, .Conditions, ^Oathsj.and f^e^uUtions appointed &nd provided4 by the said in Part recited Act; provided He shall produce'to tjhe Retuimin^jlficciY if inquired by him or any Eldftt)!', the Deed, Lpafe, Article, or Agreement qnder wijich he (Hall have registered sech Freehold, duly executed prior to such Registry.*j ' # {, 1*'l' 1

XIII. And, for the greater Convenience of registering Freeholds, be It eniMd^Tha^itV&ry Aldjfcbrtinjent fcifk Sefflions of thmPeace, and every Adjournment of an Adjournment, (halt be deemed VSeffiotisi. of thy Pe^ce 4riihhrtheL'Meaning of the ibid Act and this present Act; and in case there shall JhayeIbettf '^jotjniyehy such Sessions, or no Adjournutent of an Adjournment of such $elfiontf, and tharfqcn S^fiidn^fh$! jh $££ case tatifeyi Stffiians shall be holden at which the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall Jar^s^hcnpby fe^uirtd' ta atttiidy forjho Purpose ofregiftcring of Freeholders, the First Monday in the next Mdnthi dt^the' the la(l General Selfionfc of the Peace shall have been held for the Purpose of regift^ring jAe^ and ^\yry

Penalty ort P<rjury and Subornation as tinder cxilting AAt.

appointed or authorized to he taken at any Registry, or before .any Returning Officer or .OfBpers. fh^th^ebycOnimit wfifkd PemriTf and be thei^of convicted; or if any Person shall uffbwfilfiy rand dorrqptry procure 6r fbboim any other Person to-take any such Oath or Affirmation, wherbby he Vr. such Pejfbiror Perlbhs shall "epmnSit? such wilful Penury, hnd (half be thereof convicted^ he or such Person ot* Persons so offepdlfig incur

'fWfcfrPairre and Pdnalries asJ are inflicted by any Act or Acts for the more effedluaT prev^ntin^g and further Putelhment of Perjury and Subpmation of Perjury.*V '*

4 r > r -

-SCHEDULE to which this Act : /j; ...a\w '

v: t

->-T- - H

: Lt\ ,

'*r -A

r\

'r'-jb..'

Name of f Frrc holder and: _ Rc^dericv.' Name of Lam!)oi<f and Residence. Value of Freehold. Description Situation. Barony oy tUf B-rony^ Naap°f of Irjfe p/ Live>9r9other Tenuice. " — 1 r vf Lr Kept, 0 - r; *Dat»of Regidry,

; i..» .J ^t 1' - ( r - i \ > f r 1< 1 I of rr: r. > >; 'T 1 .r

i I I.

CAP. LX

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain -4*A 'w'hifc*disembodied., (j.June 1805.]

?i, ' [Continuance of Act 25 March 1805. §10. — See 43 Geo. 3. c. 72* to which this Act isfreci/elyjtmilar.]

CAP. UOL. f

An Act to feWve and further continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March Orje tijoufapd! eight»*4° G' 3* j and fix, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-injmfrajjd Focuclh ^eats % of

- His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors

- MPityid* disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament. .k^°S3

[See 42 Geo. 3. r. 64. to which this Act is similar, mutatis mutandis. ]; . - 1

" A P.

'.r

i -:

k»

A.D. 1

45", GEORGII, III.

w J. -» J 1 i v^>

C. 62 — 64. 483

; ' c a fp. lxii.

An Act for defraying, the Charge of the Pay ?nd Cloashing of the Militia in Great Britain for the -c Vear One thoafwwi eight hundred and five.

[27th June 1805.]

[At 43 G; 3. c. 94. mutatis mutandis $ except §141 15, for which See 44 G. 3. c. 39 ]

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, the Charge of the Pay and Cloa hing of the Militia oijreland\ for holding Comts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peatev id t> [27th June 1805.]

[^43 G. 3. c. 85. to which this Act is similar, »utatis mutandis.]

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fill! Year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounces for raking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made, in the Parliament of the United Kingdom in the FortyTirfi Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting Bounties for taking raid bringing Fishto the Cities

of London rnd Well mir. tier, end ether Placet in the United Kingdom, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury were empowered, for the Purpose of encouraging and promoting a Supply of fresh Fish, to give

and grant certain Premiums, Sums of Money, and Bounties, to Persons taking and bringing Fish to, the Markets of any City, Town, or Port in the United Kingdom, and to apply any such Sum or Sums of Money ' they (hoidd* think necessary, in the Payment of any Expences incurred in the promoting and encouraging an Increase of the Supply of Fish; provided that such Bounties, Premiums, and other Sums of Money, should not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, the Sum of Six thousand Pounds has been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland for the Purposes of the said Act, but the greater Part thereof has not yet been applied to the said Purposes; and it is expedient that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, should be enabled and empowered to direct the Disposal of so milch of the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds as remains unapplied, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries and Navigation on the Coasts of Ireland in Manner heremaster mentioned p be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cuilfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to give and grant the said Sum, or any Part thereof, for the

41 S 3. (CMC) c. 99.

Purpose of purchasing Fish caught ot cured upon Lieutenant shall in his Discretion fee lit, and in Manner herein after directed, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever,

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fur the Time being, shall, on any Application made for that Pu pose, be of Opinion that it is fit and proper that any Harbour or Harbours should he lo enlarged or imprt ved on any Part of the said Coast, and any Berfo* or Persons shall be desirous of making, enlarging, or improw* r the fame, with the AfTiflance of fuclv Sums of Money as may be given or granted as aforesaid, a Plan and Survey of such Harbour shall be laid before the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, and also an F.flimate of the Expence of making, enlarging, or improving rbe fame,

which SuiVey and Elumato shall be verified by the Oath of the Party making the same; and iFfoch Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall approve of the said Plan or Survey and Estimate; and if and so soon a* a Sum equal ter One Moiety of the Expence so efPmatVd for making, enlarging, or improving any such Harbour, /half be paid or secured to be paid to the Satisfaction of the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ircl vd for the Time being, 'or irisV.r'their Chief Secretary, and also Security given to the Satufrft i ri of the said Lord Lieutenant, or oth^r Cl\f Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, that th* P< rfdu'oi* Persons paying the said .Sum, or securing the same to be paid, will further bear and defray a?I such futtfier

6, 000l. paid iflto Lxchcqoci of Ireland. Expedient that Lord Lieutenant be empowered to dispose of tl.e unapplied Pait of said Sum. Lord Lieutenant empowered so to do fi*r Improvement of Harbours.

Upon Applirx-ti i> Lord Lieutenant empowered to % order Ttcaftity t» adv.oico 0«e Moiety uf.i unt requited fot u; x«

P; .'": »*'»*Y

U .II hour uppj§ Faimare, ana 5 ecu ity for Pa) met t i f the Ot,r Moiety by the App.icant.

Expences beyond such ellimp.ted Expence as fiiallhr necesikry t.o complete th

ic enlarging 0;

imj: so?: n^ of th^ laid

A - w-1 V.ft

- 4 f^. j 1 j

Harbour; according to fjcii Plan and Estimate, it shall and n ay be lawful for the said LoVd'Li or

other Chief Governor or Governors of Irek, nd for the Time being, to order and direct rhtf Coir ini fii OneiT. for executing the Office (>f Lord High ffreaiutcr of Ini vd, to issue and pay a Sum of Mon^y Fgufct toTCJrc Moiety of the Expence so estimated, to be paid and applied for the Purpose of making, or implying

such Harbour, in inch Sums and at such Times, and in such Manner and Propitious, and under- fifeli : Rhifes, Regulations, Terms, and Conditions, ami to annex any such Forfi.hures for Breach of such RtijA/Rejpifjrions, Terms, and Conditions, as 30 such Lord Lioutcnayt, or other Clues Governor or ra^ift/rd'ndfvt ?! 1C

3 Q z

4?4

Expence exceeding ElUnutc, shall be paid bf Fattier.

Recital of Act

G. 3. c. 48.

(I. 4.J again# bpoiJingWood*.

Iteeral of Act

5 O. 3-

[f 8. and See to O. 3. c. 30 ] extending 6 G. 3. c. 36. to Hollies,

C. 64 — 66. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Time being, shall Teem bell suited to the promoting the beneficial Purposes of this Act; and the enlarging and improving such Harbours, shall be forthwith proceeded on and completed agreeably to such Plan and Survey, or to such other Plan as may, upon subsequent Consideration, be approved of by the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, so that the Execution thereof shall not exceed the said estimated Expence.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the actual Expence of enlarging or improving any such Harbour shall exceed the estimated Expence, all such Excess of Expence shall be defrayed by the Person or Persons who shall have given the Security herein directed.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fir, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several publick Offices in Ireland\ therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame; and into the present Mode of receiving, coliefling, ifluuig, and accounting for publick Money in Ireland\

(47th June 1805.]

41 The Act 44 G. 3. c. 106. recited and continued. § I. — Treasury of Ireland empowered to issue 2, ooooL 44 beyond the Sum mentioned in recited Act for Payment of Clerks, &c. and other Expences attending the Execution of Act. $ 2. — Continuance of Act 29 Sept. xBo6, &c. f 3."

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to prevent in Great Britain the illegally carrying away Bark; and for amending Two Acts> passed in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Preservation of Timber Trees, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better PreferVV vation of Timber Trees, and of Woods and Underwoods, and for the further Preservation of Roots, Shrubs, and Plants, it was enacted, that all and every Person and Persons, who, from and after the Twenty - fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, should go into the Woods, Underwoods, or Wood Grounds of any of His Majesty's Subjects, not being the lawful Owner or Owners thereof, and should there cut, lop, top, or spoil, split down, or damage, or otherwise destroy any Kind of Wood or Underwood, Polc6, Sticks of Wood, Green Stubs, br young Trees, or carry and convey away the fame, or should

have in his, her, or their Custody any Kind of Wood or Underwood, Poles, Sticks of Wood, Green Stubs, or young Trees, and should not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they came by the fame, anct should be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on the Oath of

One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, should for the first Offence forfeit and pay, immediately on

Conviction, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with the Charges previous to and

attending such Conviction, to be ascertained by the said Justice or Justices who should convict the Offender or Offenders; and if any Person or Persons should commit any of the Offences aforesaid a Second Time, and should be thereof again convicted in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they should forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, together with the Charges previous to and attending such Conviction,

to be ascertained as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons should commit any of the Offences aforesaid a 4 Third Time, that then such Person and Persons, being duly convicted thereof according to Law, should be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, and should be punished as such: And whereas by another Act passed in the Ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in Forests, Chafes, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Foresta and Chafes, it was enacted, that, from and after the First Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixtynine, the said Clause made in the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments thereby inflicted, and all other Provisions, Clauset, Matters,

and Things relating thereto, should extend, and should be deemed, taken, and construed to extend, and should be applied and put in Execution in relation to all His Majesty's Forests and Chafes within this Realm, and

to all and every Person or Persons who should, without legal Right or Authority, by Night or Day, cut down, destroy, take, carry, or convey away any Hollies, Thorns, or Quicksets, growing or being upon any of His Majesty's said Forests or Chafes, or within the Woods or Wood Grounds of any of His Majesty's 9Subjects, or who should have in his, her, or their Custody or Poflijifion any such Hollies, Thoms, or Quicksets,

and should not give a satisfactory Account howr he, she, or they carAe by the fame, and should be thereof

convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the Manner prescribed and

directed by the said Act, and such Justice or Justices is or are thereby authorized to administer Oaths, and9proceed in the like Manner for the Conviction and Punishment of every Offender in the Premises, as fully and r effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Provisions in the said Act had been therein particularly

repeated and applied to the Offences therein before specified: And whereas great Quantities of Bark have of

late been taken and carried away from out of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Chafes, by Persons not having legal Right or Authority to take and carty away the fame, and it is proper to prevent such Evil yfcaftim and Abuses for the future; and it is expedient also to extend the Provisions of the said Acts, to all

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 66, 67. 48$

Woods and Wood Grounds belonging to His Majesty, as well in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, as otherwise Therefore be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the aforesaid Clauses in the said recited Acts, and all and every the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments thereby inflicted, and all other Provisions, Matters, and Things relating thereto, shall extend, and be deemed, taken, and construed to extend, and shall be applied and put into Execution, in relation to all Woods and Wood Grounds, belonging to His Majesty/in Great Brit iin, as well in Right of His Duchy of Laneafhr as otherwise, and whether such Woods or Wood Grounds shall be within any of His Majesty's Forests or Chafes or not, and also to all and every Persons and Person who shall, without legal Right or Authority, by Night or Day, take, carry, or convey away any Bark, being in any Forests or Chafes, or Woods or Wood Grounds, belonging to His Majesty, as well m Right of His Duchy of Lancq/ler as otherwise, or within the Woods or Wood Grounds of any of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Brit An* or who studl have in his, her, Or their Custody or Possession any Bark, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he, she, or they came by the fame, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the peace, in the Manner prescribed and directed by the said first-recited Act; and such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer Oaths, and proceed in the like Manner for the Conviction and Punishment of every Offender in the Premises, as fully and effectually^ to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Provisions in the said first-recited Act had been herein particularly repeated and applied to the Offences herein-before specified.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Conviction and Convictions of all and every Offenders and Offender against this Act shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the same shall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and that such Conviction shall be. fairly written on Parchment or Paper, in the following Form of Words, or (as the Case shall happen}, in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; that is to say,

4 7 PE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

4 to wit. j A. R> was, upon the Complaint

4 of C.D convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for 4 [as the Case shall be.] Given under Hand and Seal r the Day and Year above written.'

Which said Conviction shall be good and effe6hial in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, No Certiorari, set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for want of any Form or Words whatsoever, nor be liable to be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final'to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall commit any of the said Offences specified in the said recited Acto or this Act more than Three Times, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in the Manner prescribed and directed by the said first recited Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, committed subsequent to the Third Offence, be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible Rogue or Rogues, and shall be punished as such.

Provisions of recited A£\s extended to ail Woods belonging to His Majesty, and to Persons taking away Bark from Woods of His Majesty or any of His Subjects, or having it unlawfully in their Possession.

Con vision shall be certified to the Sessions.

Fonn of Con-vision.

After more than Three Offences, Offenders shall be punished at incorrigible Rogues.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Spar.ish Red Wine imported into Great f Set as to Irr-Britain.

[27th June 1805.] Utui 1

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Customa should be granted on the Importation 4 of Spanish Red Wine into Great Britain; ' may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kiag's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of 7uly One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied. Additional Duty collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeuors, an additional Duty of Customa of Twelve of Outturns of Pounds' for every Tun, containing Two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, of Spanish Red Wine imported or on

brought into Great Britain; and there shall be paid and allowed for every Tun, containing Two hundred and wine, imported, fifty-two Gallons, for or in respect whereof the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, which shall be and Drawback exported to Foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers, to like Amount, or Seller or Sellers of such Wine, the Sum of Twelve Pounds; which Duty and Drawback respectively, shall be managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, in such and the like Marnier, and by the same Means, Ways, or Methods, in every respect as the Duty of Customs on Spanish Red Wine imposed by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal 43 G-, 3-the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Dutia in lieu thereof is managed, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed.

+86 p. 63.

45° GEORGII III.

A.p. i$p$,

tt Ameftat. c i6, r. 2, 3. a# ro Bounty of id. per Ell of

British-rnade

5ail Cloth, [A*/f-Continued by 39 Sc AO G. 3.

e 4 v f- 3*} made

perpeiujl*

9 G. 2. c. 37. for regulating fhc M*tnti future of t British S.iil Cloth (a* imended by 3} G. 3. c. 49; ) made perpetual.

36 G. 3* c. r©8. 39 St 4gG. 3..r. 45. f 4.

T9 O. 2. c. 27. f->r recnrtngihe' Dutie* on Foreign Sail Cloth (/u/? <0.1-tinued by 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 45 f. 5.) made perpetual j ex-.ccpt Provisions relating to Duties under 12 Ann. ft. 1. C. 16; but which shall be applied to ©aiding Duties.

43 O. 3. c. 10 5. for permitting the* Exportation of Corn, Sec, to Gurmfey, Sec. made perpefu ill

10 G. 3. c. 37. f. 2. regulating Officers of the Culloins

Stc. of ir.c

Bri ith Colonies in A mci ica; and f 6 G. 3. c. 47.

f J. a* ro 1 ite Fees of Ofii ers o* Cuiioms in Nc wf.undlanci;

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for making perpetual amending several Eaws fv>r encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; and "for making perpetual several Laws for permuting the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Corn and Grain io Guernsey, strfry, and Alderney-, and for regulating else Fees of Officers of tHc Customs, and of Naval Officers in the British Colonies in A/acrica, , and 0of the Offices of the Customs in Newfoundland. \ [27th June

WHEREAS Jthe several Laws and Parts of Laws herein after mentioned haveheen found beneficial and are near expiring; and it is expedient that the same should be piade perpetual, be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent MajdW, by and with the Advice find Consent of \bb"Lords Spiritual; and Temporal, and Commonjs, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Atithonty of the fame, Tftat £0 much and such Parts of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen An/fy intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sit'd Cloth in Great Britain; and which was to continue in force For Seven Yearns, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; arid which was further continued by several subsequent Acts of, Parliament; and laTPy, by an Act made in the Thirty-nmth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Was continued until fh£ Twenty-rfiritli Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament} as relate to the Bounty of One 'Penny for every Ell of British-rnAQie Sail Cloth or .Canvas exported out of Great Britain by vyay of .Merchandize, and also so milch and such Parts of the said recited Act as relate to the Penalty thereby, imposed for every Ell of 7?r/7//ft*i made Sail Cloth brought hack or reknded in Great Britain, shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the mire tffedual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail ( loth imported into this Kingdom / which was to cog-tinue mlbmce from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six for the Term of Five Years and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament t and which was further continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament until the Twenty-minth Day of SefUmter One thousand seven hundred and niiiety-two, and from thence to the Enel of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act made hi the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty \Vas amended and further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to ffie End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by Two subsequent Acts made in the Thirty-frxth and Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign was further continued until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred, apd four, and from thence to the End of the then iiext Session of Parliament, shall be and the fame, as so amended, is hereby made perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more tffc3ual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign* made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging, all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explain-ing a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their Just Jetting out to Sea to be furnished with One complete Set of Satis made of British Sail Cloth, and which was to Continue in force for the Term of Seven Years from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and which was further continued by several Acts of Parliament, and lastly by an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, and fpom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, (except in so far as any of the Provision9 thereof relate to the Duties granted by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne upon Foreign Sails imported into Great Britain, and which have "by subsequent Laws been repealed and other Duties granted in lieu thereof), shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual: Provided always, that all and every the Provisions of the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, which relate to the said Duties granted by the said Act of her late Majesty Queen Anne, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, be applied and put in force in relation to any Duties now payable in respect of Foreign Sail Cloth imported into Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the Exportation for Two Teart of a certain Quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernfrv, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England, as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain ReJlri3ions, and which Act will expire on the Twenty-feveath Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval OS&cers of the British Colonies in America, which was to be in force from the First Day of August One thousand seven hundred and seventy for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by Four Acts made in the Twelfth, Fourteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the Ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and also so much of an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland which was to continue in force so long as the Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, and which was revived and continued by an Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of

the

A.D. 1865. 45° GEORGII III. C. 60, 70. 487

the Reign of His frfcfent Majesty, and further continued by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty until the Ninth Day of Mdy One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the End of the theii next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

CAP. LXIX.

[both last cox-tinue.i by

39 & 40 G. 3. c-4S- f-] made perpetual.

*'1 «.

An Act for vesting in the Barrarck Master General for the Tinfte being, Estatet, hftd or occupi d for the Barrack Service; and authorizing him to sell the same# Vvith the Consent of the Loida CommissionfcrS of His Majesty's Treafu'ry.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which have at various Times been purchased for the Service of the Barrack Department, or which are now held by or vested in the late Barrack Master General, or the present Barrack Master General, or any other Person or Persons for the Use of the said Service; and also that all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which may hereafter be purchased for the said Service, should be vested in the Barrack Master

General for the Time being, and his Successors in the said Office, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for the P rpofos of the said Service, or fbrdnch other Publick Service or Serviecs.afc His Majesty may from Time to Time direct: And whereas it may become expedient, from Time to Time, tofell such of the said Messuaget, Lands, and Hereditaments now vested in the Barrack Master General, or any other Person or Persons, or'which may hereafter be purchased for the Service of the said Department, asmay not be required for such Service; or for'arty other Publick Service or Services be it therefore enacted )jy the Kind's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice ancf Copfent of (he'LordS Spiriturfd Temi-

jporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and All Prenjife* after the passing of this Act, all and singular the Messuages, Lririds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, 'which Cpj-

Jhaye been conveyed to or &re now veiled in Lieutenant General Oliver ^De Lartcty hte Barrack Miftei*1 General,

'or Lieutenant General George IIItviti now Bttrrhck Matter General, or dny other Person or Persons in Trust. and prefcni /or His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Bafrack Department, and all Erections and Bairack. Miller 'Buildings which dow are or which shall be hereafter erected'arid built thereon, togetherAvith the Rights, C^ncrai, &c.

Members, Eafemehtk, and Appurteiiances to the faitle respectively belonging, (other than. and except such the Banaclc

ilefluages, 'Larids, Tenemtrits, and Hereditaments, may be 6f of Tenure), and, - from add after <rall otncV

'(he .^urchafe'arid Conveyance, Grant or Demise thereof, all 6ther Melfoages, ' "Lands, Tenements, and Premises Her^ditamenfs, 'which shall at any Time* or Titties hereafter be purchased by the Barrack'Master General for the Hereafter to W ^Time Jt>eing, for the Service of the Barrack.Department, and all Erections and Buildings, which now are or purchased for Wich shall be hereafter erected arid built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenance*

"tq*" the same respectively belonging, shall be arid beebme and remain and continue vested in the' Barrack Master j/the jWwlk general for the Time; being, and his Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality and M* for General*

Eft ate and' Interest of and In the same Hereditaments hnd Premises respectively; and that upon the Death, for the T»me

f Rest gnat ion, or RertoVal of the present and every future Barrack Mailer General, all such Messuages, Lands, Tract*

tenements, and Hereditaments respectively (other than and elccept'aS rifordaid^ shall become veiled in and be held % the succeeding Barfa^k Maftet General, and so in pefpetnal Succession according to the Nature and Quality and Estate arid Interest of and in the same ref]ieftirely, in 1 Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of, the Barrack Department, or forfobh*other Pbhiick'Service or Services as His Stajeft y, ' I|is.Heirs and Sudcessors, shall from Titne to Time'be pleased to-direct.

/ II.* And be it furthef enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Barrack Mhfter General for the Time* bein£, Barnck: M\fter with the'.Client and Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His MafellyV Treasury, or any Three or Generahwih 'more of them ffiibh Content and Approbation to be certified by One of the 'Secretaries to the said Lards Conicnt of the Commissioners^byAy his Hand and Seal) to sell and dispose of* any of the Messuages,; Lands, ni3*

Tenements, or Hereditaments, Which shall veiledvin the said Barrack Master General for the Tame being, premif*s.

with their respective Appurtenances, ' either by publifck 'Auction or private Cointraft, and in due Form of

Law'to convey, atfign/and triake over the same to any Person ?of Pbrfotiy who shall be-willing to purchase

the fame respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to'nrife and be produced by the Sttle of any of the said ntHing

{ Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which (half be sold under the Pmvilions of this present Act, by such Sales ffiain>e paid by the refjxrftive Purchaser of Purchasers thereof into the Bank of England; and shall be there 1>* P3|d placed to (he Account of the Barrack Mrifter General for the Time being of His Majesty's Forces, of to suchl, to ] other Account in the Bdnk of England as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty*8 Treasury* for the Time^Treafu^V .being, or any Three or more of them, shall direct; and the Receipt of any One of the Cashiers of the Bank*T

if England for such Monies shall effiiftually discharge the Purchaser or Purchaser* by whom or on whose Account the same shall be so paid into the Bank of England.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to reftiT? a Mistake in the Name of one of the Commissioners; appointed by an Act, passed in thd present Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to* enquire into the Publiclfc Expenditure, and the Conductof Publick Business^ in the Military Departments-therein mentionedr

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act hath passed in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to 45 G. j.^47; \ esquire and examine into the Publick Expenditure, and the Condiift of Publick Business, in the ^Military Departments therein mentioned; and to report such Observionsas shall occur to them for correct

in

C. /if

45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Comr.uflioner hcie: n named empowered to :& under

cited A A.

r ing or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the BuiineL 4 of the said Departments 5 to continue in force for Two Years, and from thence until the Expiration of Six

Weeks alter the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it was the Intent and

Meaning of the said Act, that Colonel Ferdinand Amelia Fairfax Beckwith Should be conllituted and

appointed one of the Commissioners for executing the Purposes thereof: And whereas, through a clerical Mi {lake, the said Ferdinand Amelia Fairfax Beckwith is in the said Act called Frederick Beckwith: Now,

for ratifying the said Mistake/ be it enacted and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefen£ Parliament jlTembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Colonel Ferdinand Amelia Fairfax Beckwith was and is one of the Commissioners intended to have been appointed by the said Act, and shall have and be inverted with the same Powers and Authorities as a Commissioner for executing the Purposes thereof, as if he had been properly named therein.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of 4*V Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in the Particulars heroin mentioned May it therefore

please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Account of the Monies received inEnVn^m* paid any Receiver General of the said Duties, or any of them, or by his Deputy or Deputies in he verified'on* England, which shall hereafter be transmitted to the Office for Taxes according to the Usage thereof, shall be verified on the Oath or Oaths of such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, to the bell of his or their Knowledge or Belief, which Oath may be administered by any Commissioner a6ling in the Execution of any of the Acts relating to the said Duties in the District where he shall so act; and such Oath shall be deemfed to be of the like Force and Effect, to infer Pains and Penalties, as any Oath to be administered by Commissioners in aiw Matter relating to the Execution of the said Acts 3 saving always, to the Barons and Officers of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England\ and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, their Power respectively to administer such Oaths according to ancient Usage.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duplicates of the Assessments directed by the said A6lx. to be sent and delivered by the respective Commissioners to the King's Remembrancer in iEngland, to be kept in His

w UIV Majesty's Exchequer, shall hereafter be sent by thim to, and delivered at the Office for Taxes, for the previous Remembrancer Inspection of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, who may cause Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, [^430.3.0.99, to be taken, and who shall afterwards transrait such Duplicates to the King's Remembrancer for the Purposes 446, ice.] mentioned in the said Acts j and if such Duplicates shall not be so delivered within the Time required by the a e ent to A.6U in that Behalf, the Clerk to the Commissioners who shall wilfully offend against the Provisions of

this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty may be recovered and applied by any Act relating to the said Duties.

III. And whereas by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

Receiver General's Acc mnts,

Q#ih before Commissioners of.Diilrish

J)up'icates of Aff; gmenu directed ro be sent to the

Tax Office, &c. Penalty for Neglect, 50l.

3 G. 3. c. 16*.*An Act 73 ]

for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for*new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in Certain Cases therein m

the Affairs of Taxes, and

granting new Duties in Ken thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conjlruded by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties therecm9

on Persons felling transmitted to His

Tax Office may border Receiver General to repay Money overpaid on AflUTments.

Tax Office may empower Receivers to set infujxr and charge Counties for Arrears of Land Tax in certain Cases. [See 41 G. 3. c. 116./. 178.]

under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Ajfvirs of Taxes; and also new Duties Carriages by Auction or on Commission , it is provided, that notwithstanding any Case ti Majesty's Judges at the Instance of an Appellant, the Instalment on the Assessment, as determined by the Commissioners, which shall become due, precedent to the Opinion being certified, shall be levied as if no such Case bad been transmittbd; and it is expedient that, upon Reversal of such Determination, Power should be given to restore the Sums overpaid be it further enacted, That, upon Proof given to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, of Payment of any Assessment which shall or ought to be reversed according to the Opinion of One of His Majesty's Judges, obtained and certified in pursuance of the said Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to direct t)i£ Receiver General to whom the Receipt of such Monies shall appertain, to repay out of any Monies in his Hands so much as shall appear to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to have been overpaid on such Assessment, and the Order of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be a sufficient Authority to such Receiver General for such Payment, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts.

IV. And whereas Receivers have in some Instances been prevented, and may hereafter be prevented,

without any wilful Neglect or Default on their Part, from parting their Land Tax Accounts in the Exchequer within the Periods prescribed by Law, by reason whereof they would be unable to set in/hper9 or charge the respective Counties, Divisions, or Places, for which they are Receivers for any Monies which may be in arrear and unpaid, and would become answerable for such Monies in arrear; and it is expedient to provide Relief in such Cases be it therefore enacted, That whenever it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of* Taxes, or any Three or more of them, that the Receiver of any County, Division, or Place in England, hath been prevented by reason of correct and proper Duplicates of Land Tax not having been transmitted to him, or for any other Cause, not arising from his own willul Neglect or Default

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 71, 72. 489

from passing his Land Tar Accounts in the Exchequer, either for the Year ending the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or for any subsequent Years, within the Periods prescribed by Law for passing Accounts of Land Tax by Receivers, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to authorize and empower such Receiver to set insuper or charge such County, Division, or Place, for any Monies granted by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, 3$ G. 3, c. 5. which shall be in arrear and unpaid; and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Receiver to set insuper and charge such County, Division, or Place, for the Monies so in ?\rrear and unpaid, in like Manner in alt Respects, and such and the like Process may and shall thereupon issue for the Recovery thereof, as- if such Accounts had been declared and passed in the Exchequer, within the Period prescribed by Law for passing Accounts of Land Tax by Receivers.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's 43 G. 3. t. r6c.

Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money; and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice-Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands: And whereas since

the passing of the said Act, and the issuing of the several Orders and Proclamations therein mentioned, divers injurious Proceedings have also been had in certain Countries, styling themselves, The Italian and Ligurian Republicks, and in Spain, m Derogation of the Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and the just Rights of His Subjects: And whereas His Majesty, by His Order in Council, dated the Seventeenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, was pleased to order that general Reprisals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of Countries styling themselves The Italian and Ligurian Republicks: And whereas His Majesty, by His Order in Council of the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, was pleased to order, that general Reprisals be granted against the Ships, Goods, and Subjects of the King

of Spain, so that as well His Majesty's Fleet and Ships, as also all other Ships and Vessels that should be commissioned by Letter^ of Marque,

+or general Reprisals, or otherwise, by His Majesty's Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall, and lawfully may, seize all Ships, Vessels, and Goods belonging to the said Countries, or the King of Spain, or to any Persons being Subjects of the said Countries, or of the King of Spain, or inhabiting within any of the Territories of the Countnes, styling themselves The Italian and Ligurian Republicks, or the King of Spain: And whereas His Majesty hath, by His Royal Munificence, been graciously pleased, by His Proclamation dated the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, to declare His Intention to give the Benefit of all Prizes taken during the present War to the Captors thereof, being in His Majesty's Service, or duly commissioned; And whereas it is expedient to make further Regulations as to Prize Agents, and the Business of Prize Agency, and it will greatly tend to the better Execution of the Provisions of thte said Act, and of such other Provisions as may

be necessary, for regulating the Distribution of Prize Money, that the Whole thereof should be consolidated into One Ad, and for that Purpose that the said recited Act should be repealed : Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Recited a it and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited repealed, except Ad shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed, save and except as to all Acts, Matters, and Things done, or ?Proceed-required to be done under the fame, or in pursuance of any of the Clauses or Provisions thereof; which shall lhc

be, and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual, and remain in full Force, to all Purposes, as if the same had been done under and in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, AH Ship# and and Soldiers, on board any Ship and Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, shall have the whole Interest and VHTdsMkcn Property of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandize, in the said Act described, which they nire

have taken since the Sixteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, or the Sixteenth Day of Ship*, during the June respectively; and of and in all and every Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandize, in the above-mentioned War, shall be Orders of Council described, which they have taken since the Seventeenth Day of August One thousand eight vclted in the hundred and three, and the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, respectively; or ^ided a/prixe (kali hereafter take during the Continuance of the present War, after the same shall have been adjudged agreeabh to Hit lawful Prize to His Majesty, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty in any of His Majesty's Pi<* Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized to take Cognizance of such Captures, to be divided in clamation*. such Proportions and after such Manner as His Majesty, by His Proclamation of the Seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, hath already ordered and enacted, or as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to order and direct, by Proclamation or Proclamations, to be issued for those Purposes 5 and the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, and Marines, and Soldiers on board His Majesty's hired armed Ships,

shall have such Interest in all Ships and Goods which they have taken lince the Sixteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, or the Sixteenth Day of June in, the same Year, and Seventeenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, and the Eleventh Day of January One thousand eight hundred and lour, respectively; or shall hereafter take during the present War, and to be divided and distributed in such Manner as His Majesty hath been pleased to order and direct by the said Proclamations of the Seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight 45 Geo. III. 3 R hundred

49° C. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Arm?, Ammunition, 6c c. taken in any Fortress and on b^arri V< flcls in Creeks de fended thereby, shall also be divided as Priae.

His Majesty may apportion Ptiacs between the Navy and Army when acting in onjunAion.

In Default of fnftrudiions from His Majesty, Commandvn in Chi' f may settle the Division.

How Shares shall be distiibuied.

Shares of Run Men and Shares nor claimed within Sis Years, forfeited to Greenwich Hospital, unless Difahiliry is removed.

Head Money, i. e. Bounty of 5l. shall be paid to the Officers and Crews of British Ships of War for every Man on board at the Beginning of the Engagement of any Enemy's Ships taken or deHroyed.

Oath 01 Certificate of Number actually on boa id.

hundred and five, or as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, may order and direct, by any Proclamation or Proclamations hereafter to be issued.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on board every Ship and Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, being armed, officered, and employed in His MajestyService, who shall take any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any publick trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, or Merchandize laden on board the fame, in any Creek, River, Haven, or Road, belonging to and defended by the said Fortress upon the Land, shall have the foie Interest and Property of and in all and every such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, duly authorized as aforesaid (which Courts are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other Cases of Prize), to be distributed by His Majesty in such Proportions and Manned as herein-before is mentioned: Provided always nevertheless, that in conjunct Expeditions of the Navy and Army against any such Fortress upon the Land, in which His Majesty shall have been pleased to give any instructions or Directions for the Division and Distribution of Property'taken thereat, the Flag and General Officers, and Commanders and other Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, acting on such conjunct Expeditions, shall have such proportionable Interest and Property as His Majesty, under His Sign Manual, shall think fit to order and direct, in all and every the Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandize, and Treasure, belonging to the State, or to any publick trading Company of the Enemies of the Crown of Great Britain, which shall be found in any such Fortress; and also in all and every Ship and Ships, Vessel and Vessels, with their Arms, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all.and every the Merchandize and other Effects on board, which shall be captured in any Road, Haven, River, or Creek, belonging to and defended by such Fortress, after final Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize.

IV. Provided like wife, and be it enacted, That if no Instructions shall have been given by His Majesty for the Division of the Ships, Goods, and Merchandize to be captured in any Expedition against any Fortress on the Land, it shall be lawful for the respective Commanders in Chief of the Fleet and of the Army employed, to make Agreements in Writing for the Division of the Ships, Goods, and Merchandize so to be taken, between the said Fleet and Army, which Agreements, being approved and confirmed by His Majesty, shall be binding on all Persons, and the Share assigned to the Fleet by such Agreement shall be distributed therein, according to His Majesty's Proclamation; and the Share assigned to the Army shall be distributed amongst the Officers and Soldiers in the Proportions correspondent thereto: Provided nevertheless, that the Interest and Property hereby given to the Army employed on such conjunct Expeditions shall not extend or be deemed or construed to extend to entitle the said Army to share in the Distribution of any Ships or Vessels, Goods, Merchandize, or Effects captured ifi the Voyage to or from such Fortress: Provided also, that the Shares of Prize of all such Officers and Seamen who shall be marked on the Books of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors^ as having run therefrom, and also the Shares of all such Officers and Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, as well on board hired armed Ships as on board His Majesty's Ships of War, which shall not be legally demanded within Six Years after the same have been paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, ly virtue of any I^aw then in force, shall be forfeited to and to the Use of the said Royal Hospital; unless, with respect to such Officers and Seamen as shall be marked " Run, " such Mark shall be taken off by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; and unless, with respect to the Shares of such Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, which shall not be claimed within the Time above limited in that Behalf, reasonable Cause shall be shewn, and allowed by the Directors of the said Hospital for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, or by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, why such lait-mentioned Shares were not claimed in due Time.

V. And, as a further Encouragement to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, on board His Majesty's Ships of War, as also of Privateers, to attack any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to the Enemy 5 be it enacted, That there shall be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, upon Bills to be made forth by the Commissioners of the Navy, to be paid according to the Coutfe thereof, without Fee or Reward, unto the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others, who shall have been actually on board any of His Majesty's Ships, or Ships of War, or hired armed Vessel or Vessels, or of any Privateer or Privateers at the actual taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ship or Ships of War or Privateers belonging to the Enemy ftnee the Second Day ^of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and during the present War, Five Pounds for every Man who was living on board any Ship or Vessel so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed at the Beginning of the Attack or Engagement between them; the Numbers of such Men to be proved by the Oath of Three or more of the Chief Officers or Men who were belonging to the said Ship or Vessel of War, or Privateers of the Enemy, or belonging to any of them at the Time of her or their being taken as Prize, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or in case so many as Three shall not survive the Engagement, upon the Oaths or Oath of such of them as shall survive, before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of the Port within any of His Majesty's Dominions, whereunto any Prize, or Officers or Men of such Ships as were taken, sunk, burnt, or other destroyed, shall be brought, or before the British Consul or Vice-Consul residing tit any Neutral Port to which such Prize, or Officers or Men shall be brought, which Oaths the said Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any such Port, or Consul or Vice-Consul, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer, and shall, without Fee or Reward, forthwith grant a Certificate thereof, and also of the Deponents or Deponent, (if less than Three), having likewise made Oath, and

49*

A.D. 180t. 45° GEORGII III. C. 72.

to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, no other Person or Persons belonging to the Enemy's Ships or Ship survived the Engagement, which Certificate shall be directed to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; and upon the Production thereof to them the said Commissioners, together with an authentic Copy of How Navy Bills the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation of such Ship so taken, or where such Certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a Copy of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, whereby the Number g^uu^y# C of Men on board such Ships of the Enemy shall appear to have be^n proved, as if fuph Ships be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a Certificate from the Mayor or other Chief Magi (Irate, or Consul or Vice-Confui as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall, according to the Course of the Navy, within Fifteen Days make out BiIJ3 for the Amount of such Bounty, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, payable to and to be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marines and Soldiers on board His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, in Manner, Form, and Proportion as by His Majesty's Proclamation for granting the Distribution of Prizes already issued or to be issued for that Purpose, is or shall be directed and appointed, and amongst the Owners, Officers, and Seamen of any private Ship or Vessel of War, in such Manner and Proportion as by any Agreement in Writing they shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed: Provided nevertheless, that in all Cases Provisoat to where such Oath and Certificate cafinot be administered and granted at the first Port whereunto any Prize, or Oath and Cati* Officers or Men of such Ships as have been or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall becate» brought, such Oath or Oaths relating to any Prize or Prizes that shall be taken, or to any Ships of His Majesty's Enemies that shall be sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed as aforesaid, shall and may be administered and taken by and before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any Port within any of His Majesty's Dominions, or by or before the British Consul or Vice-Consul residing at any Neutral Port whereunto any Prize or Prizes, or Officers or Men of any Ships belonging to His Majesty's Enemies as have or shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any Time afterwards be brought. Proof being first made by Affidavit before such Person or Persons of the Inability of making such Oath or Oaths, and obtaining such Certificate at the said first Port, and the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice-Consul, shall thereupon grant such Certificate and Certificates as are herein-before directed, which Certificate and Certificates shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were granted by the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate, Consul or Vice-Consul, of the Port to which such Prize or Prizes, Officer or Men as aforesaid shall be first brought, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:

Provided always, that where such Oath of the Number of Men on board any Ship or Ships so taken, burnt, atto total De-

funk, or otherwise destroyed, cannot be had by reason of the total Destruction of the Officers and Crew of rtrurtion of such Ship or Ships; then and in every such Case the Number of Men on board such Ship or Ships at the El'cray'»h, P« Beginning of the Attack or Engagement shall be ascertained by fu^h Evidence as under the Circumstances of the Case, shall, by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Court duly authorized, be deemed sufficient Proof thereof: Provided likewise, that in any'Cases in which Doubts shall Summary arise whether the Party or Fartics claiming Head Money are entitled thereto, the same shall be summarily Determination, determined by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any other Court of Admiralty in which the Prize shall have been adjudged, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That thie Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Bills for the the Commanding Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, and others of His Majesty's Ships of War, or hired Bounty shall be armed Ships, for taking, sinking, burning, or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging

to any of His Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized and c Mltcei>*

+appointed Agents for Appraisements and Sales of such Prizes in respect of which such Bounty shall be payable, the same Bounty to be distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons so authorized and appointed amongst the Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion as aforesaid; the several Shares of such Captors as shall run from His Majesty's Service, and of such as shall not be legally demanded within the Times prescribed for the Demand of Prize Money, shall be applied to the Use of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, subject to the same Provisoes and Exceptions as in the Case of Prize Monies;

and that the Bill or Bills Privateer*.

+to be made out for the Bounty hereby granted to Privateers, for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise destroying any Ships of War or Privateers belonging to any of His Majesty's Enemies, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer or Privateers, who shall have taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major Part of them, to be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, or Boat, taken as Prize, or any Vessel formerly

Goods therein, shall appear and be approved in any Court of Admiralty having a Right to take Cognizance belonging to Hi*

thereof, to have belonged to any of His Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or of any of the s"u

Dominions and Territories remaining and continuing under His Majesty's Protection and Obedience, which Enemy" fllall were before taken or surprized by any of His Majesty's Enemies, and at any Time afterwards again surprized be restorcd'oooon and retaken by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or any Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat under His Payment of* Majesty's Protection and Obedience, that then such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, spid every such Part and Salvage.

Parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such His Majesty's Subjects, shall in all Cases save in such as are

hereafter excepted) be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by the Decree of the said Court of Admiralty, accordingly restored to such former Owner or Owners, or Proprietorpr Proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of Amount of Salvage (if retaken by any of His Majesty's Ships or hired armed Ships) One Eighth Part of the true Value Salvage, One- of the Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods respectively so to be restored, which said Salvage of One-eighth shall 5^ .*o*c-'*

be answered and paid to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers in His Majesty's f, Xrh to Pri-

3R2 laid vatcers j

'by

492 C. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

or according to Directions of Court of Admiralty.

Exceptions as to Ships fitted out for War by the Enemy.

Priie

Regulations extended tj

Fiid Ship or Ships of War, to be divided'in such Manner as before in this Act is directed, touching the Share of Prizes belonging to the Flag Officers, Captains, Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, where Prizes are taken by any oFHis Majesty's Ships of War; and if retaken by any Privateer or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, One-sixth Part of the true Value of the said Ships, Vessels, Boat9, and Goods; all which Payments to be made to the Owner or Owners, Officers and Seamen of such Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be without any Deductions, and shall be divided in such Manner and Proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid; and in case such Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall have been retaken by the joint Operation or Means of One or more of His Majesty's Ships, and One or more private Ship or Ships, then the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or other Court, having Cognizance thereof, shall order and adjudge such Salvage to be paid to the Recaptors by the Owner or Owners of such retaken Ship, Vessel, or Goods, as he shall, under the Circumstances of the Case, deem fit and reasonable, which Salvage so to be adjudged shall be accordingly paid by the Owners of such retaken Oh ip, Vessel, or Goods, to the Agents of the Recaptors, in such Proportions as the said Court shall adjudge; but if such Ship or Vessel so retaken shall appear to have been, after the taking by His Majesty's Enemies, by them set forth as a Ship or Vessel of War, the said Ship or Vessel shall not be restored to the former Owners or Proprietors, but shall in all Cases, whether retaken by any of His Majesty's Ships, or by any Privateer, be adjudged lawful Prize for the Benefit of the Captors.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Regulations herein contained respecting Prizes, shall apply to all" Cases of Bounty Money granted by this Act, and of Salvage upon Recaptures from His Majesty's Enemies.

Head Money (Sci5.) and Salvage (/. 7.)

Admiralty mayjlT*ie Letters of Marque.

26 G. 3. c. 60. 34G. 3. c. 68.

Prizes taken by Privateer* shall be divided between Owners and Captors according ro Agreement.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, shall, at the Request of any Owner or Owners whom they shall deem fitly qualified of any Ship or Vessel registered pursuant to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, or of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners, mid for other Purposes therein mentioned, (such Owner or Owners giving such Bail or Security as herein after is mentioned or expressed) cause to be issued in the usual Manner, One or more Commission or Commissions, or Letter of Letters of Marque and Reprisal, to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Death, successively Commanders of such Ships or Vessels, for the attacking, surprizing, seizing, and taking by and with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, or Merchandize, belonging to or possessed by any of His Majesty's Enemies in any Sea, Creek, Haven or River 5 and that such* Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, and Merchandize whatsoever* with all their Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel so to be taken by or with such private Owner or Owners Ship or Vessel according to such Commission and Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque, after final Adjudication as lawful Prize in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court of Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized thereto as aforesaid, shall wholly and entirely belong to ana be divided between and among the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons who shall be on board the fame, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be agreed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or Factors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons who shall be entitled thereto by virtue of such Agreements among themselves 5 and that neither His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, nor any Admiral, Vice-Admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by or claiming tinder His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, nor any other Person or Persons whomsoever, other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize, and the Person claiming under such Agreements, shall be entitled.' to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties hereafter mentioned, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle any Person or Persons to any Interest in such Ships. t>r Vessels, Goods or Merchandize, as may be captured by any private Ships or Vessels of War belonging to or hired by, or in the Service of His Majesty's Commissioners of Customs or Excise, but that the lame Ships or Vessels, Goods and Merchandize, so captured, shall belong to His Majesty, and be applied and disposed of in such Manner as His Majesty under His Sign Manual shall order and direct, after legal Adjudication thereof.

A. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall apply to the said Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to obtain any Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted or issued forth in pursuance of this Act, shall make every such Application in Writing, and therein set forth a particular, true, and exact Description of the Ship or Vessel for which such Commission or Letter of Marque is requested, specifying the Name and Burthen of such* Ship or Vessel, what Sort of Built (he is, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board the fame, to what Place belonging, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the Number of Men intended to he put on hoard the same (all which Particulars shall be inserted in every Commission or Letter of Marque to be granted in pursuance of this Act) j and that every Commander of a at ^Port of°ouUi^ Pirate Ship or Vessel of War, for which a Commission or Letter of Marque shall be granted in pursuance of and Cffr-cr this Act shall produce such Commission or Letter of Marque to the Collector, Customer, or Searcher, for the

Time

Pirt>viso at fa Privateers in Service of Customs and Excise.

[But fee 41G/3. (U.K). c. 76) tuJ yJJ. II.]

Application for Letters of Marque fh.Vl be modern Writing, Hating

Particulars, of Burthen, Builr, Jtc.

Commission*

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 72.

49i

Time being", of His Majesty's Customs, redding at or belonging to the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel Customi there shall be drft dtted ont, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Cudomer, or Searcher; and the said Collector, Cudomer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies shall, as soon thereafter c-iV"

as conveniently may be, without Fee or Reward, inspect and examine such Ship or Vessel, so as to ascertain Compliance

the Built and Burthen thereof, and the Number of Men, and the Number and Nature of the Guns on board with the fame; and if such Ship or Vessel shall thereupon be found to be of such Built and Burthen, and be manned Commission.

and armed according to the Tenor and Description inserted in such Commission or Letter of Marque as

aforesaid, or be of greater Buithen or Force than shall be mentioned in such Commission or Letter of Marque,

then, and not otherwise, such Collector, Cudomer, or Searcher, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies

shall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the Requed of the Commander of such Snip or

Vessel, to give a Certificate thereof in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, gratis, to such Commander*

which Certificate shall be deemed a necessary Clearance, before such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to fail penalfyon

from that Port; and if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel for which any Commission or Letter of Marque Commander*

shall have been granted tn pursuance of this Act, shall depart with such Ship or Vessel from such Port of departing

Clearance before he hath received such Certificate, or shall depart from any such Port, or proceed upon a Certificate o

Cruise with a Force inferior to the Force specified in such Commission or Letter of Marque, every such wnV a^orce

Commission or Letter of Marque shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the Commander so inferior, 1000U.

offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and shall also be imprisoned for such Space and of Time as such Court shall direct, not exceeding One Year for any One Offence. Imprisonment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That before the granting or issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque Sccmity shall be in pursuance of this Act, such Bail and Security shall be taken as hath been usual in such Cases, and that

previous thereto the Persons who^ropose to be bound and give such Security, shall severally make Oath before

the Judge of the High Court or Admiralty of England, or Judge of any other Court of Admiralty, which shall be authorized as aforesaid in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or his or their Surrogates, or

other Person or Persons lawfully commissioned by them, and they the said Persons who shall become Ojth and

Sureties are, at the Time of their being sworn respectively, worth more than the Sum for which they are to ben^I*f7 as tof

bound, over and above all their just Debts; and moreover, the Marshal for the Time being of the said sUjeue*°

High Court of Admiralty, and of any of the said other Courts, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons so

commissioned as aforesaid, (hr 11 make diligent Enquiiy, and certify him or themselves of the Sufficiency of such

Bail and Security, and make thereupon a Report to Uich Judge or his Surrogate, before any such Commission

or Letter of Marque shall be granted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Customer, or Searcher of His Majesty's Customs, Penalfyon

or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate for any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of ^tccr* the the Burthen and Force specified in the Commission or Letter of Marque granted to the Commander or &rantingSfalfe Commanders thereof, or shall certify to a greater Burthen or Force than (he really is, v he shall for every such Certificate*. Offence forfeit his said Office, and be for ever incapable of holding any Office under Government whatsoever* Incapacity, and and shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that the Burthen of such Ship or looi-Vessel so to be certified, shall be ascertained by the Certificate of Regi ft ry granted for such Ship or Vessel, Bu: them of under and ptirfuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Thirty-fourth. ^c^ri*ined bbe Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or an authenticated Copy thereof, in case the Ship shall be at Sea* Cenifit-uej of which Certificate or authenticated Copy shall be produced to the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissionera Regiilry, excepr for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, before the issuing of any Commission a* to Revenue or Letter of Marque for such Ship or Vessel: Provided nevertheless, that it shall not be necessary in the case Vesselj. of Ships belonging to or hired by, or in the Service of His Majesty's Commissioners of Customs or Excise, t*/ 9-1 to produce such Certificates or authenticated Copies, in order to the obtaining a Commission or Letter of Marque.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every Ship and Vessel for which such Commission Vessels having or Letter of Marque shall be granted as aforesaid, and for and during the Time that such Commission or Letter Lcttrra of

of Marque shall remain in force under the Authority of this Act, and no longer, shall be deemed and taken. Marque shall be to be a Ship or Vessel licensed pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-fourth Year. 24 g" 3/ of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this c. 47.

Kingdonty although the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall not have been furuiffied with the Licence: required by the said recited Act.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners, Commander and Mailer, Lertm of

or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel for which such Commission or Marque shall br Letter of Marque shall be issued as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Offence contrary to any Act or Acts of so, fe, rcd ior Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made for the Protection of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Lawi*

Excise, or for the Prevention of Smugglingin this Kingdom, such Owner or Owners, Commander, Master, vei)* and other Persons, shall forfeit the Commission or Letter of Marque so issued for such Ship or Vessel, over and besides any other Penalties and Forfeitures which he or they shall have incurred by reason of: such Offence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or Adminhy may the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or revoke Letters' any Three or more of them, at any Time or Times hereafter, to revoke and make void, by any Order or 1 f M-rqut. Orders in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, any Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque which hath or have been, or shall be issued forth to any Person or Persons who hath, have been, or shall be nominated Commander or Commanders of any Ship or Vessel, either in pursuance of His Majesty V Orders in Council, or this present Act: Provided nevertheless, that the Secretary of the Admiralty for the

Time

49+

Notice of fucS Revocation shall Ik given ro the Own* rt.

At wh.it Periods L<*trer> of Marque fi revoked shall expire.

Council may fupeilede such Revocation.

No captured Vt(Tel belonging to His Majesty's Subjects shall be ransomed, unless in extreme Necessity.

Contrails for Ransom shall be void.

Penalty on Persons

ransoming, 500b

Penalty on Commanders of Privateers ransoming.

Forfeiture of Letter of Marque, and Penalty nor exceeding tool.

Prizescollusively reilored, shall be Prizes to His Majesty.

Penalty on restoring Prizes N collusively by Privateers Forfeiture of Bond. Sec/, ir. by Captains of King's Ships, IOOOOL

C. 72. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Time being shall, with all convenient Speed, after every and any such Commission or Letter of Marque shall be so revoked, cause Notice thereof in Writing to be forthwith sent to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel named or described in such Order of Revocation, or to his, her, or their Agent ot Agents, Surety or Sureties, or some or one of them; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Channel, the said Order of Revocation shall be effectual to supersede and annul the said Commission or Letter of Marque at the Expiration of Twenty Days from and after such Notice given as aforesaid, or sooner if Notice shall be actually given in Writing by the Secretary of the Admiralty to the Captain or Commander thereof $ and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the Northern Seas, at the Expiration of Thirty Days; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be to the Southward of Cape Finisterrc, or in the Mediterranean, at the Expiration of Six Weeks; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in North America, of the West Indies, at the Expiration of Three Months; and in case such Ship or Vessel shall be in the East Indies, at the Expiration of Six Months from and after such respective Notices shall be given as aforesaid; that any Commander or Commanders, Owner or Owners, Agent or Agents, Surety or Sureties, of any such Ship or Vessel whereof such Commission or Letter of Marque issued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked as aforesaid, may complain thereof to His Majesty in Council within Thirty Days next after the Secretary to the Admiralty for the Time being shall cause Notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the Determination of His Majesty in Council touching every such Complaint shall be final: Provided always, that in case any such Order of Revocation shall be superseded, such Commission ' and Letter of Marque shall be deemed and taken to have continued in force, and all Prizes taken by virtue thereof shall belong to and be the Property of such Owners and Captors, in such Manner as the same would have been in cale such Order of Revocation had not been made: Provided also, that no Person shall be liable (before he shall have received personal Notice of such Order of Revocation) to be punched for doing any Matter or Thing which he might have lawfully done under the Authority of such Commission or Letter of Marque, in case such Order of Revocation had not been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to ransom, or to enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Sutyefts, or any Merchandize or Goods on board the fame, wnjfh shall be captured by the Subjects of any State at War with His Majesty, or by any Persons committing Hostilities against His Majesty's Subjects, unless in the case of extreme Necessity, to be allowed by the Court of Admiralty.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Contrafts and Agreements which shall be entered into, and all Bills, Notes, and other Securities, which shall be given by any Person or Persons for Ransom of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Merchandize or Goods on board the fame, contrary to this Act, shall be absolutely null and void in Laws and of no Effeft whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to this Act, ransom, or enter into any Contract or Agreement for ransoming any such Ship or Vessel, or any Merchandize or Goods on board the lame, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Ipse the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case at any Time or Times any Commander or Commanders of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or of any hired armed Ship in His Majesty's Service, or of any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War commissioned as aforesaid, shall agree with the Commander or Commanders, or other Person or Persons of or belonging to any neutral or other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or their respective Cargo or Cargoes thereof, or any Part thereof, for the Ransom of any such Ship, Vessel, or Cargo, or any Part thereof, after the same shall have been taken as Prize, and shall, in pursuance of such Agreement or Agreements, actually quit, set at Liberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes, instead of bringing the same into some Port or Ports belonging to His Majesty's Dominions, that then all and every of the Commander or Commanders of such Ship or Vessel of War, or hired armed Ship, or such

Private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War, who shall agree for any such Ransom, and shall quit, set at riberty, or discharge any such Prize or Prizes in Manner aforesaid, unless in case of extreme Necessity, to be allowed by the Court of Admiralty, shall forfeit and suffer such Penalty or Fine as the Court shall adjudge, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and the Commander of such private Ship shall likewise forfeit his Letter of Marque.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandize shall be taken or retaken and restored by the Commander or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Privateer, or other Ship, Vessel, or Boat under His Majesty's Protection and Obedience, clandestinely, or by Collusion or Connivance, or by Consent (unless the same shall be afterwards allowed and approved of by the Court of Admiralty) of such Commander or other Person, without being brought to Adjudication, the Ship and Vessel, and Goods and Merchandize so taken or retaken, and restored, and also the Ship's Tackle, Furniture, Apparel, Arms, and Ammuuition, shall upon Proof thereof, to be made in any Court of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof be declared and adjudged to be good Prize to His Majesty, and any Bond given by the Captain or Commander of such Vessel or Boat shall be and is hereby declared to be forfeited to His Majesty; and in case any such Ship or Vessel, or any Goods or Merchandize as aforesaid shall be taken or retaken, and restored by any Commander, Captain, or other Officer having the Command of any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to His Majesty, clandestinely, or by Collusion or Connivance, or by Consent (unless the same shall afterwards be allowed and approved of by the Court of Admiralty) of such Commander, Captain, or other Officer, shall forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and the said Goods and Merchandize, and the Ship, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Guns, and Ammunition so taken or retaken, and restored in Manner aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby directed to be adjudged in all Courts of Admiralty having legal Cognizance thereof, as good Prize to His Majesty.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 72. 495

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it hereby enacted, That if a Ship be retaken before (he has been carried into an Enemy's Port, it shall be lawful for her, if the Recapture consent thereto, to prosecute her Voyage, and it shall not be necessary for the Recaptors to proceed to Adjudication till Six Months, or till the Return of the Ship to the Port from which (lie failed; and it shall be lawful for the Master, the Owners, or their Agents, with the Consent of the Recaptors, to unlade and dispose of their Cargoes before Adjudication 5 and in case the Vessel shall not return direct, to the Port from whence failed, or the Recaptors shall have had no Opportunity of proceeding regularly to the Adjudication within Six Months', on Account of the Absence of the said Vessel, the Court of Admiralty shall, at the Instance of the Recaptors, decree the Restitution to the former Owners, paying Salvage, upon such Evidence as to the said Court shall, under the Circumstances of the Case, appear reasonable, the Expence of such Proceeding not to exceed the Sum of Fourteen Pounds.

XXII. And whereas good and necessary Laws are in force within several of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, for preventing the carrying off from the said Colonies or Plantations any Servant or Slave without the Consent of the Owner, or the carrying off from thence any other Person or Persons whomsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his Ticket from the Secretary's Office within such respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said several Laws is declared and provided 5 be it therefore enacted, That all Commanders of private Ships of War, or Merchaut Ships having Letters of Marque, shall, upon their going into any of the Ports or Harbours in the said Colonies or Plantations, be subjectc, and they are hereby declared to be subject, to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in and by such Laws made and provided 5 any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Captain or other Commander of any of His Majesty's Ship* or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels in His Majesty's Service, having Transports or Merchant Ships orvVessels under Convoy, shall wilfully desert or fail away from them in pursuit of and with the View of capturing any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy (other than Ships or Vessels armed and fitted for War only, and which shall be seen hovering about or bearing down upon such Convoy), or having captured a Prize, shall wilfully desert the Convoy fox the Purpose of carrying nis Prize into Port; or if the Commander of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, having His Majesty's Dispatches on board, shall fail out of his proper Course in pursuit and with the View of making Prize of any Ship or Vessel of the Enemy, and shall be duly convicted thereof by Sentence of a Court Martial, such Commander shall forfeit the Share of all and every such Prize to His Majesty, for the Use of Greenwich Hof piled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Captain of any Merchant Ship under Convoy shall wilfully disobey Signals or Instructions, or any other lawful Commands of the Commander of the Convoy, without Notice given, and Leave obtained for that Purpose, he shall be liable to be articled against in the High Court of Admiralty at the Suit of the King in His Office of Admiralty, for Disobedience to the Officer of the Convoy, and upon Conviction thereof shall be fined, at the Discretion of the said Court, in any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, and shall suffer such Imprisonment, not exceeding One Year, as the Cogrt shall adjudge.

XXV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall entitle any private Ship or Vessel having

a Commission for War, and which shall receive general Orders and Instructions from and put herself under the Convoy of any of His Majesty's Ships ox Vessels, to share in any Prize or Prizes taken by such Ships or Vessels of His Majesty, or by such private Ship or Vessel having a Commission for War or Letter of Marque, whilst the said Commissioned Ship or Vessel shall remain under the Care and Protection of such Convoy, unless such private Ship or Vessel shall have received Orders from the Commander of the convoying Ship to chafe or otherwise a«5t hostilely against the Enemy, and shall have been actually aiding and assisting ia such Captures.

XXVI. And whereas in all private Ships or Vessels of War, or Merchant Ships or Vessels for which Commissions or fetters of Marque shall be taken out, and likewise hired armed Vessels taken into His Majesty's Service, it is expedient, for the better disciplining and Government of such Ships and Vessels, that all Persons who enter themselves on board the same should be under proper Regulations, and pay Obedience to the lawful Commands of the Captains and Chief Commanders of the said Ships and Vessels; be it therefore enacted, That all Offences committed by any* Officer or Seaman on board any Vessel having taken a Commission or letter of Marque during the present Hostilities, or on board any hired armed Vessel in His Majesty's Service, shall be tried and punished in such Manner as the like Offences are tried and punched when committed by any Person belonging to His Majesty's Fleet: Provided always, that all Offenders who shall be accused of such Crimes as are cognizable by a Court Martial, shall he confined on board such Privateer or Merchant Ship or Vessel carrying Letters of Marque, in which fujeh Offence shall be committed, until they shall arrive at same Port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with such a Number of His Majesty's Ships of War abroad as are sufficient to make a Court Martial; and upon Application made by the Commander of such Ship or Vessel carrying Letters of Marque, or hired armed Vessels in His Majesty's Service, to the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to the Commissionere for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or to the Commander in Chief or Senior Officer of His Majesty's said Ships of War abroad, the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or such Commander in Chief or Senior Officer abroad, are hereby authorized and required, in the ufyal Manner, to call a Court Martial for trying and punishing the said Offences.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be* construed to extend, to exempt any Ships, Goods, Wares* or Merchandize which shall be taken as Prize,

a 1- and

Ships

retaken before Cjnied into the Enemy's Ports

mty prosecute their Voyage.

Commanders of Ships liable, whi'e in American Colonies, to the Liw$ igaioft carrying off Persons without the requisite Con Cent.

Commander* with Convoys, or Pi (patches, failing out of thcii ct-urfe, tw take Prises, shall forfeit their Shares.

Penalties 0* Captains of Merchant Ship* d) (obeying Signals of Commander of the Convoy, 500l. and irr.prifo.imcnP. Privateers while under Convoy, shall not share Prizes, unlef* ordered to act.

Offences committed on board Privateers shall he tr^cd and pumshed as Offences

committed in the Fleet.

Prize* shall he liable to Duties;

496 C. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

but which may be remitted.

Navy or Victualling Board may putcliafe Naval Stores

and brought or imported into this Kingdom, or* any of His Majesty's Dominions, from the Payment of any Customs or Duties, or from being subject to the Restrictions and Regulations to which the same are now, or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: Provided neverthelefa, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or for the Commissioners of the Cuiloms, in such Cases wherein Goods unfit for the Market of this Kingdom have been brought as Prize into the Ports thereof, and have been fold from Necessity under an Order of the High Court of Admiralty, to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Duties, upon a Certificate from the Judge of the said Court, that the Goods not being intended for the Markets of this Kingdom, have been mid from Necessity under its Order.; and that the Proceeds of such Sale, after Payment of Duties, will be insufficient to satisfy just and reasonable Claims.

XXVIII. And whereas great Numbers of Ships of Foreign Nations may pass the Seas laden with Naval Stores, intended to be carried to the Ports of France, or of other Countries at War with His Majesty, whereby

__________ 4 His Majesty's Enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm Privateers to destroy the

fiund on bor.fd«Trade of His Majesty's Subjects, but may also be supplied with Materials to build and fit out Ships of ^°rc, 8n phiP, »*War to annoy and invade His Majesty's Dominions: And whereas divers Ships of Foreign Nations laden t4 en as rize.«ag may be taken and brought into the Ports of Great Britain, and the Purchase of such Naval

Stores laden on board such Ships of Foreign Nations, for the Service of His Majesty, may in many Cases be expedient, without proceeding to the Condemnation thereof be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy or Victualling for the Time being, or their Officers or Agents, during the Continuance of the present War, to purchase on the Account, or for the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors only, all or any such Naval Stores found on board any such Ships of Foreign Nations, which have been, or shall or may hereafter be brought into any of the Ports of this Kingdom by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or by any private Ships or Vessels of War, or other Ships or Vessels having a Commimon or Letters of Marque, and that the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the Time being shall and may permit and suffer such Naval Stores so purchased as aforesaid, to be entered and landed within any of the Ports of this Kingdom; any Thing in an Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Char lee the Second, intituled, an Act for tlxe encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation or in any other Statute made subsequent thereto contained, to the contrary thereof in anywil'e notwithstanding.

Pmc Vessels

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Prize Ships or Vessels which shall be legally condemned, or

deemed Biltifli be fold under any Decree of the High Court of Admiralty, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

bu'ilT, being*be considered ac Brifi/bJnw&t Ships or Vessels, being first duly registered according to the Provisions of the regrft'cred under said recited Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be deemed6 G.; . c. 60. and taken as such, and shall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the same Rights, Liberties, Privileges, and Advantages, in all Respects whatsoever, with British-bnWt Ships and Vessels, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules and Regulations that British-built Ships or Vessels are subject and liable to; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander or Commanders, Officer or Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, shall break Bulk on board, (except in case of Necessity, to be allowed by the the Court of Admiralty), or embezzle any of the Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Pmc*Fo"feiture Furniture, or Apparel of or belonging to any Prize or Prizes, such Commander, Officer, Seaman, Marine, -of Shares and " A " -

Treble Value.

Penalty for breaking Bulk, or embezzling any Part of

Capture* brought into His Majesty's

Dominions abroad shall he

Soldier, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit his Whole Share in such Prize to His Majesty for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and so to be adjudged on Proof thereof by the Court of Admiralty, in which such Proof shall be made, and shall also forfeit Treble the Value of all such Money, Jewels, Plate, Goods, Merchandize, Tackle, Furniture, or Apparel, as he or they shall embezzle.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into any of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, in order to be proceeded against to Condemnation in any of His Majesty's Courts of Vice Admiralty, being thereto duly authorized, shall, without breaking Bulk, (lay there, and ahroaa man r* be un<krbe join* Care and Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no undei the Carr of Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer of the Port or Place where the same shall be brought, and the Captors fheOfficcis of the or Claimants thereof, or their Agent or Agents, subject to the Direction of such Court of Vice Admiralty, Customs, there, until the same shall by final Sentence have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that such Interlocutory Order as aforesaid shall have l^een made for the releasing or delivering the fame; and upon the final Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof or their Agents.

Penalty for

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of

Breactrof Admiralty, or the Judge of any other Court lawfully commissioned to take Cognizance of Prize, upon due

Insti ultiont' Proof of the Breach of any ot His Majesty's Instructions relating to Prizes, or of any Offence against the Ir F.aw of Nations committed by the Captors in relation to any Prize, or to the Persons taken on board the fame, to condemn the Prize to His Majesty's Use and Disposal, save as herein above is directed with respect to breaking of Bulk or Embezzlement \ and where the Prize hath been taken by a Ship having a Commission or Letter of Marque, to revoke the fame, and to pronounce the Bond to be forfeited, and to compel Payment of the Penalty secured thereby, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the Lords Commissioners of Appeals ia Prize Causes.

His Majesty mny

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by appoint Salaries any Order in Council, from Time to Time to fix and ascertain proper and adequate Salaries for the Judges of Vice-for Judges of Admiralty Courts eilabliffied or to be established in the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, and likewise at the Island Co!utfat^alty Malta in the Mediterranean not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum for any of such °u 6 Judges;

or Offences by Captors against the Law of Nations.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 72.

497

Judges; and such Salaries ffinll be issued, payable, and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.; and further, that such Salaries shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like Manner in every Respect, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are contained in an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also the Lords of the Seffhn, Lords Commissioners of Jufiiciary and Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland; and fur enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices in the said Courts of Westminster Hall on their Resignation of their respective Offices.

u His Majesty may allow such Judges on their Resignation 1000l. per Annum after Six Years Service, or in " case of permanent Infirmity, §34. — Profits of Judges shall not exceed 2000l. beyond their Salaries. — " Account thereof shall be transmitted to Navy Board, §35." — [See 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 96.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect any of the Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of His Majesty^ Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more ffeedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, but that all the Regulations of the said Act shall be carried into full force and effect, except so far as the fame, or any of then?, are by this Act altered or varied, or in respect of which other Provisions are made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to rrftrain His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors', from giving Rich further Rules and Directions from Time to Time to liis respective Courts of Admiralty and Vice Admiralty, for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, and for regulating the Fees of the said Courts, and amending and altering the Table of Fees therein, as by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

XXXVIII/ And be it further enacted, That a Table of Fees, authorized as aforesaid, shall be suspended in some conspicuous Part of the Court in which the several Judges of the Vica-Admiraky Courts shall hold their Courts; and that no Judge or Surrogate, Register or Deputy Register, nor any Marshal or Deputy Marshal, of or belonging to any of His Majesty's Courts of Vice-Admiralty, shall, either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, receive or take any tee beyond those specified in the Table aforesaid; and that every Judge or Surrogate, Register or Deputy Register, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon Information or Indictment in Manner aforesaid), shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit, his respective Office and Employment of Judge or Surrogate, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, in or belonging to the same Court.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the demanding or receiving any Sum or Sums of Money, other than the Fees aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Extortion, and a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall be proceeded against and punished as such under and by virtue of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Judge, Register, or Deputy Register, Marshal or Deputy Marshal, or any other Officer whomsoever, of or belonging to any Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, nor any Person or Persons practising either as Advocate, Proctor, or otherwise, in any such Court or Courts, shall be concerned or interested directly or indirectly as Owner, Part Owner, Sharer, or Adventurer in any private Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels of War whatsoever having any Commission or Commissions, or Letter of Marque as aforesaid; and in case any such Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer, Advocate, or Proctor whatsoever, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or indirectly concerned or interested as aforesaid, ftfch Judge, Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, Deputy Marshal, or other Officer respectively, shall, for every such Offence, (being thereof lawfully convicted in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain or at any General Session of the Peace in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, absolutely forfeit his Office and Employment in and belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, of what Kind or Nature soever such Office or Employment may be, and shall also forfeit and pay to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five, hundred Pounds; and ever}" such Advocate or Proctor respectively, shall for such last mentioned Offence (being thereof lawfully

convicted in Manner aforesaid), be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified, and rendered incapable of

practising either as an Advocate or Proctor in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty wheresoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Register or Deputy Register, nor any Marshal or Deputy Marshal of or belonging to any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty whatsoever, shall, either directly or indirectly, by himself or themselves, or by any Agent or Agents, or other Person or Persons

whomsoever, aft or be concerned in any Manner, either as an Advocate or Proctor in any Cause, Matter, or

Business whatsoever, that shall be. depending in any such Court or Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, to which such Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal shall then belong; and that every Register, Deputy Megifter, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, who shall be guilty of such Ofteno (bring thereof lawfully convicted, either upon an Information or Indictment in Manner aforesaid), shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective Office and Employment*f Register, Deputy Register, Marshal, or Deputy Marshal, in and belonging to the same Court.

XLII. And be it furth cr enacted, That no Proctor or other Person practising as Proctor in any Court or Courts, being employed by any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall be concerned, by himself or his Partner, or by any Person or Persons, directly or indirectly, on Behalf of the adverse Pariftr of Parties, in the Suit or Matter wherein he may be employed, nor shall receive any Allowance from the Bills, nor in any Manner whatsoever participate in the Profits of the Proctor or other Person conducting or employ?*!

45 Geo. III. 3 S in

Bahama,

ft' rmuria, and*Milt; i, not exceeding 2Cut)b per Annum as under 39 G. 3. c. no

This Art (kill not affect 41 G. 3. (U.K)c. 96.

His Majesty miy give Directions to Courts of Admiralty.

Table of Fqei

shall he hung up in Vice-Admiralty Couiti.

Penalty on Officers taking undue Fees, Foiieiturc of Oftce.

Demanding or receiving extra Fees deemed Extortion.

No Judge or

Officer of any Courr of Admiralty nor Person practising Therein shall be interested in any Privarecis. Penalty Forfeiture of Office; 5ool.and Disability.

Register, Mai (hai, Sec. fl»ll not att as Advocate or Proctor in the Court to which he belongs. Penalty, Forfeiture of Ofice

Proftori AiaM be concerned only for One Par.

498 C. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Regulations resp<6ling the Condemnation of Pi ties.

Pcnilty For- in the Cause of the adverse Party or Parties; and in case any Proctor or other Person practising as Proctor ^dany Court or Courts, shall, notwithstanding this Act, be directly or iadirectly concerned or interested Dt/qulu6cation. as aforesaid, he shall for every futh Offence (being thereof lawfully convicted, either upon Information or Indictment in Manner aforesaid) absolutely forfeit his Office or Employment in or belonging to any such Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty of what Kind or Nature soever, and shall forfeit and pay to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and such Proctor or other Person respectively shall for such last mentioned Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted in Manner aforesaid, be from thenceforth absolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of practising as a Proctor or otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty wheresoever.

XLIII. And, for the more speedy proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination of any Prize

Ship or Vessel, Goods, or Merchandize, already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforesaid, and for lessening

the Expences which have been usual in such Cases/ be it further enacted, That the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty of England, and of any other Court of Admiralty which shall be authorized thereto, or such Person or Persons who, shall be then commissioned for that Purpose, within Five Days after Request made to him or them for that Purpose, shall finiffi the usual preparatory Examination of the Persons commonly examined in such Cases, in order to prove the Capture of the lawful Prize, or to enquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not, and that the proper Monition usual in such Cases shall be issued by the Person or Persons proper to issue the fame, and shall be executed by the Person or Persons proper to execute the fame, within the Space of Three Days after Request in that Behalf made; and in case no Claim of such Raptured Ship, Vessel, or Goods, shall be duly entered in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath, giving Twenty Days Notice after the Execution of such Monition; or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not within Five Days from the Time of entering such Claim, give Security in the Sum of Sixty Pounds Sterling, to pay Coils to the Captor or Captors, in case the Judge shall decree Costs to be due, that then the Judge of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon producing to nim the said Examination, or Copies thereof, and producing to him upon Oath all the Papers and Writings which shall have been found, taken in, or with such Capture, or on board any other captured Ship or Vessel regarding the fame, or upon Oath made that no Papers or Writings were found, proceed with all convenient Speed to Sentence, either to discharge or acquit such Capture, or to condemn the lame to be good and lawful Prize, according as shall appear to him upon Perusal of such preparatory Examinations, and all the Papers and Writings found, taken in, or with such Capture, or on board any other captured Vessel regarding the fame, if any, such shall be found, or to allow further Time for a Claim to be eptered, or Security given; and in case any such Claim shall be duly entered and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and there shall appear no Occasion to enter into any other Examination, that then the Judge shall within Ten Days, if possible, after such Claim made and Security given, proceed to Sentence as aforesaid touching such Capture 5 but in case upon entering such Claim, and the Attestation thereupon, or the producing of such Papers and Writings as aforesaid, regarding such captured Ship or Vessel, or Goods, and upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful

Appraffiement of to the jujge whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear to him to be necessary.

Oil entering Claim, Security shall be given fur CjAs.

Proceeding! of fudge towards Sentence.

the Capture before Trial;

fnd Delivery to Claimants on Security.

On Reversal of Sentence Net Proceeds of the Capttue lb .11 be deemed their Value.

Six small Privateers taken from the Enemy may be included in One Adjudication.

according to the Circumstances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubts to have an Examination of Witnesses on Pleadings given in by the Parties and admitted by the Judge, or such other lawful Mode of Enquiry as the said Judge may think requisite, that then the said Judge shall forthwith cause such Capture to be appraised by Persons well {killed in the fame, to be named by the Parties, and approved and appointed by the Court, and sworn truly to appraise the fame, according to the best of their Skill and Knowledge 5 for which Purpose the said Judge shall cause, if he shall think fit, the Goods found on board to be unladen, and an Inventory thereof being first taken, if the Judge shall think necessary, by the Marshal of the Admiralty or his Deputy, shall cause them to be put into proper Warehouses, with separate Locks, of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, and where there is no Comptroller, then of the Naval Officer, and the Agents or Persons employed by the Captors and Claimants, at the Charge of the Party desiring the fame; and shall after such Appraisement, and within the Space of Fourteen Days after the making of the said Claims, proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimants to pay the Captors the full Value thereof according to such Appraisement, in case the same shall be adjudged lawful Prize* and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Captors to pay such Costs as the Court shall think proper, in case such Ship, Vessel or Goods shall not be condemned as lawful Prize; and after such Security duly given, the said Judge shall make an Interlocutory Order for releasing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents, and the same shall be aft tally released and delivered accordingly

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, of such Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, shall be finally reverled after Sale of any Ship or Goods, pursuant to the Directions in this Act contained, the Net Proceeds of such Sale (after Payment of all Expences attending the fame) shall be deemed and taken to be the full Value of such Ship and Goods, and that the Party or Parties appellate, and their Securities, shall not be answerable for the Value beyond the Amount of such Net Proceeds, unless it shall appear that such Sale was made fraudulently or without due Care.

XLV. And, for the Encouragement of the Capture of such armed Ships, belonging to the Enemy/ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Captors to include in one Adjudication any Number, not exceeding Six, of such small a^rmed Ships, having a Commission or Letter of Marque from the Enemy, not exceeding Seventy Tons each, aikl which shall have been taken within the Space of Three Months preceding the Application to the Court of Admiralty for such Adjudication.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 72. 499

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Books, Papers, and Writings found in any Ship or Vessel taken All Books, as Prize, shall, without Delay, be brought into the Registry of the Court of Admiralty, upon Oath, found on board wherein such Ship or Vessel may be proceeded against in order to Condemnation, but that only f jeh Books,

Papers, and Writings shall be made use of and translated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the Prodtors R^gWlnf of "a*-of the several Parties, Captors, or Claimants; or in case of no Claim, by the Captor or his Prodlor, or miraliy Comt. Agent or Register, to be necessary for ascertaining the Property of such Ship or Vessel, and Cargo thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Claim on Behalf of any asserted joint Capture shall be admitted Claims of before Condemnation, unless Security be given at the Time of entering the fame, that the Party shall contribute joint

to the actual Captor his Proportion of all Expence that shall attend the obtaining the Adjudication, as well in the first Instance as upon the Appeal, and likewise his Proportion of all Coils and Damages that may be 0; 1 Scci)nty or awarded against the actual Captor on account of the Seizure and Detention; and after final Condemnation, no payment of Allegation setting forth such asserted Interest shall be admitted unless the Party shall have previously paid his Share of Ex-Proportion of all such Expences as shall have attended the obtaining such final Condemnation, and unless he Pence$> shall have shewn sufficient Cause to the Court why such Claim was not asserted at or before the Retur.i of the Monition: (Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the asserted Intereil of any Admiral 01

or Flag Officer claiming to share in any Prize by virtue of his Flag.)

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Registers of every' Vice-Admiralty Court shall, on the Registers of Twenty-sixth Day of December and Twenty-fifth Day of June in every Year, transmit to the Register of the Vice-AdmnaJiy High Court of Admiralty a List of all the Prizes that have been adjudged in their Courts respectively, together Court* fh*H with the Names of the capturing Ships and their Commanders, and the Agents of the Captors, and a Copy £om

of the decretal Part of the Sentences upon the fame, which Lifts shall be hung up for publick Inspection in m0ns and Grccn-the Registry at Doctors Commons, together with similar Lists of the Prizes adjudged in the High Court of wich Hospital, Admiralty, and in the Court of Appeal, and a similar Lift shall in like Manner be transmitted to the Treasurer Lists of Pi«rr» of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy. adjudged.

XLIX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enabled, That if any Captor or Captors, Claimant or Appeal* may be Claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the Sentence, or Interlocutory' Decree having the Force of a Definitive Setence, given or pronounced in the High Court of Admiralty of England, or in any Court of Admiralty or ^earVi?R IVie Vice-Admiralty in any of His Majesty's Dominions, duly authorized to proceed in Prize Cause9, it shall and Causes. may be lawful for the Party or Parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said High Court of Admiralty, or from any of the said Courts of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty, to the Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal of Great Britain for receiving and determining Appeals in Causes of Prize, such Appeals to be interposed and received in the like Manner as Appeals to the Commissioners in Prize Causes have been usually interposed and received from the said High Court of Admiralty, and good Security to be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and also pay such Coils ai shall be awarded in case the Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, of such Ceurt of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty', be affirmed, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided alway'S, that the Execution of any Definitive Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, appealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such Appeal, save as is herein after provided, in case the Party or Parties appellate shall give sufficient Security', to be approved of by the Court in which such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be given, to restore the Ship, Vessel, Goods, or Eflefts, concerning which such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be pronounced, or the full Value thereof, to the Appellant or Appellants, in case the Sentence or Interlocutory Decree so appealed from shall be reversed.

L. And be it enacted, That in case any Person, who was not a Party in the first Instance of the Cause, shall intervene in or interpose an Appeal from a Sentence, or Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Admiralty Court, such Person, 01 his or their Agent or Agents, shall at the same Time enter his or her Claim, otherwise such Appeal shall be null ci^and void.

LI. And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen by Appeals in Prize Causes not being prosecuted in a 4 reasonable Time, and from secret Appeals, or Protocols of Appeal, being entered before a Notary Publick,

' without any Notice given to the Court or Parties appellate, or their Proclors : \For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every Person being a Party or not a Party in a Prize Cause, in the High Court of Admiralty' in England, or in any Vice-Admiralty Court, and against whom a Sentence shall hereafter be given, or any Interlocutory Decree having the Force of a Definitive Sentence pronounced, and who shall appeal therefrom,

shall prosecute such his Appeal by taking out the usual Inhibition, within Twelve Months after the Time such Sentence or Interlocutory Decree shall be given; and that after the Expiration of the said Term of Twelve Months, without any Inhibition having been taken out, no Appeal shall be allowed to'be prosecuted by any Person, being a Party or not a Party, in the said High Court of Admiralty or Vice-Admiralty', nor shall any Inhibition be granted at the Prayer of such Person or his Proctor, but the said Sentence or Interlocutory-Decree shall stand confirmed as to such Person: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Appeals, in all Cases in which it shall appear that a Distribution has not taken place, to permit aji Appeal to be prosecuted after the Term of Twelve Months elapsed, where, upon special Cause shewn, they shall deem such Permission fit and reasonable to be given.

LII. And be it enacted, That in case any Appeal shall be interposed from a Sentence, or Interlocutory On Apprah, Decree having the Force of a definitive Sentence, given or pronounced in any Court of Admiralty or Vice- Captmes(ha<! be Admiralty, concerning any Ship or Vessel, or Goods or Eflefts, which have been, or now are, or shall hereafter applied, and be seized and taken as Prize, that then and in such Case, the Judge of such Court of Admiralty or Vice-

Admiralty shall and may, at the Request, Colls, and Charges either of the Captor or Claimant (or of the delivered, 'oMhe Claimant only, in case where the Privilege is reserved in favour of the Claimant by any Treaty or Treaties Effects fold, and

Appellants n»t Pa'ties in the First Instance shall enter thiir

Appeal*. Appellant! fSrrM t*kc oul Inhibitions within Twetvc Mouth*;

un'efs oh^pecia Caute.

Privilege

3s

fulfilling >l, e Monc>'

depefitod,

5°°

C. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Pass for raptured Vessel*.

Directions for

subsisting between His Majesty and Foreign Powers), make an Order to have such Capture appraised, unless the Parties shall otherwise agree upon the Value thereof, and an Inventory to be made, and then take Security for the full Value thereof accordingly, and thereupon cause such Capture to be delivered to the Party giving such Security, in Tike Manner as is herein-before enacted, notwithstanding such Appeal; and if there shall be any Difficulty or sufficient Objection to the giving or taking Security, the Judge shall, at the Request of either of the Parties, order such Goods and Effects to be entered, landed, and sold by publick Auction, under the-Care and Custody of the proper Officers of the Customs, and under the Direction and Inspection of such Persons as shall be appointed by the Claimants and Captors; and the Monies arising from the Sale shall be brought into Court, and, by the Register, Deputy Register or Deputy Registers, of the said Court, be deposited in the x Bank of England, or (in case the Captors and Claimants shall agree thereto) in some publick Securities at Interest, in the Names of the Register and of such Trustees as they the said Captors and Claimants shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and if such Security shall be given by the Claimants, then the Judge shall give such captured Ship or Vessel a Pass under his Seal, to prevent its being again taken by His Majesty's Subjects in its destined Voyage.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Appraisements and Sales of any Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, appointing Prize and Merchandize, as shall be taken by any Ship or Ships of War, shall be made by Agents appointed by the Agent*. Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Ships Companies or Company, and

others entitled thereto 5 thaj is to say, that if the Flag Officers or Flag Officer of any Fleet or Squadron of Ships as shall take any such Prize or Prizes, or the Majority if more than One, shall appoint One or more Person or Persons, Agent or Agents as aforesaid, then the Captains and Commanders, or Captain and Commander entitled thereto, or the Majority of them if more than One, may appoint the like Number to act for them; and all the Officers and others described in His Majesty's said Proclamations, and usually designated the Commissioned and Warrant Officers, may appoint a like Number to act for them j and all the Remainder of the Crew, usually designated the Petty Officers, and the Seamen or Marines, may appoint a. like Number.

LIV. And be it further en&ed, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for any Prize or Prizes taken by any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels of War, or for receiving the Bounty herein after granted, shall exhibit and cause to be registered in the said High Court of Admiralty in Gre.it Britain, in the respective Courts of Vice-Admiralty in America, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions where the said Prize and Prizes, and every of them, shall be proceeded against, his or their respective Letter or Letters of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents for the Purposes aforesaid 5 and if any Person or Persons so appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall, without sufficient Cause to be approved by the Court, omit or delay so to do for the Space of Twenty Days after the Monition has been taken out in the said High Court of Admiralty in Grec*} Britain, or in any Court of Vice-Admiralty in America, or other His Majesty's Dominions, for the Care and Distribution of which he or they shall be appointed Agent or Agents, such Person or Persons so omitting or delaying shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall be aifqualified for ailing as Agent for any such Prize or Prizes.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, except the Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed Agent or Agents, and who shall actually discharge the Duties of Agent, shall, under any Colour or Pretence, receive any Part, Share, or Proportion of any Commission in respect of such Agency Business, or any Emolument, Advantage, or Benefit out of any such Commission; and all and every Person or Persons so nominated and appointed Agents or Agent, who shall give to, or allow' to be taken by any other Person* receiving Person or Persons, and every Person who mail take, accept, or receive, either himself, or by any other Person. XI on his Behalf, or for his , Use, Benefit, or Advantage, or the Use, Benefit, or Advantage of any Part of his

Double the Sum family, any Part, Share, or Proportion of any such Commission, or any Emolument, Advantage, or Benefit

received. thereout, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also Double the

Amount or Value of what shall have been so given, or allowed to be taken, or shall have been so taken and received as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Register or Registers of His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, and of all other Courts of Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, shall from Time to Time duly cuter or register, or cause to be entered or registered, in One or more Book or Books to be by him or them kept for that Purpose only, all'Letters of Attorney' that shall be exhibited or delivered to them after the passing of tlfta Act, by any Agent or Agents for any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, or by any Agent or Agents for the Receipt and Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills, within Fourteen Days after the same shall be so exhibited or delivered to such Register or Registers, at his or their respective Omces, which Registry shall contain the Days of Delivery and Entry',

the Dates of the letters of Attorney, the Names and Places of Abode of the Agents, the Names of the Prizes taken, or of the Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Names of the Ships or Vessels by which such Prizes shall have been taken, or by which such Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy shall have been taken, burnt, sunk, or otherwise destroyed, together with the Date of the Condemnation (if any Condemnation shall have passed thereon), and of the Appeal, (if C ic» Half an^r* interposed); and the Register or Registers shall, on the Twenty-sixth Day of December and the Twcrviy-Yrarfo t>Green- Day of dune, or within Forty Days thereafter in every Year, transmit or deliver unto the Treasurer of

wich Hu(f>iral, the said Hospital, or to the lawful Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, a true Copy or Traascript, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all such Entries as aforesaid within the preceding Half Year; and if such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to make or keep such Entries, or to transmit or deliver such Copies thereof as aforesaid, within the respective Times herein-before limited for that Purpose, he or they shall, for eve: y such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any Agent or Agents

Agents shall register their Powers of Attorney.

Penalty 5qo\. and Disability.

Penalty on.Agents permitting others to have any Share^ &c. in Commission, and on

Registers of C<jurts «f Admiralty shall enter Powers of

Attorney,

and transoiit

Penally 300l.

C. 72.

5QI

Agents shall be appointed after the Time any Sentence of Condemnation in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be given, such Agent or Agents shall, under the aforesaid Penalty, register, or cause to be registered in Manner aforesaid, his or their respective Letters or Letter of Attorney, appointing him or them Agent or Agents as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty Days after the Date of the said Letter or Letters of Attorney.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Agent, when he shall register the first Letter or Letters of Attorney, which, in purfuSnce of this Act, he shall register after the passing thereof, shall at the same Time give Security, with Two Sureties, by a joint and several Bond, in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to the Court of Admiralty in which such Letter or Letters shall be registered, for the due Execution of his Trust in all Matters of Prize Agency that shall be committed to his Care during the prefen t War; and if he shall neglect or refuse so to do, such Letter or Letters of Attorney shall be null and void, and he shall be for ever disabled from acting as an Agent in Matters of Prize.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Register or Registers of all and every the Court and Courts of Vice-Admiralty in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America, or elsewhere in any of His Majesty's Dominions, shall yearly and every Year, upon the Twenty-third Day of OSoher, or within Three Calendar Months next after the fame, make out and transcribe true Copies of all and every such Letter and Letters of Attorney as shall be so registered in the said Court or Courts, to which the Judge and Judges of the said Court and Courts shall ^ffix his and their Seal of Office, and then the said Register or Registers mall transmit the same to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to be there registered, and to be inspected by any Person, gratis; the Charges of which Copies, Jand affixing the Seal or Seals thereto* ind transmitting the same to the Treasurer of the mid Hospital, shall be paid by the said Agent or Agents at the Time of making such Registry as aforesaid 5 and in case such Register or Registers shall neglect or refuse to transcribe and transmit such Copy and Copies of the said Letter and Letters of Attorney in Manner aforesaid, (if any Ship or Ships in that Time shall fail from that Port or Place, to any Port or Ports in Great Britain), such Register and Registers so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. '

LIX. ' Ana, for the better and more effectual making such Letters of Attorney Evidence of the Agency*of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made; be it further enacted, That true Copies of such Letter Or Letters of Attorney, and of Transcripts, under JSeal, transmitted by the said Register or Registers j©f the Court and Courts ot Admiralty in His Majesty's Plantations in America, and elsewhere within His Majesty's Dominions, and registered by the said Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be good and sufficient Evidence of the Agency of the Person or Persons to w hom such Letter of Attorney is or shall be made, and from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, shall be admitted without further or other Proof thereof, to be legal Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of Record of Law or Equity; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That upon every Capture there shall be sent by the Captain or Commander of the captured Ship, or some Person under his Authority, to the Agent or Agents for such Capture a List of the Persons entitled to share therein, which Prize Lift shall be subscribed by the Lieutenant, and all the signing Officers then on board the Ship, and shall contain the Names, Ages, and Descriptions of the Persons entitled to share therein, the Names being arranged in the same Order in which they (land in the Muster Books, which said Names and Descriptions shall be taken from the Description Book belonging to the said Ship, and an Alphabetical Lift or Index of the Names of all such Persons shall be prefixed to such Prize Lift, and the same shall be examined with and comefted by the Muster Books of such Ships, by which such Captures shall be made, deposited in the Navy Office, and shall be certified by Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; and in case no such Prize Lift as aforesaid shall be sent to such Agent or Agents, he or they shall apply to the Commissioners of the Navy for a List of the Persons entitled to share in such Capture, and such last mentioned Lift shall thereupon be made out from the Returns in the Office of the said Commissioners of the Navy, who shall cause the same to be made out, and certify the Truth thereof under their Hands, or under die Hands of any Two or more of them; and any Person or Persons who shall alter the Name or Rating of any Person or Persons in any List which shall have been so certified as aforesaid, or erase or take away any Name therefrom, or add any Name thereto, after the same shall have been so certified as aforesaid, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, or Corporation whatsoever, shall forfeit the Sufo of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that in case it shall appear at or before Distribution, that any Error has been 'pommitted in the Prize Lift, or in the Muster Books transmitted to the Navy Office, nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Correction of such Error; nor in case of the Oiniffion of any Name on the Distribution Lift, inch Omission having been made through Error, to charge the Agent further than with Payment of the Sum due, together with all Expences of the Party in recovering the fame: Provided also, that if any Agreement shall have been made with any Person or Persons not entitled under His Majesty's Proclamation, or the Prize Ad, to share in any Capture, the Agent, or Hospital, making Distribution according to such Agreement admitted and acknowledged by the Persons entitled under the said Proclamation or Act of Parliament, shall not be liable to any Penalty on that Account.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Distribution shall have been made upon any Prize Lift, and certified as herein directed, the Agent or the Hospital making the same shall not be liable to any Penalty, Suit, or Action, otherwise than before mentioned, in consequence of any Error or Omission in the said Lift.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Condemnation in any Vice-Admiralty Court, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the Judge to compel the Agent, at the Requisition of the Captor, to give Security at the Time of Condemnation for the faithuil Distribution of the Proceeds, or for the remitting thereof to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or to such Persons in

12 England

Agents

appointed after Condemnation of Pi ires (hill register tl.cir Powers.

Agents shall give Security in 5, ooooi. Penalty Incapacity.

Registers of Vice-Admiralty Courts in America shall transmit to Greenwich Hof-p'tal Copies of Letter* of Attorney registered in their Courts.

Penalty 50*!.

Copies of Letters of Attorney and Registry shall be Evidence of Agency.

[Andfee f, 77.]

Regulations as to Prixe Lift to be sent to Agents.

IV al y on alter* ing Prixe Lut ^ool.

Agent, &c. not

answerabic fir Errors in Piixe Lifts.| Srt/60.]

On Condemnation in V'ice-Admiralty Courts, where no Claimant appc. 11>,

502 C. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1865.

Agent shall give Security.

On such Condemnations either in Admi-laliy or Vice-Admiralty Courts, Agents tnay he compelled to vert the Proceeds in publick Secu-litUs.

Whenever Sen-tct.ce of Condemnation is appe led frtm, the Judge may otder the Proceeds of Sale to be brought in and inverted in publick Securities, &c.

Lords of Appeals may m ucr Proceeds to be paid into Court.

Agents shall transmit Accounts of Condemnation and State of Proceeds to Greenwich Hospital, Penalry

Before Payment of Piitc«, Ager.t Hull exi ihu to Court of Admiralty a Copy of Account of Sale. Penalty 500l. &c.

Agents shall advettife their exhibiting Accounts of Saks.

Agency shall be on Net Proceeds

Time of Distribution of Proceeds by Agents.

England as the Captors shall appoint, under the Difeft ions F the Court, for the Purpose of being distributed

in England.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Condemnation in the High Court of Admiralty, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, at the Prayer of the Captors, to compel the Agents, by Process of Monition and Attachment, to vest the Proceeds of the Property condemned in such publick Securities as the Captors shall elect, there to remain and accumulate for the Benefit of the Parties entitled till the Time of Appeal shall be lapsed, subject nevertheless to the further Directions of the Court, upon the Application of the Captors j and in all Cases of Condemnation in any Court of Vice-Admiralty, where there is no Claimant or Appellant before the Court, it shall be lawful for the said Court, at the Prayer of the Captors, to direct the Property captured, or the Proceeds thereof, to be forthwith transmitted to Great Britain, there to be veiled in such publick Securities after being fold, (if not already converted by Sale), as the Captors^shall elect; until the regular Time of Appeal shall have lapsed, subject nevertheless to the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty, upon the Application of the Captors.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admrialty, in all Cases wherein any Sentence of Condemnation pronounced in the said Court is appealed from, at the Time of serving the.Inhibition thereon, or at any Time thereafter during the Pendancy of the said Appeal, and without Prejudice to such Appeal, to assign the Agent or Agents, or other Persons in whose Hands the Proceeds of the Prize may have come, at the Prayer of either Party, or of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies for such Purpose, to bring into and leave in the Registry the Net Proceeds of the Sales of such Prize, deducting therefrom so much as in the Discretion of the Judge shall be requisite to be left in the Hands of the Agent or Agents, for the Expences of defending the said Appeal; and the Proceeds so brought in shall be deposited, in case the Parties shall agree thereto, in some publick Securities at Interest, in the Names of the Register or Deputy Register, and of such Trustees as the Parties shall appoint, and the Court shall approve; and in case cither Party shall refuse his Consent thereto, the Party praying the same shall have such Proceeds laid out and inverted in publick Securities for his Use and Benefit, he giving good and sufficient Security to the Court to answer to the other Party for any Loss or Deficiency that may be occasioned thereby, in case such other Party shall be ultimately pronounced to be entitled to the Property.

LXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Lords Commissioners of Appeals are authorized and empowered in any Case of Appeal before them, to order at their Discretion the Proceeds of any Prize, the subject of such Appeal, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be paid by the Agent or Agents for such Prize, at the Requisition of the Captors or Claimants, into the Court, to be laid out or disposed of at the Discretion of the Court on any Application made for that Purpose either by the Captors or Claimants.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Agent reficient in the United Kingdom shall, within Six Weeks after any Condemnation in the High Cotnt of Admiralty, transmit a Notice of such Condemnation to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, together with an Account of the State of the Property condemned at the Time of such Transmission, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, unless a reasonable Cause be shewn to and approved by the Court of Admiralty.

500l.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, after the Sale of any Prize is completed, and before the Time of the First Payment of the Prize Money to be distributed, or at any Time thereafter, at the Direction of the Court, exhibit in the respective Court of Vice-Admiralty in which the Prize shall have been condemned* or in the High Court of Admiralty, and if such Prize shall have been condemned in any Court of Vice-Admiralty abroad, shall, as soon as the same can be done, transmit to the High Court of Admiralty in England^n attested Copy of the detailed Accounts of the Sales of such Prize, duly verified upon Oath, together with attested Copies of all Vouchers required by the Court, which Copies, so transmitted to the said High Court of Admiralty, shall be deposited in the, publick Registry thereof, and all Parties interested therein shall have Liberty to object to the Charges and Articles therein contained, and the said Court shall confirm or disallow the Accounts, upon hearing the Objections, and shall make such fqrther Order touching the said Accounts, and the Distribution of the Proceeds, as the Case may require; and any Agerit who shall neglect or refuse to bring in a Copy of his Accounts at the Time hereby directed, or who shall proceed to distribute without having exhibited and transmitted a Copy of the said Accounts, duly verified on Oath in Manner aforesaid, or who shall refhfe or neglect to obey any Order of any Court of Admiralty, for the Distribution of the Proceeds of any such Prize or Prizes, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall moreover be subject to the Process of the Court of Admiralty, by Monition and Attachment, until he shall have obeyed the Order of the said Court; and it shall be lawful for the said Court to pronounce the Bond given with the Letter or Letters of Agency to be forfeited, and to levy the Penalties secured thereby from the Sureties in the said Bond.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Agent shall. Ten Days before he exhibits his Account of Sales in the Registry of the High Court of Admiralty, cause Advertisements to be twice inserted in the London Gazette, notifying to all Persons concerned that the Account of Sales of such Prize or Prizes will be brought into the Registry f the said Court.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Per CentageTor Agency shall be charged upon the Net Proceeds of any^P^ze or Prizes, Bounty Bills or Salvage.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Agent shall be compellable to distribute any Proceeds of any Prize, except in the Cases in this Act mentioned, until after the Time of Appeal has lapsed, and every such Agent shall, as far as he is able, complete the Distribution of such Proceeds within Thnee Months from the Time of commeocirig the same.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 72.

503

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, judge of AHmi-in all Cases, either in the present War or in any former War, in which the regular Time of Appeal is elapsed, and Vice-or in which the Appeal hath been determined, or for any Judge of any Court of Vice-Admiralty abroad, in Admiralty any such Case as aforesaid, to which any Certificate from the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty shall be order and cnf. rce transmitted of the Time of Appeal being elapsed, without further Prosecution, together with an Order of Distribution of^Distribution thereon, to make an Order for Production and Verification of Accounts, and for the Distribution Pioc« eds after of the Proceeds, and to enforce the same by the Process of the said Court by Monition and Attachment upon Lipfe of Time the Agent or Agents in whose Hands the rroceeds may be lodged, or any other Person whomsoever to whom ^ur Appe-i. such Proceeds may have been committed, and likewise by further Process against the Sureties of the said Agent or Agents; and all Courts of Vice Admiralty in America or elsewhere, are hereby empowered, directed, and required, to enforce upon all Persons within their Jurisdiction all such Orders, and all other Orders of the High Court of Admiralty, whether relating to Prizes, or to any Matter or Thing relating thereto, within their respective Jurisdictions.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Judge of the High Conrt of Admiralty, or of the Vice- O i Certificate Admiralty Court, in which any Prize shall have been condemned, shall certify that the Ship or Vessel so ot ^n/0 ld* , n£ condemned failed under the Flag and Pass of the Enemy, or under any Commission of War granted by the Enemy, then and in such Case, on the Application or by the Direction of the Captain or other Commander of proceeds may be the Ship or Vessel making such Capture, the Proceeds shall be distributed, and an Order of the Court may be dirtnbuted obtained at his Prayer, on the Agent or Agents, to distribute the Proceeds of such Prize before the Time of honxx.

Appeal lapsed, subject nevertheless to the Liability of the Captor to answer any Appeal that may be instituted thereafter during the Time limited by Law for Appeals.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Sale or Sales of any Prize or Prizes which have been j*n*c

or shall be takei? from the Enemy by any of His Majesty's Ships of War or hired armed Ships, publick Notifi- the"

cation, in Manner herein after mentioned, shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, for p, ylTicnt of the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors aforesaid; that is to say, if the Prize or Prizes shall have Prize Money in been or shall be condemned in His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty of Great Britain, then the Person or LondonGaact.e; Persons, Agent or Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act for the Appraisement and Sale of such Prize or Prizes, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such Notification, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively in the London Gazette; and if in any Court of Vice-Admiralty, then in some Gazette or Newspaper of publick Authority, of the Island or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall he condemned, and if there shall be no Gazette, or such other Newspaper published there, then in some or One of the moll publick Newspapers of such Island or Place; and if no Newspapers and deliver are there published, then by affixing Notice to the Church, or some other publick Building directed by the Governor of such Island or Place; and all Persons or Agents publishing, or causing to be published, every such Abroad

Notification respectively, shall deliver to the Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher for the Time being of His whoshalltranf- Majesty's Customs, residing at, or belonging to the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been mitOncto or shall be condemned, or the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, and if Greenwich there shall be no such Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, then such Person or Agents as aforesaid shall deliver One^the^ to the principal Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where the Prize or Prizes shall have been or shall be Treasurer of the condemned, or to the lawful Deputy or Deputies of such principal Officer or Officers, Three of those Gazettes Navy, or other Newspapers in which such Notification shall be so inserted and published 5 and if there should not be any publick Newspapers in any such Island or Place, then such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall give Three such Notifications in Writing, under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to the said Collector,

Comptroller, or Searcher, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher; or where there shall be no such Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, to such principal Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies aforesaid; and every such Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, and principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies, shall subscribe his or their Name or Names on some conspicuous Part of each of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively, and by the first Ship which shall fail (after his or their Receipt of such Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications respectively) from such Port or Place to any Port in Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or the Deputy of such Treasurer for the Time being, One of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and another of the said Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, directed to the Treasurer of the Navy, or His Majesty's Paymaster of the Navy in London, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said Three Gazettes, Newspapers, or written Notifications, with his or their Name or Names thereon subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their Custody; and that in every such printed or written Notification as aforesaid, the said Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, shall insert or specify the Name or Names of the Prize or Prizes about to be distributed, and of the Ship or Ships by which the same shall have been captured, and also the precise Day of the Month and Year in which such Capture or Captures shall have been made, and also his or their Place or Places of Abode, Christian and Surname or Surnames at full Length, and the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of the several and respective Shares of the Prize or Prizes to the Captors; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned or to be condemned in Great Britainr Time of pub-(hail be published in the London Gavcette Three Days at lead before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of iifhxng fame, any such Prize or Prizes, shall be paid to any such Person or Persons entitled thereto; and all such Notifications with respect to Prizes condemned, or to be condemned in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall be delivered to the said Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers as aforesaid respectively, or such respective Deputy or Deputies, One Day at lead before any Part or Parts, Share or Proportion of any

O such

Contents of Notification.

s°+

C. 7.2.

458 GEORGII III.

A.D. 180e.

r*ze or ^>r'ze$* be Pa^ to any or Persons entitled thereto; after which several and respective

Greenwich

H Capital.

N'Tice ftvdl he given to Greenwich Hospiul,

&r. of the Amount of an individual Share in each CUfs, $cc.

Agents

Notifications, if any Man's Share shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such Men as shall be run from His Majesty's Service, or which shall fiot be legally demanded and paid within Three Months next after such Notification, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Person's or Agent's Hands, or belonging to such Men as shall run from His Majesty's Service, shall go and be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, together with the Gazette, Newspaper, or written Notification so to be delivered to the Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, or to their lawful Deputy or Deputies, or to the principal Officer, or his Deputy or Deputies, there shall be delivered by the Agent or Agents a written Notification of the Amount of an Individual Share in each Oafs, which Notification shall be transmitted to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, and a similar Notification shall in like Manner he delivered, and afterwards transmitted to the Treasurer of the Navy, or the Paymaster of the Navy in London; and if the Prize shall have been condemned in the High Court of Admiralty in Great Britain, a written Notification to the like Efft*6\ shall be transmitted by the Agent or Agents immediately upon Publication of Notice for Payment in the London Gazette, to the Treasurer of the Navy, or the Paymaster of the Navy in London, and to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Prize Agent shall, for Three Months after the Distribution ih n\ Kup Office has commenced of the Proceeds of any Prize condemned in England, or Bounty hereby granted, keep an

open foiPayment, office open Two Days at lead in every Week, during the usual Hours of Attendance, for the Payment of

Three Months Shares remaining due, which Days, together with the Place where such Payments are to be made, shall be r Sees. So.] specified in the Notification of Payments published in the Gazette, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglect

Penalty 500l. therein Five hundred Pounds; and at the Conclusion of such Three Months he shall suspend all further Payment to the Captors.

'Penaltyfi.r

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Agent appointed or to be appointed for

Neglta of giving Appraisement or Sale of any Prize or Prizes taken or to be taken from the Enemy by any of His Majesty's Notice of Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Vessels, or for the Distribution of any Bounty Money, shall neglect

Prixe^Money, or or re^l|fe° publish, give, or deliver any Notification herein directed or required to be published, given, or not tfAnfmiiting delivered or shall not give, publfth, or deliver any such Notification before the Payment of any Part of such Prize Notices tool, on or Bounty Money, and within the Times herein limited, or in the Manner herein appointed, or shall not Ag ntt, nd specify or set forth in such Notification the Matters and Things herein directed to be specified and set forth. Cull"offlccrl every such Person or Agent shall for such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred oms. Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court in which the same shall be sued for, and if any Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher of His Majesty's Customs, or principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, ftialbneglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or fend any such Gazette, Newspaper, or

written Notification as aforesaid, in such Manner as is before directed, every such Collector, Comptroller, or

Searcher, principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Notifications in all such Gazettes, Newspapers, and in Writing respectively as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such Collector, Comptroller, or Searcher, or principal Officer or Officers, or such Deputy or Deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said Royal Hospital, on Proof of the Hand-writing of such Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, principal Officer or Officers, or Deputy or Deputies, from Time to Time, and at all Times, shall be good and sufficient Evidence in all His Majesty's Courts of La^ and Equity, and Admiralty, that the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are therein set forth and specified as the Agent or Agents of the Prize or Prizes therein respectively mentioned, is or are such Agent or Agents. v

LXXVIII. And be it fiuther enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person and Persons, Agent and Agents, already appointed or jto be appointed by the Flag Officers or Flag Officer, Captains or Captain, Officers or Officer, Snips Companies or Ships Company, and others, of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, for the Distribution of any Bounty Bill or Bills given or granted by virtue of this Act, shall insert and publish or cause to be inserted and published under Irs or their Hand or Hands in the London Gazette, Three Days at lead before the Payment or Distribution of any such Bill or Bills, publick Notification of the precise Day of the Month and Year appointed for the Payment of such Bounty Money, and shall insert in even'- such Notification the Pla«c or Places of his or their Abode, and the Christian and Surname of the Agent at full Length.

Wher£ Notifications of Payments, have been or shall be given before the Time or without the Requisites directed by $ 73, &c. such Notifications may be given, as to Prizes condemned in Great Britain before 4<*a6th July 1805; in Europe or Amenca before 25th December 1805; or elsewhere before 25th June 1806.

r — $79."

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That at the End of Four Months after the first Distribution of the Proceeds of any Prize, every Agent shall pay over all Shares and Balances then remaining unpaid, to the Treasurer of - Greenwich Hospital, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint and depute to receive the same; and ffiaU like wile'make out and transmit to the said Treasurer, or his Deputy or Deputies, a true Statement and Account in Wanting under his Hand, of the Produce of all such Prize or .Prizes as aforesaid, together with an Account hi the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors, which shall have then been mV\ B'l'nc.-.*a an<^ truV ^7 a*}d shall verify such Statement and Account on Oath, which Oath the said

trartfr*iirthiUMTr Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby authorized ajid required Accuunn ot, to admiuilier.; and such Agent shall, at the same Time, deliver to the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, an

authentick

Notifications regilteird ar Greenwich Hospital shall be Evidenced Agency. [s/nJfcrf. 59.]

'Noticejof Dillubution of Bounty Bill* (See/: 5.) shall be interred in the Gazette.

At the rnd of Fuur M af. er first Distribution

($"/- 75)

Agent* shall pay over to Gr en--wich Hospital

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 72.

authentic1*. Duplicate of the Distribution or Prize Lift on which the Payments have been made; and also that every Person or Persons authorized by this or any other Act to receive Bills for the Bounty hereby granted, shall, within the like Space of Four Months next after the Day appointed for the first Payment or Distribution of i'uch Bills for the Bounty as aforesaid, in like Manner transmit or deliver to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, a true Statement and Account in Writing under his Hand, of the Proceeds, Payments, and Distribution of such Bills, and verify the same as aforesaid, and in like Manner deliver a Duplicate of the Distribution Lift of such Bonnty Money; and every Agent, and Person authorized to receive Bounty Money, who shall refuse or neglect, as herein directed, to pay such Shares and Balances within Thirty Days after the Expiration of such Four Months, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above a Sum equal to the Sum then remaining in his Hands; and every Agent, or Person authorized to receive a Bounty, who shall, at the End of the said Thirty Days, have neglected or refused to transmit and verify an Account as above directed of the Proceeds of such Prize or Bounty, and of the Distribution thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be liable to the Process of the Courts until the said Duty be complied with and performed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, and they are hereby directed and required, with all convenient Speed after any Account of the Produce of any such Prize or Prizes, and of the Payments of the several Shares thereof, to the respective Captors as last herein-before directed, shall have been rendered by any Agent or Agents to such Treasurer, to extract from such Accounts the Names of the several Persons whose Shares of such Prize or Prizes shall, at the Time of rendering such last mentioned Accounts, have been paid over by such Agent to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, together with the Amount of each such Share, and the Name or Names of such Prize or Prizes, and of the Ship or Ships of War by which they shall have been respectively captured; which Extracts shall be forthwith transmitted by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, to the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, and shall there be open to the Inspection of all Persons interested therein, on every Day (Sundays excepted) within the usual Hours of Business at the said Navy Pay Office, for which Inspection no Fee or Gratuity whatever shall be due or payable.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That after the Balances shall have been so paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, the said Treasurer, or his Deputy or Deputies, and the Clsrx of the Cheque of the said Hospital, or his Chief Clerk, shall keep an Office open from Nine of the Clock in the Morning to Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on every Day in the Week (Sundays excepted) for the Purpose of paying and refunding, and shall jointly pay and refund such Shares, when demanded, according to the Regulations herein after contained.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Flag Officer, or Commissioned or Warrant Officer, shall direct by any Order in Writing, that his distributive Share or Balance shall not be paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, the same shall remain in the Hands of the Agent, subject to all such further Orders as such Officer may give respecting the same.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Deduction shall be allowed on any Account in the Payments of unclaimed or forfeited Shares and Balances paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, for any Sums not appearing upon the Prize Lift of Distribution to have been thereon paid and acknowledged, unless satisfactory Vouchers from the Parties, or their lawful Attornies are produced for the same.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons belonging to any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or to any Merchant Ship employed in His Majesty's Service, who shall run aWay, or withdraw him or themselves from the Ship or Vessel by which any Prize or Prizes shall be taken from any of His Majesty's Enemies, or otherwise from His Majesty's Service, before or after Notification shall be given by the Persons or Agents appointed as aforesaid, of the Day appointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors of the said Prize or Prizes, shall have or be entitled to.have or claim, any Interest in or Benefit from the said Share or Shares of the said Prize or Prizes, or the Bounty Money aforesaid, or any Part thereof that shall then remain unpaid; but such Share and Shares of such Prize or Prizes and Bounty Money, shall go and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, subject to the Provisoes and Exemptions herein-before mentioned.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Agent or Agents for Prizes or Bounty Money shall be liable to be sued, impleaded, orarrested by any Person or Persons who shall be made run from His Majesty's Service in the Lift, to be duly certified, of the Names of the Officers, Seamen, Marines, Soldiers, or others, who shall Le adu.illy on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, at the taking of any Prize or Prizes, unless th; Person or Persons so made run shall, before any Action brought, obtain a Certificate of his or their R. or R's being taken off, and the Forfeiture of his or their Shares of such Prizes and Bounty Monies being dischirgjd by the Co nmiffi >ners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three or more of them, and shall produce; uch Certificate to the said Agent or Agents respectively, and unless the said Agent or Agents, on the pro-duciig of such Certifijate or Certificates, shall refuse to pay the said Prize or Bounty Money, in case the same be d le and payable, according to the Directions in His Majesty's Proclamation, within Three Months after any (lc!j Dcma: d made, and such Certificate produced.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Agent, acting as such for any Prize in any of His Majesty's Settlements, Colonies, or Plantations abroad, or in any Place out of the United Kingdom, shall mi k? up his Account, and deliver up, and verify the same in the Vice-Admiralty Court, in which such Prize ftn.ll have been condemned, in such Manner as the said Court shall require, within Six Months after the Corn-men ement of the Distribution of the Proceeds of fhch Prize, and shall, under the Direction of the Court, on tie Application of the Deputy of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital there resident, and in such Manner as 45 Geo. III. 3 T shall

5°5

Proerrds of Prize and Bounty Money on Oath,

Penalties for Neglect.

Treasurer of Greenwich Hufpir.il flaall Uansmit Names of Persons whose Shares have been paid over to him, to the Navy Pay Office for publick Inspetfion.

Office (halt he opened at Greenwich Hospital for paying Shares.

Officers may direct their. Shares to remain in Agent's Hands.

No Deductions allowed to Agents unless on proper Vouchers.

Run Men shall not be entitled to Prise Money.

No Anent shall be 'uetl I y Rim Men, unlcfsafter

ir*u»al to pay un Cot (irate pro-of the R being take.) of it

Periods for

remit ring lincJaimedSh.il es from Foreig 1 Pairs.

£06 C.}2t

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

I. S', f. 57]

Lists of F.ize* accounted fur to Orecnwich Huf-pifal ftiail be iranfmiited to HcrCons appointed to receive Claims, for publick. inspection. Where the Skip is abfsnt, the Treasurer of Orernwich Hof-pical may cause Money to be lodged rn the Hank, Sec, to accumulritc for Bv-ncbt of the

Captors*

He me dies given to Captors for enforcing Distributkm of Prize.*, See. may be used by the Hospital.

Form ef a Letter of Attoiney for receiving Prize M«ncy.

ftnll be specified in any Order made for that Purpose, remit all unclaimed Balances and Shares, and all Shares of Run Men, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Iioioital in England, or pay the same over to the Deputy Treasurer for the Purpose of being remitted, at the Election of the Deputy, so as that the same may be paid to the said Treasurer within Six Months after exhibiting his Accounts in such Court as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting his Bond of Five thousand Pounds#: Provided always, that if the Condemnation of any such Prize shall nave passed in the East Indies, then the Agent shall cause the same to be remitted, so as that the same may be paid to the Treasurer within Twelve Months after the verifying such Account as aforesaid.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Lists of all Prizes accounted for to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, condemned in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any Court of Vice-Admiralty, shall be trani-mitted Six Times in every Year from the Office of the Clerk of the Cheque at Greenwich Hospital, to the several Persons appointed by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, to receive Applications and Claims for Prize and fiounty Monies, which Lifts so transmitted, shall be open to Inspe6hon by any Person or Persons who shall desire to inspect the fame, on every Day (Sunday excepted) between the Hours of Ten and Four, for which Inspection, no Fee or Gratuity whatever shall be due or payable.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Sliip or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, having made any Capture or Captures, shall not he in any of the British or Irish, or North Seas at the regular Time of Distribution, so as to enable the Officers and Men thereof to be able to receive the same, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the said Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, to cause the Proceeds of such Capture or Captures to be paid to him or them, within One Month after the regular Period of Distribiltion,

and when so paid to be forthwith lodged in the Bank, or inverted in publick Security of Exchequer Bills, in

the Names of the said Treasurer, the Secretary, and Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, till the Return of the Ship or Ships, by which the Capture or Captures shall have been made, for the Benefit of the Captors; and on the Return of any such Ship or Ships, to cause such Proceeds, with all Accumulations thereon*

under the Authority of the Directors of the said Royal Hospital, to be distributed within Three Months

thereafter: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons entitled to share in such Prtee and Bounty Monies, by reason of any Change of Ship or other Cause, shall apply for such his or their Share or Shares of any such Prize or Bounty Money, to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, it shall be lawful for such Treasure^or his Deputy, to order anddirect a sufficient Part of any such Securities to be sold and paid to such Person or Persons entitled as aforesaid, or to pay the same out of any other Monies in his Hands on Account of Prizes or otherwise, and to retain, for the Benefit of Greenwich 'Hospital, such Proportion as shall have been so paid, together with all Interest thereon, when such Securities shall afterwards be sold for Distribution.

XC. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Remedies given by this Act to, or that may by Law be used or enforced, or A&ionS that may be brought by any Captors to compel Agents to exhibit their Accounts, and verify the fame, and bring in Proceeds and enforce Distribution, or for any otheV Purposes relating to Prize Agency, may and shall be used, exercised, enforced, and put in Execution on Behalf of the Captors, by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or by any Deputy or Deputies appointed by him as such in Matters relating to Prizes, in as full and ample a Manner as by the Captors themselves.

In Cases of Captures made before 1st January 1805, Agents shall distribute the Proceeds under 43 G. J- c. 160. andtransmit Account* to Greenwich Hospital wiUiin Two Months, and pay all Shares of Run Men within One Month after passing the Act, §91."

XCII. And whereas Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, in His Majesty's Naval Service, have heretofore been, in many Instances, defrauded of their Prize and Bounty Moniri, or large Proportions thereof, in consequence of their having improvidently, and without sufficient Consideration for the fame, executed Powers of Attorney, and other Instruments, by which they have transferred their Interest not only in all such Prize and Bounty Money, which, at the Time of executing such Powers of Attorney or Instruments, might have been due to them, but also all Prize and Bounty Money to which they might thereafter become entitled 5 for Remedy whereof, and for preventing a Continuance of such Frauds and Impositions, be it enacted, That all Shares of Prize and Bounty Money due and to become due to Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, shall be paid by the Agent or the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or his Deputy, and the Cleric of the Checque of the said Hospital, or his chief Clerk, to the Persons entitled thereto, or Persons authorized by any Order to receive the same, which Order shall specify the Name of the particular Prize or Prizes for Distribution (should the Distribution be for more than One Prize), or if the Capture shall have been upon the Land, of the Place or Fortress out of which the Prize Money shall have arisen, together with the Name \ £ His Majesty's Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels of War, by which such Prize or Prizes was or were taken, and shall contain a full Description of the Person giving such Order, signed by the Captain and one other signing Officer of the Ship in which the Party shall be then serving, or if discharged from the Service, then such Order, with such Description as before mentioned, shall be witnessed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish in which such Party may reside, which Order being admitted and paid, shall remain with the .Agent or Agents of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or nis Deputy, paying the fame, and shall be in the following Form:

- Ship 1 4 or > Date.

Place J

4 At One Day's Sight, pay to B, or his Order, the Sum of [in Writing] being the Amount of my Shane of Prize or Bounty Money for the Capture of when serving as [ Quality 'J

on bouid His M-ijt fty's Ship or Vessel the Aranie] [or if the Amount of such Share Jljall not le known by

8 4 the

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 72.

5<>7

tjje Perf on making the Order, then in lieu of the Words u the Sum of [in Writing] being the Amount of

4 my Share of, " insert " my Share or Proportion of, "]

4 To C.D. Agent for the said Capture, or, the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, London.

These are to certify. That we have exannimed the said C.D. who signed the above Order in our Presence,

and from the Documents [to be fated'] which he has shewn us, and his Answers to our Questions, we

have reason to believe he was serving on board the said Ship at the Time of making the Capture above

1 specified; he fays he was born at in the County of and that

4 he is Years of Age; he is of a f fair, brown, or fallow] Complexion, with

4 [darky or, light] Eyes; has [blacky brown, light, red\ or grey] Hair, [dejc riling any other Particularity of his Perf onj. Given under our Hands,

1 G. HCaptain 1 of His Majesty's

E. F. hgning Officer j Ship

But if the Party should not at the Time of making the Order belong to any of His Majesty's Ships, then. shall be added under the said Description:

The said C.D. fays, he was discharged from His Majesty's Ship or Vessel the by

reason of his being invalided, [or, as the Case may be]

4 L. M. Minider 1

N. 0. f Churchwardens > of the Parish where the said C.D. resides.'

P. £) \ or Elders )

Provided always, That, from and after the Expiration of Three Years next after any Prize or Bounty Money shall be paid to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, all such Shares of the said Prize and Bounty Monies as shall then remain unclaimed in the Hands of the said Treasurer or the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, shall be paid and refunded to the Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers, claiming and making Title to the fame, and their legal Attornies and llepresentatives, in such and the same Manner as has been heretofore adopted by the Directors of the said Royal Hospital, or in such other Manner as the said Directors may at any Time hereafter judge more convenient and proper.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Stamp Duty on such Instrument or special Power of Attorney not more than the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid for each Person subscribing the same.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think fit to be his Deputy or Deputies, for receiving Applications and Claims for Prize and Bounty Monies at such Ports or Places within the United Kingdom, as he shall from Time to Time think necessary, whose Duty it shall be to prepare such Petitions and Applications, and transmit the fame, together with the Certificates, to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital in Manner herein after mentioned.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons claiming any Share or Shares, or Balance or Balances of any Prize or Bounty Monies paid into Greenwich Hospital, to apply to any such Person so to be appointed by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital as aforesaid, ana upon producing to him such Certificates of Service in His Majesty's Navy as such Claimant or Claimants may have in his, her, or their Possession, to sign a Petition or Petitions, Application or Applications, to th^ Directors of the said Hospital, to be prepared by such Person or Persons in Manner aforesaid, praying that such Share or Shares, Balance ox* Balances may be paid or refunded to such Claimant or Claimants, which. Petition or Petitions, Application or Applications, together with the said Certificates, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, who shall report thereon the Sum or Sums due to the Claimant or Claimants, with the Circumstances under which the same was or were paid into the Hospital, and refer the said Petition or Application, Petitions or Applications to the Navy Office, that the Service of the Claimant or Claimants maybe ascertained, and returned to the said Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or his chief Clerk, who, if such Service shall be found to correspond with the Certificates produced and transmitted, or Statement made by the Person or Persons claiming such Prize or Bounty Monies, shall certify the same to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, who shall thereupon, with the Approbation of One or more of the Directors of the said Hospital, fend a Remittance Bill or Remittance Bills for the Amount, in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned, or shall pay or remit the same in such other Manner as the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time judge more expedient.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Person claiming any Share or Balance of Prize or Bounty Money paid into Greenwich Hospital under the Authority of this Act, and residing and being in any Port or Place of the United Kingdom at which there shall he no such Deputy to the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the Purposes last aforesaid, to apply for such Share or Balance, by Detter or otherwise, to the Treasurer, Secretary, or Clerk of the Cheque at the said Royal Hospital, and such Claimant or Claimants shall thereupon, if necessary, be furnished by such Treasurer, Clerk of the Cheque, or Secretary, with blank Petitions and Forms to be filled up and attested by the Minister, Churchwardens, or Elders of the Parish in which such Claimant or Claimants shall reside, which Petitions, when filled up, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, together with any Certificates of the Service of such Claimaut or Claimants, in the Navy, which such Claimant or Claimants may have in Iris or their Possession, and when the same shall have been returned from the Navy Office upon such Atteflation and Certificates, and a Certificate shall have been obtained from the Navy Office of the Service of such Claimant or Claimants, corresponding with the Certificates which shall have been produced by him or them as aforesaid, such Share or Balance, Share or Balances, shall be forthwith paid to such Claimant or Claimants, on Application at the

Prixe Money unclaimed fui Three Year*.

Stamp Duty on such Instrument, it.

Hospital may appoint Deputies for receiving Claims at Out-Ports.

Mode of refunding Shares of Prixe Money paid into Gieenwich Hospital, on Application to such Deputies, [See/ 94. and also f. 80.

Mode of refunding Shares to Persons resident in Pairs where there is no such Deputy.

508 C. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

l S'*f 97-1

Tor facilitating the Payment of Prize and Bounty Money, t»y (be Hospiutl to Sailors, See. in Service or in distant Part* of she Kingdom, by Bills on Receivers of the X^and Tax or C»llcdors of Outturns or Excise.

Form of such Bills.

I. Mine, if in Ireland;

Sm J*/?.]

proper Office at Greenwich Hospital; or if from Distance of Residence, or any other Causey such Claimant or Claimants shall not be able conveniently to attend at the said Royal Hospital to demand the fame, a Remittance Bill with such Approbation as aforesaid, in Manner and Form herein after mentioned, shall be forwarded and sent for the Amount of such Share or Balance, Shares or Balances, or the same shall be remitted to or for the Use of such Claimant, in such other Manner as the said Treasurer or his Deputy, with such Approbation as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time judg*£ more expedient.

ACVII. And, in order to facilitate the Payment of Prize and Bounty Monies by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital to Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers entitled thereto, who may be serving in His M^efty's Navy, or who may be resident in any Part of the United Kingdom distant from the said Royal Hospital, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the fame, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, and they are hereby respectively authorized and reauired, as often as there shall be Occasion, to make out or cause to be made out Two Bill* for every Sum of Money which they shall have occasion to pay to any Person of the Description last herein-before mentioned, which Bills shall be Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall think proper, and shall be payable to such Person by the Receiver General of the Land Tax for any County, Riding, or City within the United Kingdom, Collector of the Customs for any Port, or Collector of Excise for any Collection in the United Kingdom respectively, near which such Person shall happen to reside, according to the Appointment of such Bills; and the said Bills, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Treasurer or his Deputy, and attested by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, or his Chief Clerk, and be written or printed according to the following Form, or fuc h other Form as the said Treasurer of the said Hospital (halt from Time to Time deem more convenient andproper 2

Sir, 44 Royal Hospital, Greenwich.

Pay to of in the County of

" upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together with a Certificate under the Hands of the Captain and One other signing Officer of the Ship to which such belongs, (in case he is in His Majesty's Naval Service) or of the Minister and Churchwardens for, in that Part of the United Kingdom M of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, under the Hands of the Minister and Two Elders] of the Parish where he resides, fin case he is not in such Naval Service) That to the bed of their Knowledge and Belief, he is the Person named in such Bill, the Sum of Sterling, being on Account of Monies due to the said

u for Captures made by His Majesty's Ship; if the same shall be demanded within

Six Calendar Months* from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of u the said Royal Hospital.

Treasurer, or his Deputy.

H .Attested 1 Cerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital or his Chief Clerk."

1

f*Sft.

Bills fiiatl he

produced for Payment in Great Britain within 6 Monihi (or in Ireland within n MomhfcS or be returned and cancelled.

Tod* Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County of 4t To the Cnlle&or of the Customs of the Port of To the Collector of Excise at

44 N.B. The personating or faHely a (Taming the Name and Character of any Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to Prize Money, for Services performed in His Majesty's Navy, in order to receive the same,

44 is Felony without Benefit of Clergy."

And as soon as the said Bills shall be so made out and signed, the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, shall cause them to be cut asunder indentwise, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices aforesaid, and shall cause One of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and appointed as the Payer* in 4uch Bills, and the other of the said Bills shall be transmitted forthwith to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, or Collector of the Excise on whom such Bills shall be so drawn as aforesaid? and the Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, or Collector of Excise, if the said Bills shall be produced and delivered to either of them respectively within Six Months, if in Great Britain, and if in Ireland then within Nine Months flbm the Date thereof, -zrc hereby required and enjoined to examine such Duplicate, together with the Certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and to enquire into the Truth thereof by the ^Oath of the Person producing the fame, or such Person being a Quaker, by the solemn Affirmation of such Person (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized and required to admin ifter), and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and immediately to pay to such Person, without Fee or Reward, on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum directed to be paid by lueh Bin, taking his Receipt for the same on the Back thereof; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded within Six or Nine Calendar Months from the Date, as the Case may be as aforesaid, or if a proper Certificate of the Person claiming such Prize or Bounty Money be not like wife produced, then the said Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, or Collect or of the Excise, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, who shall cause such Bill to be cancelled, and from and after the cancelling of the same such Prige and Bounty Money (halT remain payable in like Manner as if the said Bill had not been made out; all which said Bills and Receipts to be so made amd given as aforesaid, and also all other Receipts for Prize and Bounty 3 Money,

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 72. 509

Money, which shall he at any Time paid and refunded by the said Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital or hSi Deputy, to any Person or Persons whorasoever, shall be free and exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstaadirig.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Remittance Bills which (halTbedrawn upon and paid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax for any County, Riding, or City, Collector of the Customs for any Port or Collector of Excise for any Collection in the United Kingdom, upon being produced and delivered at the Office of the Treasurer of the said jlloyal Hospital, shall be immediately repaid Dy such Treasurer or his Deputy to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, or Collector of Excise, or to their respective Orders.

XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, or Collector of the Excise, to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills herein-before directed to be made out, shall be tendered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands publick Money sufficient to answer the fame, and shall therefore refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, or Collector of the £xcifc, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon for the Payment of such Bill some future Day, within the Space of Two Months at the farthest from the Day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid, which Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereonr shall be immediately delivered back to the Person presenting the fame: and if upon Complaint made to the respective Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs, or Excise, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Collector of Customs, or Collector of Excise, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender, under their respective Direction, in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature or Degree of the Offence, which Conviction shall be made by the said respective Commissioners; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made, and any Penalty may be levied or recovered for apy Offence against any Law by which any Customs or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when levied, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender.

C* And be it further enacted, That no Person paying any Share or Balance of Prize Money remitted from Greenwich Hospital, shall receive any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, from or on Account of any Payment thereof, or of any Act, Matter, or Thing done, relating to the procuring or paying the same to any Claimant, or any Person on his Behalf, under any Pretence whatever, on pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, One hundred Pounds.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That all Letters or Packets addressed to the (kid Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being, upon any Business or Affairs relative to such Prize Matters, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be free from the Duty of Postage, and also that all Letters or Packets sent by the said Treasurer, or by the Secretary of the said Royal Hospital for the Time being, or by the Officer for Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office, upon any Business relating to such Prize Matters in Manner and Form herein after directed, shall be lent free from the said Duty of Postage; and all Letters and Packets relating to Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office that shall be forwarded by the said Treasurer or Secretary, or by such Officer for Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office as aforesaid, shall be under Cover, with the Words u Pursuant to Act of Parliament, Forty.fitth George the Third, " printed upon the fame; and the said Treasurer or Secretary of the said Royal Hospital or Officer for Prize Matters in the Navy Pay Office, as the Case may be, shall write his Name under the lame 5 and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from inclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, or to such Prize Matters respectively.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Treasurer or Secretary, or Officer for Prize Matters as aforesaid, shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than those relating to the Business or Affairs of the said Royal Hospital, or such Prize Matters as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay I. c Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all Captains and Commanders of His Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, or hired armed Ships, shall, from Time to Time, a6 soon as the same can be done, transmit to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, Accounts in Writing of all Prizes taken, with the Name of the Port to which the Capture was sent, with the Name and Place of Abode of the Agent or Agents, whether it is a single or joint Capture, and if joint, the Names of the several Ships alledged to be aiding in such Capture* with the Date of the Capture, and the Place where the same was made.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the Prize Money to the Representatives of Petty Officers, Seamen* and Marines deceased, shall be paid only to their Representatives, or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, upon Production of the Checque to be granted by the Inspectors of Seamens Wills.

CV. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred in executing this Act, and the Sums paid in remunerating the Officers of the Navy Office, Navy Pay Office, or of Greenwich Hospital for their Care, Pains, and Trouble in executing the Regulations thereof, shall be subject to the Discretion of the Commissioners of the Navy, as far as the same relate to Officers of or Persons employed in the Navy Office, or otherwise under the Orders of such Commissioners, to the Treasurer of the Navy, as far as the same relate to Officers of or Persons employed in the Navy Pay Office, and of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, as to all Officers and Persons employed or belonging to Greenwich Hospital, and shall be paid by them out of the Interest of unclaimed Shares, and Shares of Run Men, invested in Government Securities, or if necessary, out of the principal Sums in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Hospital, on Account of such Shares of

Run

Ko Stamps on such Bills.

HospiraK shall repiy to Receiver General, ice. such Bills paid by biftu'

In case Receiver Gcnoal, lee. have not Money in hand f0 answer such Bills, he shall indorse the Day of Tender, and appoint a Day of Payment within Two Months, See.

Penalty on Receiver, See. unduly refuting to pay, 50l.

Penalty on receiving Fee for remitting or p*«ying any such Mjney, tool.

Official Letters relating to Prises shall be fret of

Postage.

Penalty on fending Papes* net official under free Covert, tool.

Officers shall feud Accounts of Captutes to Grenwich Hospital.

Payment to Representatives of Seamen.

Expences of executing AA and remunerating Officer?

(halt be paid by Direction of Greenwich Hospital out of intcieft>r Principal of ttnclaim?d Shares.

5*0 G. 72.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

No Feet for (facing Services uf Person* chiming Prize Money.

No Pc son employed by Greenwich .Hofr ital shall be Agent for Pi ites. Court of Admiralty may xompel Production of Book*, or.bringing in Proceed 1 by Agents, &c.

Persons retaining Proceeds of Prizes fli.ill pay Inteicft, at the Rate of One per Cent, per Mot th. Penalty on false Oaths, &c. as for Perjury: counterfeiting Letters of Marque, & c. 500l.

ry for not (ring Ac-s, tool.

Penalty for Frauds in hating Accounts, 500l.

Unclaimed Shares of Soldiers shall be paidtotbe, Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, &c.

Sessions shall be

held for the Trial of Offences committed on Ihe H gh Seas Twic.* a Year.

Run Men, the Accounts of such Remunerations and Expenditures being annually returned to Parliament; and the Treasurer of the Navy shall quarterly cause an Account to be Cent of the Amount of such Expence to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, who shall immediately cause the fa ne to be paid to the Order of the Treasurer of the Navy.

CVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enadle^, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Fees heretofore paid by the said Royal Hospital at the Navy Ofhce, for tracing the Services of Persons claiming Shares of Prize or Bounty Money, shall cease, and be 110 longer due or payable.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person employed by Greenwich Hospital, in executing the 'Regulations of this Act, shall act as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or indirectly in the Business thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Application of any Party interested in the Proceeds of any Prize, or of any Person on Behalf of the Treasurer of the Navy or Greenwich Hospital, and an Affidavit of any such Party, or any other Person, of his or her Belief that there are Proceeds of any Prize, or Papers or Books relating thereto, in the Possession of any Agent or Person or Persons, whether the said Prize or Prizes shall have been taken in the present or in any preceding War, it shall be lawful for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, to compel the Produdiion of the fame, and the bringing in of such Proceeds, and the answering to such Interrogatories touching the fame, as the Court shall approve; and if it shall appear that the Party hath been cited without sufficient Cause, he shall be allowed his Costs against the Party making such Affidavit, or at whose Instance he hath been unduly summoned.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That any Captor, Agent, or other Person, who shall acquire or retain the Proceeds of any Prize contrary to the Provisions of this Act, except for reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Court in which such Prize shall be adjudged, or by the High Court of Admiralty, shall pay Interest thereon at the Rate of One Pound per Centum per Month, for such Time as the same shall so be in their Custody or Possession, besides all other Penalties imposed by this Act.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein-before required to be verified on Oath, or suborn any other Person so to do, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any Commission for War or Letter of Marque, or any Warrant for making out the fame, or any Certificate required or directed by this Act to be given for obtaining the fame, or shall publish or make use of any such Commission for War, or Warrant for making out the fame, or any Certificate as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any of the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to transmit or deliver all or any such Account or Accounts to the Treasurer of the said Hospital? or his said Deputy or Agent, within the Time before limited and appointed, in Manner and Form as herein-before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall pay the Expence of any Application to any Court to compel the Production and Delivery of the same.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion, or Deceit shall be wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, permitted, or done or suffered in making, dating, or balancing such Accounts, then every Person or Persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. 1

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That all unclaimed Shares of Soldiers serving in anyconjundl Expedition with His Majesty's Naval Forces, as described in this Act, shall be paid to the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, for the Use of the said Hospital, within Six Months after Distribution commenced; subject nevertheless to be refunded to any Individual entitled to the fame, and cdablifiiing his Claim thereto, within Six Years from such Payment to the said Treasurer { and that it shall be lawful for the said Treasurer to compel the Agents for the Army, to exhibit and verify their Accounts, and pay over such Balances, in like Manner as the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital is herein empowered to compel the producing and verifying of Accounts and Payment of unclaimed Shares from the Naval Prize Agents; and the High Court of Admiralty shall exercise the same Powers and Authorities for discovering and compelling the Payment of all Shares of Soldiers so remaining unpaid, in this or any former War, in like Manner as the said Court is enabled to do by this or any other Act, respecting the unclaimed Shares of Mariners serving in His Majesty's Ships of War.

CXIV. And, for the more speedy bringing of Offenders to Justice, and to prevent the Inconveniences occasioned by the Want of frequently holding a Sertion of Admiralty for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas; be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, a Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, for the Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, shall he held Twice at the least in every Year at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey, London, (except at such Times as the Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the City of London and County of Middlesex shall be appointed to be there held), or in such other Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and at such Times in each Year, as the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall by any Letter or Order in Writing under their Hand: ', directed to the Judge of Uic High Court of Admiralty of England, for the Time being, appoint!

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. III. C. 72.

CXV. And be it further erra&ed. That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful, not only to : nd for any One or more of the said Commissioners, for the Time being, named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer for trying of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, but also to and for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace, for the Time being, of any County, Riding, Division, or Place within that Part of Great Britain called England, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, fro n Time to Time, to take any Information or Informations of any Witness or Witi£eftes in Writing, upon Oatir, touching any Murder, Piracy, Felony, or Robbery done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place where the Admiral or Admirals hath or have Powet, Authority, or Jurisdiction; and thereupon (if such Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, shall fee Cause), by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Person or Persons accused in such Information or Informations to be apprehended and committed to the Gaol of the County or Place wherein the same Information or Informations shall be taken, there to remain until discharged by due Course of Law.

CXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That such of the Commissioners or Justices of the Peace, who shall cause any such Person or Persons to be committed as is last meationed, shall, and he or they is or are hereby respectively required, at the same Time to oblige all and every such other Person or Persons to whom such Commissioner or Commissioners, or a Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall judge necessary, to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be so committed as aforesaid, to enter into One or more Recognizance or Recognizances to His Majesty in a sufficient Penalty for his, her, or their appearing at the then next Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery to be held for the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of Englcndy there to prosecute and give Evidence against the Person or Persons who shall be committed as aforesaid; and if any Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute or give Evidence as shall be required, he, she, or they so refuting, shall be committed by any such Commissioner or Commissioners, Justice or Justices, to the Gaol of the County or Place in which the Person so refusing shall be, until the next Sessions of Admiralty shall be held, or such Persons shall enter into such Recognizance as shall be required as aforesaid; which Recognizance or Recognizances, together with the Information or Informations taken touching the Offence or Offences wherewith the Person or Persons to be committed as aforesaid shall be charged, the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the same shall be taken, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to transmit, with all convenient Speed, to the Regiller, for the Time being, of the High Court of Admiralty of England, sto be by him forthwith laid before the Judge, for the Time being, of the same Court, and afterwards to be kept among the Records of that Court.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Marshal of the Admiralty for the Time being, and his Deputy or Deputies, and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Stewards, Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, Keepers of Gaols and Prisons, and all other Officers whatsoever for keeping of the Peace, (as well within Liberties as without), shall, and they and every of them are hereby respectively authorized and required, from Time to Time, ciligently to execute, perform, and obey all such Precept and Precepts, Warrant and Warrants, and other Order and Orders, as shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made, directed, issued, or given to them or any of them respectively, by One or more of the said Commissioners named in the Commission of Oyer and Terminer, or Justices of the Peace, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, touching any of the Mattel's or Things herein contained.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Offence of taking a false Oath, or suborning any Person so to do, any of the Offences by this Act made cognizable in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain shall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alledged to be committed, and may be laid, enquired of, tried, and determined in any County in England, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been actually done or committed within the Body of such County.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, wheresoever the Came shall arise or become forfeited, may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, or Monition and Attachment thereon, in His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, unless in Cases where any other Mode is by this Act particularly directed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, which shall arise or become forfeited in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions abroad, may be recovered in any Court of Record of His Majesty in the Colony, Territory, or Place where the same shall arise or have become forfeited, or in any of His Majesty's Vice-Admiralty Courts having Jurisdiction there.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Agent or Person is by this Act made subject to the Forfeiture of any Sum of Money equal to any Money remaining in his Hands, or to the Amount of any Balances or Shares, such Sum or Sums of Money shall, on Recovery thereof, go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall have been aggrieved by the Misconduct of such Agent or Person and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, other than as aforesaid, other than such as are by this Act directed to be otherwise applied and disposed of, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and shall be sued for in the Name of the Commissioners and Governors thereof.

CXXI. " Recital of 31 G. 2. c. 10. §24. and also9G. 3. c. 30. §6. making the perfomting Seamen, iffc. or " forging a Letter of Attorney, or Uttering the fame, to obtain Wages or Prize Money, Felony without Clergy*" 1 And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Punishment ififlidled by the thid Two last recited Acts of Parliament, on Persons guilty of the several Offences therein mentioned, extends to such Offences when committed with an Intention to defraud any Corporation be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall perforate or falsely aflame the Name or Choradler of, or procure any other to perforate or falsely to assumc the Name or Character of any Officer, x Seaman,

Justices, a* well as Comroifljon-ers of Oyer at.d Terminer, may take Information of Oflences at Sea.and commit Offender* for Trial.

Such Justices, &c. may require Recognisances for Witiielfcs to appear at ensuing Admiralty Sessions; or cn refusal commit them; and shall transmit Information, &c. to Register of Admiralty.

Marshal of the Admiralty, <8cc. shall execute Warrautj*

O Ifencet eom*

mitted out of the Realm may be tried in ai.y Englirti County.

Recovery of Penalties.

Application of Penaliles and Forft ifures; by Agents, so Party gricVed J by other*, to Greenwich Hospital.

Offerees of ptrfunfttrng Seamen, &c. or fotging any Letter of Attorney, or taking a false Oaih to

t2 C. 72 — 73.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

obtain Probate, ice. or uttering any forged L< tier of Attormy, Will, See. to recive any Wage* or Prize Money with Intent to defraud any Corporation shall be Felony without Clergy.

Limitation of A&iont Three Yearn

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Continuance of Ail during the War, c*cept as to Matters in Judgcmcut, See,

Annuities to Judges.

S«f. 33, 34135-

Letters of Attorney,

{- 90 93. 97-

Perfofiating Seamen, Sec. f. 121.

Ti casu-er of Navy, Sic. Greenwich Hospital. See f. 5S, 81, See. 94, See. loijScc

Seaman, or other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, pr Prize Money, for Service done on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or the Executor or Administrator, Wife, Relation, or Creditor, of any such Officer or Seaman or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due or payable for or on account of the Services of any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket^ Certificate, Assignment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any fuqh Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, which shall be due or be supposed to be due to any such Officer or Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath, or procure any other Person to take a false Oath to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administ ration, in order to receive the Payment of any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, which shall be due, or be supposed to be due to any such Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall have really served, or shall be supposed to have served on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; or if any Person shall, from and after the passing of this Act, utter or publish as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Letter of Attorney, Bill, Ticket, Certificate, or Afligr.ment, last Will, or any other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, or other Allowances of Money, or Prize Money, due or supposed to be due to any Officer or Seaman, or other Person, who shall have really served or shall be supposed to have served# or shall hereafter serve or be supposed to have served on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with Intent to defraud any Corporation whatsoever, knowing the same to be False, forged, or counterfeited, every such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Three Years next after doing or committing of such Matter or Thing, save as to Matters or Things arising out of Captures in any former War: Provided also, that if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done under, by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgement shall be give* for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force during the present War, and no longer; save and except as to all such Matters and Things as shall be depending in Judgement in the High Court of Admiralty, or other Courts of Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, at the Time when the present War shall cease; and also lave and except as to all such other Matters and Things which shall be brought into Judgement before the said High Court of Admiralty, pr other Courts of Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions abroad, or Court of Appeal, or in any Court of Record in Great Britain, in consequence of any Capture or Captures made during the present or any former War, or of any Offence or Offences committed contrary to this Act; and also save and except as to the Power by this Act given to His Majesty, to grant to any Judge of any Court of Vice-Admiralty any such Annuity as aforesaid, and in such Cases, and on such Conditions as aforesaid, in respect whereof this Act shall continue in full force until such Matters, and every Thing dependant thereupon, shall be finally adjudged and determined; and also save and except the Regulations contained in this Act regarding Letters of Attorney and Orders of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines; and also save and except as to the Clauset and Provisiona herein contained, by which the Punishment attached to the Crimes of perforating Seamen, and of Forgery when committed with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, is extended and made applicable to such Offences when committed with Intent to defraud any Corporation or Corporations; and also save and except all Regulations regarding all Powers and Interests given to the Xreasurer °* the Navy, and the Commissioners and Governors and other Officers of Greenwich Hospital, all which shall continue in force until repealed by any subsequent Act of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to enable the Coir*missioners of the Treasury to con»ra£l with rertain Proprietors of Siock

created by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-seven h and Forty-second Years of His present Majesty,

fur granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the Period herein mentioned.

[47 th June 1805.]

't* [&T45 G. 3. r. 8. — The Period for Parties signifying their desire to take Annuities in $ perCent. Confots 49 and ^jpee Cent Reduced, (in lieu of 5 per Cent. Annuities under 37 G. .3. c. 10., &c.) extended to 16 Sept. : 8oi j in which case Parties shall be entitled to said 5 per Cent. Consols, 8tc. from 10 October 1805, $ i« — 44 Or, on failure, TYcafliry may raise Money to pay off Annuities on. said xo Oftobey."]

45° GEORGII IIf,

C. 74 — 76.

5*3

A.D. 1805.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[27th June 1805.]

tl Number of Tickets 90, 000, in Three Lotteries §1. 2. — Treasury may retain Money necessary for Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, and One-third of the Surplus shall be applied to the Services of Ireland, §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds, in case the Number of 9 ol* ([or t Tickets shall amount to Ninety thousand, shall be distributed and divided into Prizes to be drawn in the said at the Rate Lotteries in such Manner as shall be appointed and directed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, which said Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds shall be payable out of all or any divided int> of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain and Ireland; provided always, Prize* a* ib« that if the whole Number of Tickets which shall be (lipulated to be drawn in such Three Lotteries shall not Treasury Owl! amount unto Ninety thousand, then such Sum only as the Sum of Ten Pounds, for each and every Ticket*

so stipulated to be drawn, would in the Aggregate amouat unto, shall be distributed and divided into Prizes, Supplies granted and be payable as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of thi* Sd&om. them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, is or are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands, to cause the Sum so to be distributed and divided into Prizes to be ifftied and paid out of the said Aids or Supplies to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the respective Proprietors of the several Fortunate Tickets within Two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of each of the said Lotteries, or as soon as Certifccates can be made out for the Sums due in respect of the same.

[/n other respects this Ati isJimilar to 44 G. 3. c. 93. See that Ad and the References there.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to remove Doubts touching Appointments to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery made during the Vacancy of the Office of Register and Keeper of the Register and Registers in that Court.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove all Doubts touching the Validity of any such Appointments a«

are herein after mentioned; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Appointments and Nominations which, Appwn m-mj, from Time to Time, during any Vacancy of the Office of Register and Keeper of the Register and Registers ^furins the

in the Court of Chancery of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great offioTo/ Regi/-Britain, shall be made by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of , iar> &c. by the such Part of the United Kingdom, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners respectively, of any Person or Persons to be a Sub-Register or Sub- &c- of perf"* Registers, Deputy Register or Deputy Registers, or Filer or Keeper of the Reports, and Certificates and - bL^ul>' &c Books of Entries of Orders and Decrees, or to be an entering Clerk or entering Clerks for entering Orders bevalidf* made in the said Court, or to hold any Office or Offices, Place or Places, the Nomination or Appointment to which might have been made by the Person or Persons holding the aforesaid Office of Register and Keeper of the Register and Registers in case such Office had not been vacant, shall be and be deemed and taken to be Appointments and Nominations, valid and effectual in the Law, of all and every such Person and Pe.fons to such Office and Offices, Place and Places respectively, to which he or they respectively shall be so no.ninated and appointed.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the Support fcf the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment under certain Provisions and Regulations. [ad July 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's rift Civil LHt Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, A <3, 33 G. 3.

and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Eftallishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations, the High c. 34.

Treasurer, Vice Treasurer or Vice Treasurers of Ireland, or such Person or Persons as should be authorized

thereto, were empowered to pay any Sum of Money to the Principal Secretary, to the Lord Lieutenant, or

other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for Secret Service, in detesting, preventing, or defeating treason*

able t>r other dangerous Conspiracies against the State; and it was by the said recited Act enacted, that it should be sufficient to acquit and discharge such Secretary, to make Oath in Manner as in the said Act

directed: And whereas in Consequence of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland the said Chief Secretary is frequently absent from Ireland upon urgent, and necessary Business, and the said recited Provision*

4 of the said Act have on account thereqf been found inconvenient, and certain Sums of Money may have been, or may be issued and paid for such Secret Service, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, to the Under Secretary for Civil Affairs in the Office of the said Chief Secretary; and it is expedient that the Payment, issuing, and Application of such Sums should be confirmed and regulated by Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with 45 Geo. III. 3 U the

5*+ C. 76, 77,

4j* GEORGGII IIJ.

At.D., 1805.

Iiifh Treasury

M.iy pay Money f r StCict Scr-vice to 1 he Undrr Secretary for Civil Aii'uirs.

Oath to be taken byeduch Under Secretary.

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may

be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, to pay any Sum of Money to the Under Secretary for Civil Affairs for the Time being, iti the Office of the said Chief Secretary, for Secret Service, in detesting, preventing, or defeating treasonable or other dangerous Conspiracies against the State, in any Place in Ireland; and that it shall be sufficient to acquit and discharge any such Under Secretary, to whom any such Money may have heretofore been or shall, hereafter be paid and issued, for such Under Secretary to make Oath before One of the Barous of the Exchequer in Ireland, in the Form following r

c r A.B. do swear, that the Money paid to me for Secret Service* for the Purposes of detesting, preventing,

*or defeating treasonable or other dangerous Conspiracies against the State, has been bona fide applied to*

' such Purposes and no other, and that the Application of such Money has been approved by the Lord

} 1 Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland' So help' me GOD/

And that the Payment, IfTuing, and Application of all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which may have heretofore been, or shall hereafter be paid and issued to the said Chief Secretary, or to such Under Secretary* and of the Application of which, Oath shall be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Thing in the said recited Act* or any other Act or Acts in force in IsplaoJ* Ao the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one Act. [ad July 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Art

*»V Ail for consolidating the Provssions of the several Alls faffed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tan $ into one' A3; ana fotr making further Provisionr for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts M r-efpcBing the Rights of Persons claiming ta vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire, and other Members, to serve

- '* " have been redeemed

more effectual with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Ricumbenr for by the Authority of the same, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tythes, or other rheTitnc^iing Profits, of any Living* shall have been, or shall be redeemed or purchased by the Patron or Patrons, or any AflLnmciu of*" former Incumbent thereof, or by any other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent for the the Ld Tax Time being of such Living, to treat and agree for the Purchase of an Afligrvment of such Land Tax, for the ledeemed by the Benefit of such Living: And (for the Purpose of raising Money to purchase such Assignment from such Pitron or former Patron or Patrons, or former-incumbent, or other Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors*, nctim ent or Administrators, or Assigns, ) to carry into Execution all and every, or any of the Powers which by the said recited Act are given in order to raise Money by Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions, and Regulations, in all Respects as such Incumbent for the Time being might have carried into Execution, the lame Powers for the Purpose of redeeming such Land Tax, in the first Instance, and the Land Tax so assigned shall forthwith become merged and extinguished for the Benefit of such Living: Provided always, that the Monies to arise from any such Sale* Mortgage, or Grant, shall not be paid into the Bank of England, or "CC<* h°rRC k3, <1 to* Conera^ or Collector, but the fame, or so much thereof as shall be requisite, shall, under the

blit*shall bepaid any Two of the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, for the Purposes of the said recited:

Assignor. Act, under the Great Seal, be paid to the Person or Persons assigning such Land Tax, whose Receipt or Receipts, in pursuance of such Order, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees; and the Remainder of such Monies, in case any such shall be, after Payment of the Costs and Expences which shall have been incurred on account of such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant and Assignment, and have been allowed by the said Commissioners, shall, in pursuance of the like Order, be paid into the Bank of England* or to the Receiver General or Collector, as the Case may require, and be applied in like Manner as in the said recited Act is directed in the Case of Monies arising from Sales, Mortgages, or Grants, made for the Purpose

Affigfiments not of purchasing Alignments of Land Tax, under the said Act Provided also, that no such Alignment of — lc 10 tara^ Land Tax, or any such Deed of Sale* Mortgage, or Grant, in pursuance of this Act shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Dividends shall be issued at the Bank of England to any Bodies Politick or Chnporate or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for ^charitable or other publick Purposes, in by Corporations, respect of any Bank Annuities, which shall have been purchased with any Monies which have arisen, oi4 (balk jtc, wrefptft°f arile, .fcom the Safe, Mortgage, or Grant of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchase'cTwith* M°nPng to any such Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charjtablf or^ Money arising other publick Purposes, for the Redemption of Land Tax* unless and until the Bodies Politick or Corporate from Sale of or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, applying for foch/dividends, Fremitts, far shall have obtained and shall produce to the Cashier of the Bank of England, a Certificate, under Hands of Redemption^of any Two Of t]ie faH Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, under the Great Seal; certifying that it hath appeared to them, by the Production of the Contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax, or by the

Affidavit

the Benefit of such Living.

[5»*'$sG. 3. €. I id. /. 91.]

Money arising by fvch Sale,

Duty.

Dividends shall not be received

GEORGII III.

C-'77>.7*'- 5*5

Affidavit of the Agent, or fotne other Person acting in Behalf of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Com- on Certificate panies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, that they hare redeemed, or are of sPcciai

proceeding, or intend bona Jidey and with reasonable Diligence, to redeem the Land Tax changed on their Commissioners.

Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or so much and such Part of the said Land Tax, ms it had been proposed to redeem by the Monies arising from the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant, which by the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, had been authorized to be made for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act, the Clerks to the Commissioners of

Land Tax, acting in and for the several Hundreds, Wards, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Division9 in EnglandLand Tax shall and the Clerks to the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities, or Burghs, in tra-ifmiuoCora-S cot land, shall, and they are hereby required, in all Cases where no Alteration shall have been made in thd tniOioners under Assessment of Land Tax for the preceding Year, within Six Days after the Appeal against any such Assess-Cmificate^hu ment shall have been determined, in case any Appeal shall be made, or in case no Appeal shall be made again It nt) Ah r tbnhaV such Assessment, then within Six Days after the Expiration of the Time fixed for hearing Appeals, to transmit been made in to the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, by His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, to mdt in the Exe- f*e Assessment'cution of the said recited Act, for the County, Stewartry, Riding, or Place, a Certificate, signed by any of Land Ta* Two or more of the said Commissioners of Land Tax, or Supply, that no Alteration hath been made in thd Yof Commis* Assessment of Land Tax of the preceding Year; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners acting id -floors (ban , <* the Execution of the said recited Acts, at any Time after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, and contract vrithany before the Receipt of such Certificate as aforesaid, or before the Receipt of the Copy of any altered Affef£ lon for ment of Land Tax, by the said recited Act required to be transmitted to the said Commissioners, to contract R demotion of

- ^rj__r n _r, ..j, Land Tax, till

by or on the Behalf of the Bodies or Persons so applying to redeem such Land Tax $ and in case the said Clerk if aircre*) be to the Commissioners of Land Tax, or Supply, mall refuse or neglect to transmit such Certificate within thd q

Period aforesaid, lie shall, for every such Rciufal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered \\t. f i 3.] in like Manner as any Penalty may by the said recited Act be recovered. euaitv on c e k« so» 50l.

IV. And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the Enrolment and RcgHlry of Deeds, which have Time given for*f not been duly enrolled or registered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, and of the several Inrolment of*4 other Acts passed relating to the Redemption of Land Tax; be it therefore further enacted, That all Deeds Deeds, required by the said recited Act, or any other Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, to be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although the lame shall not have been or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respectively, provided the same shall have been enrolled or registered. before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or registered within Six Calendar Months after ftie passing thereof.

CAP. LXXVIIf.

An Act to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing Foity-thousand Pounds to Messieurs Boydy t., -, Benfield, and Company, in One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, out of Monies issued fur Naval Services.

[2d July 1805.]

WHEREAS the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds was, on or about the Ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, advanced by the Right Honourable Henry Lord Viscount Melville, then the Right Honourable Henry Dundis, Treasurer of the Navy, to certain Merchants in the City of London, then carrying on Trade under the Firm of Boyd, Benfield, and Company, out of Money which had been issued from the Exchequer, and placed at the Bank of England to the Credit of the Treasurer of the Navy, for Navy Services: And whereas the same was advanced on unqucftionable Securities,

4^ which have been regularly discharged, and the Whole of the said Sum of Money has been repaid and applied to Navy Services: And whereas the Right Honourable William Pitt, then First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury, and Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, did agree to the advancing of the said Sum of Money to Messieurs Boyd, Benjeld, and Company: And whereas the Measure of advancing Forty thousand Pounds to Messieurs Boydy - Benfield, and Company, was adopted for the Purpose of averting Consequences which might have proved highly injurious to the Financial and Commercial Interests of this Kingdom, and, although not conformable to Law, appeared at the Time to be called for by the peculiar Exigence of publick Affairs: And whereas it is therefore expedient that' all Persons concerned in advancing or adnfing,

4 or coqfenting to the advancing the said Sum of Money, or acting under any Direction relating thereto, Should ' be indemnified* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, _by and \vith_ the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Right Honourable Henry Lord Vjfcount Melvilley and the Right Lord Melville Honourable William Pitt, and all other Persons Concerned in advancing or advising, or consenting' to the and R Hon. advancing the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds^ or acting under any Directions relating thereto, shall be W. Pitt, 4c. and are hereby indemnified for and on Account of the fame, as hilly and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes ^nimfied for whatever, as if the same had been done in pursuance of any Act or Act of Parliament*fai^SmifoV*

-'... 4?, 000U

Rccinl of The*Advance of 40.0^0! to M* fi* s Bo\ d, Ben field, and Co. out of Money placed a 1 the Bank for'Navy Sc [vices*

S.U.*

CAP.

5*6

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

frith A-3*

G. 3. c. 68.

5Q G. 3. C. 65. 40 G. 3- c*9*

sppniiitinp Com-

itji'Tw»n«rn N»r mjJcing Cum-

pt.ifa'ion ta JuSVring 1. >yahit J.

Said Comn»if-; fttmrn Hi .ill give Notice of Time appointed Jor determining a!) outtianding Claim*, under mired A&i.

Claim* not determined before 1 ft Frh. 1806, shall be foretiofed.

After Feb. 1, 1806, Poweis of Commissioneri Dull ccafc.

C. 79, 80.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to-

enquire into the Losses of such of His Majesty's loyal Subjects as have suffered in their Property during the Ribellion in Ireland\ and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

[2d 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present

Majesty's Reign, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of His Majesty's

loyal Subjects as had been Sufferers in their Property during the Rebellion in Ireland: And whereas an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland> in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year, and also

for providing a Fund for rewarding Persons who had rendered Service by Discovery of Traitors: And whereas an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending and continuing the said Two lall recited Acts, and for authorizing the Payment of certain Sums to Persons who had suffered in their Persons, and to the Widows and Orphans of others who loll their Lives in the Rebellion, and to Persons who exerted themselves in discovering the said Rebellion, and were exposed to 1 Danger, or sustained Injury in consequence thereof: And whereas certain Claims made for Compensation under the said Acts, to the Number of about One hundred and forty, still remain undetermined by the / Commissioners appointed under the said Acts respectively, in consequence of the respective Claimants having neglected to come before the said Commissioners to prove the Truth of their respective Cases, although they have been repeatedly required so to do, as well by Advertisements in the publick Papers as by Notices distributed and polled in the usual Manner throughout Ireland: And whereas the Commissioners appointed under the said Acts, have no Power under the said Acts either to reieft any Claim which has been regularly lodged with them, merely on account of the subsequent Neglect of the Claimant in the Proof thereof, or to close or terminate their Commission while any Claim that has been duly lodged with them shall remain unheard or undetermined 5 by which Means a considerable Expence may be unnecessarily continued to the Publick be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners under the said recited Acts, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, immediately after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, by Advertisement to be Three Times published in Two of the DubTtn Newspapers, and also, if they think the same necessary, by Notices to be published and distributed in like Manner as Notices have by the said Commissioners heretofore been published and distributed, to fix and appoint a certain Period, to be mentioned in such Advertisements and Notices, such Period not being less than One Month from the Day of the Third Jnfertion of the said Advertisements, within which Period all Persons claiming any Benefit, Compensation, or Reward, under the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be required and allowed by the said Commissioners to come before the said Coir.missioners, and to prove their respective Claims; and that from and after the Expiration of the said Period, no'such Claim or Proof shall be admitted or received, but all Claims then pending and undetermined shall be barred and foreclosed for ever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Right or Rights, Claim or Claims whatsoever, of or for any Benefit, Compensation, or Reward, under the said Acts, or any of them, which shall not have been heard and finally determined by the said Commissioners before the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six, shall be and the same is and are hereby barred and foreclosed for ever; and that on the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners under the said recited Acts, or any Three of them, to reject all and every Claim and Claims not before

that Time heard and finally determined; and to declare that such Claims are barred and foredoied for ever, and to close and terminate their Commission accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six, all Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners under ana by virtue of the said recited Acts. or any of them, or under or by virtue of any Commission issued by Authority of the said recited Acts or any of them, and all Benefits and Advantages whatever to such Commissioners, shall cease and determine, and all such Commissions shall become absolutely void and of no Effect; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in any such Commission, to the contrary thereof m anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland and from Ireland to Great Britain and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty V Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, until the Twenty-mth Day of March Oqe thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the same Term, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for permittinglhe Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships. [ad 1805.]

44 42 G. 3. c. 35. for regulating Importation of Com between Great Britain and Ireland, as amended by 43 G. 3.

44 c. 14. and continued by 43 G. 3. c. 78. further continued till 25 March 1806. — $ 1. — 43 G. 3 c. 68. — f 39. as

44 to Duty on Oil or Blubber, (continued by 44 G. 3. c. 35. / 6.) further continued till March 2 K* i8o<>.- — $2.

44 — 44 G. 3. c. 29. permitting Importation ot Hides, continued till March 25, 1836. — $ 3."

9 IV. And

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 80 — S4. 517

IV. And be it further enacted, That it Sail and may be lawful for His Majesty by Order in Council, and His Majesty in in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland Counc*b by Order in Council, from Time to Time, to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand of*

eight hundred and six, any Goat Skins, dressed or undressed, to be imported in aay Foreign Ship or Vessel, Goar Skins in and to be admitted to Entry in any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, on Payment of such and the like Foreign VetfWi, Duties of Cuiloms and Excise, as are due and payable on Goat Skins when imported in any British or Irish tiil March 25, built Ship or Vessel, any Thing contained in any Ad to the contrary notwithstanding} and all such Goat ,°6'

Skins when so imported, shall be subject to all Rules, 'Regulations, and Conditions, and to all Penalties, and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in force at the Time of passing of this Act.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thiity-first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade.

[2: 1 July 1805.]

TpOR better enforcing the Provisions respecting the Agreements of Seamen or Mariners, made in an Act

X/ P«dfed in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation 31G. 3. c. 39.

9 and Government of Seamen employed in the Coajling Trade of this Kingdom be it enacted by the King's most lScef- 3*1 Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Seaman or Mariner, Punishment for after he shall have entered into any Agreement as mentioned in the said Act, shall neglect or refuse to prdceed Seamen refuting on the intended Voyage or Voyages for which he shall have entered, or upon which any Ship or Vessel, trading ^erccinent coastwise, as therein mentioned, shall be destined to proceed, it shall and may be lawful, upon Complaint made emc»ed into in thereof to any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, by the Master or pursuance of Commander, Owner or Owners, or any other Person having Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel to recited Act. which such Seaman or Mariner so belongs, for such Justice, ana he is hereby required to issue his Warrant to Impiifoaroent. apprehend such Seaman or Mariner; and in case such Seaman or Mariner shall not give sufficient Reason for such Refofal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, then to commit such Seaman or Mariner to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days nor left than Fourteen Days.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to the East Indies.

[2 1 July 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Duties chargeable on Woollen Goods of the Manufacture

4 V of Great Britain, exported to Places within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should cease and determine May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, _.t

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred lg1? duties

and five, the Duties of Customs granted and payable by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of thef Custom*U

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War and until payable under '

the Ratification if a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain 43 3* c. 76.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, on Woollen Goods (Sc« Schc^le_

of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the on'wo!>Uen

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall wholly <tease and determine, save Goods of Brittih

and except as to airy Arrears of Duties that shall have arisen, and may remain due and payable on the said Manufacture

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five. exported to the

'ss b East Indie# (bail

CAP. LXXXIII. CCa(*'

An Act to continue the Operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Aftt relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

[2d July 1805.]

[44 G. 3. C. 64. continuing 43 G. 3. c. 136. continued till 2$ March 1806 ]

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for making more effectual the gracious Intentions of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, so far as relates to the Returns of Certificates into the Exchequer and Gifts of PersonaL Property^ - ' [2d July 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the First Ycafr of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First,

intituled, An Act for making, tnpre effectual Her late Maycflfs .gracious Intentions for augmenting the Main- 1 G.*. c. to.

0 tenance of the Poor Clergy, the respective Bishops of every Diocese were empowered from Time to Time, as. /« t,

they should fee Occasion, and as might best serve the Purposes of the said bounty to the Poor Clergy, ta

J*'y ' 4 inform

518 C. $4» 85.

45* GEORG I I If I

A: D. H S05.

5 Ann*, c. 24.

6 Ann*, c. 27.

Biftups, ice. Chall enquire into Value of Benefices returned into the Exchequer, and certify the same to the Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty, who fhfli 1 (he empowered t»act upon fitch new Certificate at they are now enabled to do with re(pe£t to Livings not returned into the Exchequer.

Not to affc& Livings with respect to their t)ifcharge from First Fruits and Tenths.

Personal Property may be given for augmenting Livings without Deed.

Provisoes as to Gifts of Lands, and Dcvifcs.

inform themselves by such Means as in the said Act are mentioned, of the dear improved yeaiiy Value of

every Benefice with Cure of Souls, Living, and Curacy, and of the true and clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of every Parson, Vicar, Curate, and Minister officiating in any such Churches or Chapels

as are therein mentioned, and how such yearly Values arose, with the other Circumstances thereof, and the same to certify to the said Governors, for their better Information in the Premises; in which said Act is

contained a Proviso, that where by Certificates returned into Her said Majesty'ft Court of Exchequer at Westminster, pursuant to an Act made in the Fifth Year of Her Reign, intit.led, An Act for discharging /mail Livings from their First Fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof; and one other Act made in the Sixth < Year of Her Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all Ecclesiastical Livings not exceeding the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, and for other Purposes, or either of them, or made good by the said recited Act of the First Year of King George the First, the yearly' Value of any Livings not exceeding the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, were particularly and duly expressed and specified, such '* Certificates should ascertain the yearly Values of such Livings, in order to their being augmented by the said^Governors, and no new or different Valuation thereof should be returned to the said Governors by virtue of the said recited Act: And whereas since the Time that such Certificates were returned into the Exchequer, in pursuance of the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth of her laid late Majesty Queen Annef many Livings in such Certificates mentioned, and thereby returned as not exceeding the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, for th*

Purpose of being discharged from First Fruits and Tenths, are by subsequent Improvement of their Glebe*

and Tithes, and by Inclosures and other Means, become of much greater Value; and in order that the 4 Bounty of her said late Majesty may be applied as was originally intended, for the Augmentation of small Livings, in Places where the lame are not already sufficiently provided for, and that Her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Relief of the Poor Clergy may be more speedfly and effectually carried into Execution, it is become expedient that the Governors of the said Bounty should be empowered to receive new Valuations* 4 of such Livings as were so returned into the Exchequer May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may. be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adviceand Coafent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of the fame. That the respective Bishops of every Dioceie, and the Guardians of Spiritualities Sede vacantia shall be and are hereby empowered from Time to Time as they shall see Occasion, and as may bell ferje the> Purposes of the said Bounty to the Poor Clergy, by such Ways and Means as in the said Act of the Year of His Majesty King George the First, are mentioned in that Behalf, to inform themselv.es of the clear improved yearly Value of such Benefices with Cure of Souls, Livings, and Curacies as were returned into the Exchequer in pursuance of the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, within their several Dioceses, or within any Peculiars or Places of exempt lurifdiftio* "within the Bounds and Limits of their respective Dioceses, or adjoining or contiguous thereto, although the same be exempt from the Jurisdiction of any Bishop in other Cases, and how such yearly Values arise, with the other Circumstances thereof 5 and the lame or such of them, whereof they shall have fully informed themselves, from Time to Time with all convenient Speed to certify to the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Annef for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, for their better Information in the Premises; and the said Governors are hereby authorized and empowered, with respect to the Augmentation of such Livings, so formerly certified into the Exchequer as aforesaid, to act upon and be guided by such new Certificates of the Value and other Circumstances thereof, made in pursuance of this A* a fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as they are in and by the said first herein-before mentioned and in part recited Act, enabled to do with regard to such Livings as were not so certified into the Exchequer, and as if the Restraint of the said Proviso therein had not been made, the same Proviso or any Thing in the said recited Act to the, contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Certificates as were returned into the Exchequer for the

Purpose of ascertaining what Livings were to be discharged from First Fruits and Tenths, shall not, so far as the fame relate to the First Fruits and Tenths, be affected or altered in any Manner whatsoever by any Thing in this Act contained. t

III. And in order to facilitate the Intentions of all such Persons as may be disposed to contribute to the Augmentation of such Livings and Curacies at are within the Meaning of the Laws now in force, respecting the said Bounty be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons having in hie, her, or thnr owii Right, any Money, Goods, Chattels, or other personal Effects, at his, her, or their* Will an<I Pleasure, % o give or grant to, or vest in the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne and their Successsors, to be by them disposed of according to Law, all or any Part of such Money, Goods, Chattels, or other perfdbal Effects, without any Deed or Deeds, either enrolled or not enrolled, in like Maimer as he, she, or they could or might have done, either by Deed or Deeds enrolled or otherwise, before the passing of this Act, any Statute or Law to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided n^vei theless, That nothing herein, contained shall in any Manner alter or affect the Law

now in force respecting the Gift or Conveyance of any Laiids, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any Deed or Deeds; or the Disposition thereof, or of any Goods, 'Chattels, or other personal Property, byWiH or Testament.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for authorizing the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treafdrjf in OntU Britain to advance at certain Sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Crindn Canal. (2AJuty 1805.]

Recital of 3* G. 3. c. 104. and 39 G. 3. c. 71. that under the kdter Acte, occl» was advanced to thq Crinan Canal Company by lift Court of Exchequer in Scotland) hut that further Assistance is wanting.

The

A.D. 1805. 45°<GEORGII III., C. 85 — 87. 519

The Treasury are empowered to advance the further Sum of 25, 000l. to the said Company, §1. — The Canal and its Rates and all Estate therein shall remain vested in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, until the 44 25, 000l. already advanced, and also the above additional 2£, ocol. be paid, with Interest, §2. — Money advanced 4C under this Act, may be put by the Company into the Royal Bank, &c. at Interest, till employed on the 41 Canal, $ .3."

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation

and Exportation of Com, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act pafli'd in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and 44- G- 3- c. 107. Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties ind Duties payable thereon And whereas it is expedient that Tome of the Provisions of the said Act, as to the regulating the Importation and Exportation by the Average taken as

in the said Act is directed should be repealed, and others thereof amended : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the "e (rpc?^Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, |m , wlUUon and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight Exportation or hundred and five, so muck of the said Act as requires that the Importation and Exportation of Com, Grain, Com, See. into Malt, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, into and from England and Wales, and into and from Scotland, shall be regulated, as to England and Wales, by the Average Prices of the Whole of the Twelve Maritime Districts thereof, and rt gul*, ted oy the as to Scotland by the Average Prices of the Whole of the Four Districts in Scotland', shall be and the same is Average Prices

hereby repealed; and from the said Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, the Impor- ihe 12

tation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, and Biscuit, into and from every Part of Great Britain, shall be regulated by the aggregate Average Price of the Whole of the Twelve Maritime Districts of^hnd and England and Walts in the said Act mentioned; such Average Price to be ascertained from such Returns, and \y: e>, as in such Manner as isdirested by an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, aterruined by intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign t, c Returns Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; and by another Act passed in the Thirty-third Year l(^ncd of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty frjl Year of the Reign ^Sce f ^31] jnd of ITts present Majesty, intituled An Act for regul ting the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment 33 G. 3. c. 65.

- of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exportedfor afcei taining the Average Prices of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour.

II. And be it nevertheless further enacted, That no Com, Grain, Malt, or Flour, shall, after the No Corn, Sec. Commencement of this Act, be allowed to be exported from any District of Great Britain, or be loaden ^ll

on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported when the Prices of such Corn or Grain 'h/pnee in the respectively, in such District, ascertained in Manner aforesaid, shall have been in the preceding Week at or preceding Week above the Import Rates. is xx ihe Import Rates.

III. And whereas it is expedient that the Period for which Permissions by Orders in Council to import Or<kn* of

Corn, Meal, or Flour, now by Law continue in force, Should be extended as to all Corn, Meal, or Flour Council for imported under any such Permission from Quebec or the other British Colonies and Plantations in North

America? be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Permission granted Erj'tHh Colonies by any Order in Council under the said recited Acts of the Thirty-first and Thirty-third Years of His Majesty's in America, Reign respectively, or either of them, for the Importation of any Sort of Corn, Meal, or Flour, from Quebec shall contioue in or the other British Colonies and Plantations in North America, shall continue in force for Six Months at the lorce for Slx least, from the Date of the Order in Council made for that Purpose, any Tiling in any former Act or Acts to Monlhs* the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty,& Treasury so permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned. [icth July 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for 43 G. 3. c. 4* permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouse, without Payment of D* / IO*3

Duty, His Majesty, by His Order in Council, is empowered to permit certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Tables to the said Act. annexed, or such other Articles which by virtue of the said Act may be added to such Tables, and which may be deemed proper and fit to be landed and lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Direfrimw of the said Act, at any Port of Great Britain, without Payment at the Time of the First Entry of the Duties of Customs or Excile due on the Importation thereof; provided it shall he made to appear that such Port is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port to which it would be just and reasonable to extend the Advantages by the said Act granted, and also that Docks, AVharfs, and Warehouses hall have been built and erected within such Port compleat, fit, and proper in every respect for the Landing and Reception of any such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and wherein the farm* may respectively be safely imported and landed, and securely depofifed according to the Nature thereof, and wherein the same may remain under the Regulations of the said Act: And whereas it may be expedient

4 t*

i3*»

520

C. 87, 88. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

4 to extend the Benefit and Accommodation to Trade granted to the Port of London by the said recited Act,

a* far as the Security of the Revenue will permit, to other Porta in Great Britain, although such Docks,

Wharfs, or Warehouses as by the said Act are required, may not have been built and erected within such Ports be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Treasury, (on Authority of the same, That whenever it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High

being satisfi. d Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, or any Three or more of

em, ^at an7 Port*n Great Britain is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried ort therein, and from dircl) that Goods the Nature ot its Situation, a Port to which it would be just, reasonable, and (afe to extend the Advantages describrd in granted by the said recited Act, although such Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses as are required by the said Tables (A.) and recited Act may not have been made, erected, or built within such Port; it shall be lawful for the Lord High Aa ?eficectCd Treasurer* or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by\ Tobacco^ and Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to order and direct that any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize also Wire from enumerated or described in the Tables to the said Act annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) (Tobacco excepted), the West Indies, and also Wine imported from the West Indies, may be landed and lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise fee urea, may be landed under the joint Locks of the Merchant and the Customs, and also of the Excise, in Cases where that Revenue wichmuPayment8 concerned, at such Port, without Payment at the Time of the First Entry of the Duties of Customs or of Dury, at any Excise due on the Importation thereof; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; Ports in Great and thenceforth all and every the Provisions, rowers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Britain, although Restrictions, Acts, Matters, and Things, relating to the landing, warehousing, keeping, inspecting, taking account of> or otherwise securing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize under the said Act, and of the Duties am no? built at* <*ue an<* PaYaWe thereon, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are altered such Port. or varied by this Act, extend and be construed to extend to the Port or Ports named in such Order, in like Manner in every respect, and as fully and amply, as if such Port or Ports had been or should be entitled to the Advantages given or granted by the said recited Act.

Bflndi shall be

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall g3 l!£utl>e be allowed to be warehoused under any such Order as aforesaid, without Payment at the Time of the First ciMicr'be duly Entry of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof 5 the Proprietor, Importer, or Consignee of exported o. that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with the Duties shall One sufficient Surety to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the Port where b* paid. such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be landed, in Double the Amount of the full Duties due and

payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, with Condition that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be either duly exported, in the Manner and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, so far as the same are applicable thereto, as by the said recited Act are directed, in respect of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of that the full Duties of Customs, due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be paid to the Collector or proper Officer of the Customs, within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the First Entry thereof.

Warchntifei flull

III. And whereas it is by the said recited Act provided, that no Duty of Customs or Excise whatever (halt be freure against be demanded or paid for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize warehoused in pursuance of the said Act, Fire, to entitle which shall be destroyed by Fire; be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize allowed to Exemption from* ware^ou^ in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, which shall be destroyed by Fire, nor the Importer, Duty in case Proprietor, or Consignee thereof, shall be exempt from the Payment of any of the said Duties of Customa Accident. or Excise, which may be due thereon, unless every Fire Place or Stove in the Warehouses or Buildings, in [Sr* 43 G-1* which the same shall be deposited, shall be bricked up or destroyed, and such Warehouses or Buildings shall in c. ijx./. 16.] other respects, to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and also of the Excise, in all Cases where that Revenue is concerned, be rendered secure from Fire; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Cochineal Dull and Granilla imported into Great Britain \ and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof., [10th July 180$.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to 4 V repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grr.nt other Duties in lieu thereof, and by

other Acts passed subsequent thereto, certain Duties of Customs were imposed on Cochineal imported into Great Britain t And whereas it is expedient to lower the said Duties, so far as the same relate to Cochineal Dust rnd Granilla, imported (other than by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Bast Indies') into Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with Dutieion the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament. jJnd Grin!lla afmWed, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand imported (except e*frht hundred and five, the Duties of Customs now payable by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-by the East India third Year aforesaid, upon Cochineal Dull and Granilla, imported (other than by the United Company of Company^ in Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies) into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and Keu of fjrmer except as to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall be incurred at any Time before

utlc*4 the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five; and instead and in lieu thereof there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid trnto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Upon all Cochineal Dust and

Granilla

45° GEORGII IIli

C. 88, 89. 5*1

this Act.

Granilla imported (other than as aforesaid) into Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs following 5;

(that is to say),

For each and every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cochineal Dull, the Sum of One Penny Farthing:

And for each and every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Granilla the Sum of Three-pence Half-penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties of Cuuoms which, by virtue of an Act passed in Additional pe/ the Forty-third Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War rnd until the Cottage Dutur Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, poled by

tVares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; and also of an Act passed in 43 G. 3* c. 7.

the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty \s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the 44. G.3. 053. present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof ly the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peaces'<i additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise into Great Britain, and on Goods,

Wares, and Merchandise, brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain; and also of an Act passed in the

present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain, 4S 3- c-

on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported into or brought or carried coastwise; are payable on A'I pud «nr

Cochineal Dud and Granilla imported (other than as aforesaid) into Great Britain, for and in respect of every un<*cr

One hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon by virtue of the said first recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, shall, from and after the said First Dary of August One thousand eight hundred and five, be payable for and in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the produce and Amount of the Duties of Custom3 due and payable on Cochineal Dull and Granilla imported1 (other than as aforesaid) into Great Britain by virtue of this Act, any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

u Duties shall be levied, &c. as former Duties, §5. — Excess of former Duty beyond the Amount of " Duty payable by this Act shall be returned to Persons having paid the same fmee 5th July 1803, —

" f 4 "

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the Punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every Part of Great Britain.

[iotli July 1805.]

WHEREAS by tfn Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 4' the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effc3ual preventing and further Punishment of Forgeryf

Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to Jleal Bonds, Notes> or other Securities for Payment of Money; and also by an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging or Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money, dr

1 Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods; and also by an Act, passed in the Thirtyfirst Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King Georgs the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties upon OffiteS and Perfions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, and for ratfing the Sum of Five Millions by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and also by an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, c intituled, An Act for cJlabliJFing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of One million six hundred thousand Pounds towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-two; and also by an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the more eJfcSually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, certain Provisions were made and enacted for the*preventing and punishing the Forgery of Bank Notes, and other Notes, Bills, and Instruments, in these Acts respectively mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that such Provisions should extend and be in force in ' every Part of Great Britain, with such Alterations and Amendments therein as are hereby made f be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, falsely make, forge, coun* terfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited, or altered, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Indorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or any Acquittance or Receipt either for Money or Goods, or any accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, or any Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Delivery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever; or shall offer, dispofo of, or put away any false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note for Payment of Money, Indorsement or Assignment of any Bill of Exchange or Promissory' Note for Payment of Money, Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, Acquittance, or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, accountable Receipt for any Note, Bill, or other Security for Payment of Money, Warrant or Order for Payment of Money or Dciiyery of Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited, or altered, then every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted according to the dufc Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

45 Geo. III., 3 X IL And

1 O.s. c.if.'

7 G. 2. c. it. 31 G. 2. c. ltd

IS G. 2. c. r^.

41 O.3. (U.K.y c. 39.

Persons forging Deeds or Will*, or Securities, Receipts, or Orders fur Money, Sec. or uttering any such with Intent to defraud any Person or Corporation, gu.'tY of F< lofty* w.: b out Clergy. [Sect G. 2. c. 15. /. 1. 7C. 2. c. tz. 31 (?. 2. c. 21.

522 C. 89.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act*

forge, counterfeit, or alter any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Dividend Warrant, or any Bond or Obligation under the Common Seal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Indorsement thereon, or shall offer or dispose of or put away any such forged, counterfeit, or altered Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond, or Obligation, or the Indorsement thereon, or demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any Part thereof, of the said Company, or any their Officers or Servants, knowing such Note, Bill, Dividend Warrant, Bond, or Obligation, or the Indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with Intent to defraud the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate whatsoever, every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons (other than the Officers, Workmen, Servants, or Agents for the Time being of the Governor and Companjp of the Bank of England, to be authorized and appointed for that Purpose by the said Governor and Company, and for the Use of the said Governor and shall use-or have £ompany only) shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make or use, or cause or procure to be made or used, or knowing aid or assist in the mating or using, or (without being authorized or appointed as aforesaid) with curved Bar shall knowingly nave in his, her, or their Custody or Possession (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall Lines or funu lie upon the Party accused) any Frame, Mould, or Instrument for the making of Paper with curved or waying Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waying or curved Shape, or with any Number, Sum, or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words in Roman Letters visible in the Substance of such Paper; or shall manufacture, make, use, ven<L expoie to Sale, publish, or dispose of, or cause or procure to be manufactured, made, used, vended, exposed w£ale, published, or disposed 6f, or aid or assist in the manufacturing, making, using, vending, expofmr to Sj|j^ publishing, or disposing of, or (without being authorized or appointed asne ofaTy aforesaid) shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Paper whatsoever with curved 10 to an°tC»i u»C or way*ng Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waying or curved Shape, or having any the Pa pc 1 or Number, Sum, or Amount expressed in a Word or Words in Roman Letters appearing visible in the Substance assist in fodoirg; of such Paper; or if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted) shall, by any Art, Mystery, of such Offenders Contrivance, cause or procure the Numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Poll Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed; or shall knowingly aid or assist in causing the Numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words in Roman Letters to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain any Person or Persons from issuing or negociating any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, having the Sum or Amount thereof expressed in Guineas, or in a Numerical Figure or Figures, denominating the Sum or Amount thereof in Pounds Sterling, appearing visible on the Substance of the Paper upon which the same shall be written or printed 5 any Thing herein contained t<p the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

in Figuics in the Paper. [See 41 G. 3. (UK) c. 39./. 3.]

Not 10 icftrain V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any

Krfom from Person or Persons from making, using, vending, exposing to Sale, publishing, or dispofng of any Paper

having waving or curved Lines, or any other Devices in the Nature of Watermarks visibfe in the Substance of IfcvkeT!n the the Paper> not being Bar Lines or laying Wire Lines, provided the same are not contrived in such Manner as Njtuicof Water to form the Ground-work or Texture of the Paper, or to imitate or resemble the waving or curved Lying Marks not Wire LII\es or Bar Lines of the said Paper of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to rriemhling tht imitate or resemble the Watermarks used by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Bank a^TuVedt»y*the Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, issued by the said Governor and Company; any Thing-Bank* herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

41 G- 3- (tf-.) c 39 /4.]

Person* know-

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the paffmgof this Act, ingly receiving purchase or receive from any other Person or Persons any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited 5 or shall knowingly or wittingly have in his, her, or their

Possession or Custody, or in his, her, or their Dwelling House, Outhouse, Lodgings, or Apartments, any-

forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Biiluf Exchange, or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited (without - f lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused) every Person or Persons so offending, and 4? G 3?(U.K.) being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of c. 39- / 5 1'Fourteen Years.

Like

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this Act*

Puniflvnocnt shall engrave, cut, etch, ferape, or by any other Means or Device make, or shall cause or procured to be

*»r Persons engraved, cut, etched, feraped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the

an^nlf Note cutting, etching, feraping, or by any other Means or Device, making, in or upon any Plate of

F»ank° Copper, Brass, Steel, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon any Wood or any other

N tc, Sc c. or Materials, or any Plate whatsoever* any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or Blank Bank

tv 1 thereof, or., Note*

Forging or uttering Bank Notes, Dividend Warrants, See. FHony without Cl rgy.

[Srr 15 G. 2. c. 13. f. H.J

If any Pei fans (not authorized >ry the BanlO

in Words appealing in the Substance of the Paper; or make, use, or fr II such Paper; or cause

shall be adjudged Te ons, and transported for 14 Years.

G-3-(U.K)c. 39.

J.

Not to rest rain (be I flue, See. of Bills with the Amount cKOreffed in Guine. s/ or Pounds Sterling

or having forged Bank Notes, &c. or Blank Bank !wte«, &c. shall be adjudged Felons and transported fir

A.D. 1805. 450 GEORGII III. C. 89, 90# 523

Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Poll Bill, or Part of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of using any such Exchange, or Bank Poll Bill# purporting to be the Note, or Bill of Exchange, or Bank Poll Bill, or Blank pl*lc> anj Bank Note* or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Poll Bill, or Part of, the Note, or Bill of Dc?: ce far Exchange, or Bank Pod Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, without an Authority in Wnting for that Purpose from the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England; or shall use any such Bank Note, such Plate so engraved, cut, etched, scraped, or by any other Means or Device made, or shall use any other &c. without the Instrument or Device for the making or printing any such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Pod Authority of he Bill, or Blank Bank Note, or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Pod Bill, or Part of a Bank Note, B<n^ ?r or Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Pod Bill, without such Authority in Writing as aforesaid; or if any^uttering any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, without such Authority as aforesaid, -such Bhnk knowingly have m his, her, or their Cudody, any such Plate, Indrument, or Device, or shall, without such Bank Note or Authority as aforesaid, knowingly and wilfully utter, publish, dispose of, or put away any such # Blank Bank *arl Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Pod Bill, or Part of such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Pod Bill, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted Bank-Bill of* " thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years. Exchange, Bank , PoJtBil/}xi G i.fU.Kjc. 39l.6.J

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained shall Act fiiali e*?eni extend, and be deemed and condrued to extend by ail Courts, Judges, and Magistrates whatsoever, to every ^ol.e of Part of Great Britain; any Thing herein-before contained, or aHy Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary Great main* notwithstanding.

CAP. XC.

An Act to empower His Majesty to retain upon Full Pay and Allowances Officers of the Militia during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction. [loth July 1805.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient to retain a Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals of the several Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Militia within Great Britain, notwithstanding the Reduction which shall have taken place therein, in pursuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for allowing a certain: Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain 4$ 6. 3* 3

voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines, and notwithstanding the Number of such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals, shall in consequence of such Reduction exceed the*

Proportion of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals, prescribed for the said Regiments,

4. Battalions, or Corps respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with, the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order figmfied by* His M#ji*Ay His Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct any Number of Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals, dumber of*'^ actually serving in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, at the Time that any Reduction of the Number of the private Men of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall have taken place, or shall take place serving in me by the Discharge of Men, for the Purpose of enlisting into the Regular Forces and Royal Marines, under. Mili.ia »t the the above recited Act, to be retained during the Continuance of the present War, or for so lqrtg Time, during Time cvf the the Continuance thereof as His Majesty shall think fit, as Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals, '

respectively, of such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, although by reason thereof the Number of Officers,

Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals respectively, of any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall by a though the such Reduction of the Number of Private Men therein as aforesaid, exceed the Proportion of Officers, Number may Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals, respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps ofxc?erf !hc Militia, by any Act or Acts now in force; and all such Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Corporals, '* for 4

so retained as aforesaid, shall be entitled to such Pay, Emoluments, and Advantages as Other Officers, Non- Regiment,

commissioned Officers, and Corporals respectively are by Law entitled unto, any Thing in any Law or Act ta &c. the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers so retained who Such Officer#

shall exceed the Proportion of Officers respectively prescribed for any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall, fh.li fmcccd to being duly qualified according to any Act or Acts relating to the Militia of England and Scotland in that Behalf, ac', c, <J5«

succeed to Vacancies which may occur in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps respectively according to their respective Ranks, and beginning with the elded Officer of each Rank respectively.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Establishment of Field Officers of any such Regulations Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall, previously to such Reduction thereof as aforesaid, have confided of One re(p*v^»Hl Colonel, Two Lieutenant Colonels, and Two Majors, and by reason of such Reduction, One Colonel, and 0fl[ic<r, '

One Lieutenant Colonel only, and Two Majors, shall be allowed on the Establishment thereof, and One of such Majors shall at any Time after such Reduction have died orresigned, then and in such Case, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order, signified as aforesaid, to direct that the Lieutenant*Colonel, who in

consequence of such Reduction would have been retained as a Supernumerary Lieutenant Colonel under the

Provisions of this Act, shall remain and continue upon the Establishment of such Regiment, Battalion, or

Corps, with the full Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, but nevertheless with the Pay, Emoluments* and Advantages

of Major, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

3 X a

52+ C. 9T.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Cap. xcr.

An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the "^- [10th July 1805.]

Publick Accounts of Great Britain.

&s£co. 3.C. 51.

KiiM-ijcftymay appoint Three Com m»fiioners additional Hoard for examining and auditing t'uh-iick Extraordinary Accounts under Direction f the Treascry.

Oath of Commissioners.

T#oa Quorum.

Treasury may appoint Officers and Clerks.

Towers of

Commissionerl of Tubltck Accounts underJ<M- r.'ji. &<. ecfeiUhrd to ContunHfitiners Atnikr the Act.

Accountants and other' Persons concerned m Acounts under Examination subjected to the Provisions of said Act5 G.J.C.JJ.

Commissioners flftaall not be Aicmbcrsof Parliament.

WHEREAS the Publick Accounts of Great Britain have so much increased since the Commencement

v of the late War, that the Commissioners appointed under an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of % His present Majesty's Reign, for auditing the Publick Accounts, have not been able to enter upon the % Examination of a considerable Part of such of the said Accounts as have been already delivered into their Office, and others have not yet been rendered by the Parties accountably to the Publick; and it is therefore

expedient, in order to prevent the great Inconvenience which will anse from any further Delay in the Examination and auditing of the said Accounts, that an additional Board of Commissioners should be appointed for the Purpose of examining and auditing such of the said Accounts as are henein-after specified; r be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate and appoint Three Persons to be an additional Board of Commissioners for examining and auditing, according to a Selection to be made from Time to Time by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, such of the extraordinary Accounts of the publick Expenditure of Great Britain as the said Commissioners appointed unde* the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid shall not have begun to examine; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby authorized and empowered, to order and direct any such Accounts of the publick Expenditure of Great Britain since the Commencement of the late War, or any other publick extraordinary Accounts, the Examination of which shall not have been begun imon, as they shall think fit, to be examined and audited by the said Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, who shall forthwith proceed to examine and audit the same accordingly; any Thing in the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, before they shall enter upon the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the E' checjuer, which he is hereby authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall lie as followeth; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do swear, That according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for [Here insert the 4. T'ttU of the Act.]' -

And any Two of the said Commissioners may do any Act, Matter, or Thing, which by this Act all such Commissioners are authorized and empowered and required to do.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized to appoint such Officers and Clerks, and other Persons, as shall appear to them to be necessary from Time to Time, for making up and preparing for Declaration such of the Publick Accounts of Great Britain as shall from Time to Time be laid before the said Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, for the Purposes of being examined and audited by them; and to allow such Salaries or Rewards to such Officers, Clerks, and ether Persons, as they shall judge proper.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act shall be and they are hereby inverted with such and the same Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the Performance of the same Duties, and liable to the same Controul in every Respect, in relation to the Examination and auditing of all Accounts which shall be so directed to be examined and audited by them \ and shall have the same Power of examining, on Oath, or otherwise, any Person or Persons touching the Receipt and Expenditure of Money forming the Charge and Discharge of each Account respectively, and touching all o^her Matters and Things necessary for the due Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, as the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid* for auditing the Publick Accounts, are now under the said Act, or by any other Law, or any Usage or Custom, invested with, or are subject and liable to in relation to the Examination and auditing of any of the Publick Accounts of Great Britain; and the Examination and auditing of any such Accounts by the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, and all Matters and Things ordered, directed, or done by them in refetioit thereto, or to any Accountants, Sub-accountants, or other Person or Persons concerned therein, or examined touching the fame, in pursuance of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents* Constructione, and Purposes, as if the same Accounts had been examined, and the said Acts, Matters, and Things done by the Commissioners appointed under the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid-

V. And be it further enacted, That all Accountants, Sub-accountants, and other Persons, concerned irv any Accounts under Examination before the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, or to be examined by the said Commissioners touching the fame, shall, and they are hereby required to demean themselves in such Manner in all respects, and to do all such Matters and Things, as by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid is directed and required in like Cases, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as by virtue of the said Act they would have been subject and liable to, for any Breach, Non-performance, Failure, or Neglect thereof; or for wilfully and corruptly giving false Evidence, in case such Accounts had been under Examination before the Commissioners appointed under the said Act

41 Vouchers for Payment of Money before December 3 r, 1804, may be allowed although not stamped, §6

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Commissioner to he appointed by vutue bf this Act shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being eiefted of of fitting as a Member of the tioufe of Commons.

45° GEORGII III.

G-9\ 525

CAP. XCII.

An Act to amend Two A3s of the Thirteenth and Forty-foujth Years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Execution of (Tie Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An

v Y jig for the more effectual Execution of the Criminal Laws in the Two Parts of the United Kingdom;

and by another A3, polled in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to

render more easy the apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom>

to the other, and also from one County to another; Provision 13 made for the apprehending of Offenders in 1 England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, so that such Offenders may be apprehended in one of the said

Parts of the United Kingdom for Offences charged to have been committed within either of the other Parts

of the fame; And whereas there is no Provision hiade in the said Acts for admitting such Persons to Bail, who

may be so apprehended for Offences which by Law are bailable Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case any Person or Persons shall be apprehended in one of the said Parts of the United Kingdom for an Offence which was committed, or charged to have been committed, in either of the other Parts of the fame, under any Warrant indorsed in such Manner as is in that Respe3 provided by virtue of either of the said recited A3s, such Person or Persons shall and may be taken before the Judge or Justice who indorsed the said Warrant, or before some other Justice or Justices of the County, Stewartry, City, Liberty, Town or Place where the same was indorsed; and in case the Offence be bailable in Law, and such Offender or Offenders shall be willing and ready to give Bail for his, her, or their Appearance, according to the Exigence of the said Warrant, such Judge or Justice or Justices by whom such Warrant was indorsed, or before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be brought* shall and may proceed with such Offender or Offenders, and take Bail for him, her, or them, according to the Exigence of the said Warrant, in the same Manner as the Judge or Justice who originally issued the same should or might have done; and such Judge or Justice or Justices so taking Bail as aforesaid shall take the Recognizance or Bail Bond of the said Offender or Offenders, and of his, her, or their Bail, in Duplicate, and shall deliver One of such Duplicates to the Constable, or other Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons so apprehending such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, who are hereby required to receive the same, and to deliver or cauie to be delivered such Recognizance or Bail Bond to the Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer for receiving the fame, belonging to the Court in which by such Recognizance or Bail Bond such Offender or Offenders shall be bound to appear, and such Recognizance or Bail Bond shall be as good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, and of the same Force and Validity, as if the same had been entered into, taken, or acknowledged before a Judge or Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, where the Offence was committed 5 and the said Judge or Justice or Justices so taking Bail as aforesaid, shall transmit the other of such Duplicates to the Court of Exchequer of such Part of the United Kingdom in which such Bail shall be taken, there to be kept of Record; and it shall and may be lawful for the Court, in which any Person so bound to appear shall forfeit his or her said Recognizance or Bail Bond, to transmit a Certificate, testifying the Forfeiture thereof, under the Seal of the Court, or under the Hand and Seal of one of the Judges or Justices of the fame, to the Court of Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom in which such Recognizance or Bail Bond shall have been taken; and it shall and may be lawful for such Court of Exchequer to proceed upon such Certificate to levy the Sum so forfeited, in the same Manner in which they may proceed upon any Recognizance or Bail Bond, taken and forfeited within the same Part of the United Kingdom, and estreated in due course into the said Court: Provided always, that if such Offence be not bailable in Law, or such Offender or Offenders shall mot give Bail for his, her, or their Appearance, according to the Exigence of such Warrant, the said Judge or Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, shall remand him, her, or them to the Custody of the Constable or other Officer or Person who shall have apprehended such Offender or Offenders, and fudh Constable, Officer, or other Person shall proceed to convey such Offender or Offenders into that Part of the United Kingdoui wherein the Offence was committed, by such Ways and Means as are provided by the said recited A3s respectively.

II. ' And whereas it may happen by reason of the Difference in the Law prevailing in the said different Parte

of the United Kingdom, that the Judge or Justice or Justices before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be

brought, under such Warrant so indorsed, may not know whether the Offence mentioned in such Warrant be or be not bailable; for the better Information therefore of such Judge or Justice or Justices in that Particular, ' be it further enacted, That in case any Person suing out such Warrant shall shew, by Affidavit or otherwise, to the Satis-fa3ion of the Judge or Justice granting such Warrant, that it may be necessary to execute such Warrant in a Part of the United Kingdom different from that in which such Warrant is issued, and it shall appear also to the Judge or Justice granting such Warrant, that it is granted for an Offence for which it tvould not be lawful for any Judge or Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders might be brought, by reason of the Indorsement of such Warrant as dire3ed by the said recited A3s, to admit such Offender or Offenders to Bail, such Judge or Justice granting such Warrant shall, upon the Face of such Warrant, write the Words not-bailableand in all Cases in which such Words shall not have been so written^ it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender or Offenders may Be brought under such Warrant fp indorsed, to admit such Offender or Offenders to Bail*

13 G. 3. c. 3* 44 G. 3. c. 9

Parties apprehended in one Part of U.K. for Offences charged to be committed in any other Part thereof, shall be admitted to BailK and Duplicates of the Bail Botufr shall be delivered, one to the Officer apprehending, and the other to the Court of Exchequer, &c.

Panics ffor billable, nor bailed, shall btf' remanded to Custody as under recited Acts.

The Judge, Ice. granting the original Warrant, shall write li not bailable, on the Face of Warrants for Offences not bailable, I*c*

Loome

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18toe.

Service of Sub-psena on Patties r Witnessesin any Part of the United Kingdom shall be valid to compel Appearance in any other Part

III. ' And whereas it is fit to provide for the Appearance of Persons to answerin Cases where Warrants are not usually issued, and to give Evidence in Criminal Prosecutions in every Part of the United Kingdom; be it further enacted, That the Service of every Writ of Subpaena, or other Process, upon any Person, in any one of the Parts of the United Kingdom, requiring the Appearance of such Person to answer or give Evidence in any Criminal Prosecution in any other of the Parts of the fame, shall be as good and effectual ia Law as if the same had been served in that Part of the United Kingdom where the Person so served is required to appear; and in case such Person so served shall not appear according to the Exigence of such Writ or Process, it* shall be lawful for the Court out of which the same issued, upon Proof made of the Service thereof, to' the Satisfaction of the said Court, to transmit a Certificate of such Default under the Seal of the same Court, or under the Hand of One of the Judges or Justices of the fame, to the Court of King's Bench in England in case such Service was had in England, or in case such Service was had in Scotland, to the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or in case such Service was had in Ireland, to the Court of King's Bench in Ireland; and the said lad mentioned Courts respectively shall and may thereupon proceed against and punish the Person so having made Default, in like Manner as they might have done if such Person had neglected or refused to appear in obedience to a Writ of Subpaena or other Process issued out of such lad mentioned Courts respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of such lad mentioned Courts shall in any Case proceed against or punish any Person for having made Default by not appearing to give Evidence in obedience to any Writ of Subpaena or other Process for that Purpose, unless it mall be made to appear to such Court that a reasonable and sufficient Sum of Money to defray the Expences of coming and attending to give Evidence, and of returning from giving such Evidence, had been tendered to such Person at the Time when such Writ of Subpaena or other Process was served upon such Person.

Judgr* Hull not V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Judge or Justice to^ mdorfc Warrant* indorse by virtue of either of the said recited Acts or this Act any Warrant, unless the same shall appear to under reared have ifl*Ued, if in England or Ireland upon some Indictment found or Information filed, or if in Scotland upon some Libel or Criminal Letters raised and passed under the Signet of the Court of Justiciary, against the Person or Persons named in such Warrant, or unless the same shall appear to have issued in respect of some Capital Crime or Felony mentioned in such Warrant j any Thing ia this and the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all Cases in which any Warrant or Certificate shall, by virtue of either of the said recited Acts or this Act, be required to be acted upon in any Part of the United Kingdom, other than that in which the same was originally issued, it shall not be lawful for any Court, or any

Expence of A i tendance on Writ* of Subpaena shall he tciideied to WhiulTcs.

A&», unless on Indictment, &c. found, or fur some Capital Crime or Felony.

Before Warrant* are ailed upen, Proof IHall be given of the Sealing, fee. thereof.

Act thall not aflVdl Profccu-

Judge or Justice to proceed to enforce or aft upon the fame, until it shall be proved upon Oath to such Court, Judge, or Justice, that the Seal, Signet, and Signature upon the fame, are the Seal, Signet, and Signawne respectively of the Court, Judge, or Justice, whose Seal, Signet, and Signature, the same respectively shall purport to be.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall, with respect to any Prosecution depending before the passing of this Act, be deemed or taken by any Court to alter or affect in

Undct dePG<, n8 an7 banner the Construction of the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, if any Question should arise whether such Prosecution be authorized by the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty-third and Forty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain.

[loth July 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4 4*An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain;

and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred andfour: And whereas an Act, parted in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred andfix, an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof: And whereas it is expedient that the Schedule to the said first recited Act annexed shallld be repealed and another Schedule enacted in lieu thereof may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent' Majesty, by unri with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, the Schedule to the said first recited Act annexed shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be deemed Part of the said recited Acts, and be continued therewith, and the Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule? to this Act annexed shall, from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, ie paid and allowed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, in like Manner, in every Respect, as if the said Schedule had been annexed to the said first recited Act.

43 O/j. c. 11. 45 G. 3. C. 14.

Annexed

Schedule (h ill k- used instead of that under

43 G-3- c.ii.

SCHEDULE

527

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 93--95.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this Act,

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, ' at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable. Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State i» which it wr imported, and Bounty on Refeied Sug ir, being ground or powdered Sagas, Bounty on Refried Sugar called Bastards, or Refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces. Bounty on other Refined-SugaHrvLoaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

IF the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 40/ the cwt./. /. e.

22 the cwt. 2 c the cwt. 40 the cwtv

If it shall exceed 40l. and not exceed 4ex. - 21 25; 3 8

If it shall exceed 45l. and not exceed 50l. - 205 36

If it shall exceed 50s. and not exceed 58l. - 20 20 34

If it shall exceed 58l.. and not exceed 60l. - 18 1T 3l

If it shall exceed 60s. and not exceed 62s. - 16 id 27

If it shall exceed 62s. and not exceed 64l. - H H4

If it shall exceed 64s. and not exceed 66s. - 1 z 12 20'

If it shall exceed 6'v. and not exceed 68l. - ia 10 n

If it shall exceed 6?s. and not exceed 70l.. - 8 $ IT

If it [hallexceed 70l. - Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.

r

All the above Prices are to be taken, exclusive of the Duties of Customa paid or payable on the Importation

of Sugar.

f C A.F. XCIV.

An Act for reducing the Duty of Excise on Hops* the Growth of Great Britain\

[10th July180$.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duty of Excise now payable on'Hops the Growth of Great Britain,

should be reduced : Be it therefore enacted by" the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, One Halfpenny of the Duty xh. of the Excise of Excise of Two-pence Halfpenny per Pound Weight Avoirdupois, graflted by an Act passed in the Forty- 2>ufy

third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great pe ib.grantcdbjr

Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, on Hops, the Growth, of Great Britain, shall cease 4J G 3- c. 69.

and determine*. ifc*U cease.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relatex to the Appointment of A(Te(Tors and Sub-Collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the: said Duties.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS an. Ad. was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under 43 Q. 3. c. 15.

the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Tuxes, and for amending, the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas certain Inconveniences have been found

9 to arise from the Appointment of Act*e{Tor8 under the Provisions of the said Act, it is expedient that the same should be amended in the Particulars after mentioned; ' may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aavice and.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case the Commissioners appointed to put into Execution, the said recited. In rafe Com-Ad, or any other Act or Acts for granting Duties to be'aflcrfed under the Regulations of that Ad, shall not, shall

at their usual annual Meeting held on the Thirtieth Day of April in each Year, appoint A {Teflon for each nJl*'he, f Parish or other small District, within the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough, for which they the said Com- April missioners ad, or where fiifch Assessors, if appointed, shall not signify to the Surveyor of the Shire or District point Assessori, their Acceptance of the Appointment within Thirty Days thereafter, that then and mefftry such Case it.[hall or where

be ABbiftrt shall

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

not signify their Acceptance of the Appointment, Surveyor (without lodging any Complaint) may make the A ficflrnent, &c. IS" 4.3 G. 3-c. 150./. 28J}

Lift of Personi 3» fTt (Ted affixed to th; Church Door, deemed good Notice to Vie Parties.

[S'* 43 O. 3-c. 150 /. iS.J

be lawful to and for such Surveyor forthwith, without lodging any ^Complaint before the Sheriff or other Magistrate, to assess and charge, as mentioned in the said Act, the several Inhabitants of the respective Farifhos, Districts, or Places wherein such Default shall have happened, and to make Certificates of Assessment of the several Duties charged by the said Acts 5 and the said Surveyors are hefeby required to make Two Duplicates of the said Assessments, One of which is to be sent to the Comptroller General of Tales of Edinburgh, and the other to be delivered to the Collectors to be appointed as directed by the said Act, for the Shire, Stewartry, City, or Borough respectively; and the Collectors to whom the same shall be delivered, shall have the same Powers to collect, receive, and recover the said Duties as such Collectors would have had in case the said Assessments had been allowed by the said Commissionera as mentioned in the said Act.

II*And whereas in the said Part of Great Britain passed Scotland) certain Incoriveniencics and Delays

have been found to arise from the Notices required by the said Act to be given by Collectorf of the Assessment

made on the Parties within the District for which such Collectors are appointed; be it therefore enacted, That, instead of such Notices being sent or delivered to the respective Parties, it shall be sufficient for the Assessor, or if no Assessor is appointed, then for the Surveyor, to affix to the Church Door of each Parish within his Dillrift a List, containing the Names and i)escriptions of all and every Person within each respectiv4 Parish assessed to the said Duties, together with the Article or Articles, and the Sum ot* Sums of Money for which they are respectively assessed, which Lift being so affixed shall be deemed and held to be an effectual Notice to the Parties for all the Purposes of the said recited Act, as fully as if the same had been delivered to such Parties separately, and the said respective Surveyors shall cause the said Notices of Assessment from Time to Time to be replaced, if necessaTy, for Three successive Sunday t; and every Person wilfully removing, tearing, defacing, or obliterating any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor left than Five Pounds, which Penalty shall be recovered in Manner directed by the fail recited Act, as to the Penalties therein mentioned*

t5/-<SO

III. And be it further enacted, That the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall have Power and Authority in any District or Districts, where the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid shall recommend the Appointment of a Sub-Collector or Sub-Collectors, to nominate ana appoint such Person or Persons as the Commissioners shall so recommend, and for whom the said Commissioners mail be answerable, to be Sub-Collector or Sub-Colfeftors for such Districts, or such Parts of Districts as to the said Barons shall seem necessary or expedient, which Sub-Collector or Sub-Collectors shall have Power and Authority to collect 'and receive from any Person or Persons within such Districts or Parts of Districts, paying the same to him or

wt>o may receive them the Sum or Sums of Money for which they are respectively assessed; provided the Sum payable on each Assessmentu Assessment does not exceed Twenty Shillings; and the said Sub-Collectors shall fend or remit the said Duties under ao-. and f0 collected or received by them without Delay, or at furthest on or before the First Day of the next Month after receiving the said Duties, to the Collector of the County within which such District or Part of a District is situated, and the said Collector is hereby required to grant to them a proper Receipt for such Monies, and shall be in charge for the Monies so received, which Receipts are to be transmitted by the said Sub-Collectors to the Remembrancer of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and for their Trouble in collecting and receiving such Duties, each Sub-Collector shall have such Allowance or Reward as the said-Barons of the Cotut of Exchequer, on a due Consideration of the Circtunstances of the Case, shall think just and reasonable, not exceeding Three Halfpence in the Pound, which Sums to be so allowed shall be paid by the Collectors of the respective Counties upon an Order from the hud Barons*

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed In the Southern Whale Fishery.

[10th July 1805.]

"Premiums allowed to Ships under Regulations of Acts 35 0.3. c. 9a. and 38 G. 3. c. 57 §1. 42 G-3»

" c. iS. § i.]--Eight Ships clearing out between id January and 31st December 1806, (and Two succeeding " Years), which shall fail to the southward of the Equator and fish, and shall first return before 1st December " in the subsequent Year With the greatest Quantity of Oil, shall all receive a Premium of £30°. §2. — " Four other Ship*, clearing out within the said Time, which shall fail to the southward of 36 Degrees u South Latitude, and return in not left than 14 Months, but before 31st December Twelvemonth after failing, u shall receive /400 each. §3. [SV. 4! G. 3. c. it. §2, 3.]"

IV. And be it further enacted, That for Ten other such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared

but between the First Day of Jfahuary and the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand right hundred and fife, and between the First Day of January and the Thirty-first Day of December in each of the Two succeeding Years, and shall double Cape Horny or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the West ward of Cape Horn in those Seas, or shall double The Cape of Good Hope, And carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Eastward of One hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain till after the Expiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the Thirty-first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed Six hundred Pounds to any one of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the Times herein last mentioned with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not left in the Whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or olner Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either Outward or Homeward; and there shall be paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of such Ships and Vessels last-$<* 9*] before

Penalty for removing or obliterating loch Lift 2dl. to 5l.

43 G. 3. C,

Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland may appoint Sub-Collectors,

remit them to Coiled.ors, Ace.

'To Ten other Ship*, clearing out within such Time, and which shall double Cape Horn, oi psfi through the Streight* of Magellan, &c. and return in not left than 16 Month*, &c. 6dol. to the first; and 500l. to die other Nine. [&r 41 G. 3. t. 1* /. 4j 43O

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 96 — 98. 529

before Mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the Times herein last before mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either Outward or Homeward.

V. And be it further enacted, That any Apprentice belonging to any Ship or Vessel fitted out on the said Certain Appren-Fishery, who shall not have completed Two Voyages, and whose Age shall not exceed Twenty-one Years, shall ticesin Fisherie* not be impressed from the said Service 5 and Special Protections shall be issued by the Lords Commissioners £5cive of the Admiralty to protest such Apprentices from being impressed into His Majesty's Service. rotcetion*.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Ships which shall clear out for the Southern Whale Fishery, and Benefits of shall return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil, the Produce of the said Fishery, within the Period Acts 35 and 38 limited by this Act, shall be entitled to all the Benefits and Advantages arising from Bounties, Remission of G. 3. extended^© Duties, or otherwise, granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-eighth Years of the Reign ?hll>s of His present Majesty, in the like Manner and to the same Extent as if such Ship's had returned to any ery>

Port in Great Britain* Ireland.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to imdemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing an Order of Council and Directions for extending the Time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine.

[10th July 1805.]

u Recital of Order in Council, dated December i9 1804* reauiring Performance of Quarantine, by certain u Ships. Persons concerned in issuing or acting under such Order indemnified as if the same had been issued " under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 80. [See 45 G. 3. c % io. f n, 12.] — §1. — Actions commenced shall be €t flayed. §2.°

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS it would tend to the Benefit of the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, if the Drawback of the Duties of Customs allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of certain Species of Foreign Linen to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, in which Description the Bahama A Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included, were increased; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Instead of the the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be paid and allowed, on the due Drawback* now Exportation from Great Britain to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, (in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included), of the several Species of ecitan^Forci0© Linen enumerated and described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.), and which shall be duly entered Linens to^hc5" for Exportation accordingly, after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, instead Bmish West and in heu of the Drawbacks now respectively allowed on any such Goods so exported, the Whole of the Duties Hlands, all of Customs which shall have been paid on the Importation into Great Britain of any such Linen, except only Dufy

the respective Sums mentioned in- the said Table, and declared therein to be the Sum to be retained, and not exccLuhcs'urns to be drawn back on any such Linen so exported, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: mentioned to be Provided always, that the several and respective Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs hereby granted shall be retained in paid and allowed in such and the like Manner, and under all the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the 'nnexed former Drawbacks on any such Goods were paid and allowed; and that all the Pains, Penalties, and For- r*rfulCQ feitures applicable thereto, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before tine said First j: 68^Schedule Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be extended to the Purposes of this Act, as fully A. Une*.J and effectually, to dl Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

SCHEDULE of the Duty of Customs to be retained on the Exportation from Great Britain of the several Species of Linen herein mentioned to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indite, in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included.

LINEN, viz.

German, Switzerland, E*Jl Country, (except Russia), and Silesia Cloth plain, viz.

not exceeding 314 Indies in Breadth the 120 Ells -

above the Breadth of 314 Inches the 120 Ells German and Russia Linen chequered or striped, the Thread or Yarn of which the same is made being coloured, stained, or dyed before the Manufacture, for every £ 1 CO of the Value thereof -> -

i

Portion of ft* Dufy of Customs 10 be retained.

45 Geo. III.

o

o

2

IO

d.

o

o

LINEN

N

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

LINEN {continued, )

Silesia and all other Lawns plain, (except Cambricks and French Lawns), the Piece aot exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

RuJJiu Linen plain, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

exceeding 22 \ Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 311 Inches the 120 Ells exceeding 31* Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 45 Inches the 120 EUs exceeding 45 Inches in Breadth the 120 Ells

o

O

2

3

5

i.

o

o

*00.3. c. 41.,

38 G. 3. c. 63.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 54.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the Improvement of the Revenue, and Prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties upon certain Goods imported into the I lie of

Man, and for better regulating the Trade and securing the Revenues of the said Island: And whereas a Report was made by certain Commissioners appointed by His Majesty to investigate certain Points relating to the ' Isle of Many which Report was, by Command of His Majesty, laid before both Houses of Parliament: And whereas an Act, founded on the said Report, was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty't

Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man, for

improving the Revenue thereof\ and for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; 1 and which Act was to continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and was, by an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, amended and further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two: And whereas the Provisions 1 of the said temporary Acts have fully answered the Purposes thereof, and been found highly beneficial, and have therefore been continued by subsequent Acts until the Fifth Day of July One thoulana eight hundred and five: And wThereas the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have, under the Powers vested in them by the said Acts, allowed the Importation of Spirits in different Proportions than are specified in the said recited Acts, and of greater Quantities of some of the other Articles imported into the said Island under Licence: And whereas it is expedient that the Regulations of the said Acts should now be made permanent, and the Duties granted by the several Acts be consolidated, and that the Commissioners of

Customs in England and Scotland respectively Ihotdd be authorized to iicenfe the Importation into the said

Island, of the Quantities of licenced Articles heretofore imported under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, under the said Acts9be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day

of Customs may Of j^y One thousand eight hundred and five, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs licences*for ^ngland and Scotland respectively, or any Four of them, and they are hereby required (if the same shall be

Imputation lawfully demanded under the Authority of this Act so to do), to grant their Licences, to be in force until the from any Place Fifth Day of July fucoeeding the granting of such Licences, for the Importation into the Port of Douglas, in into i he Port of the Isle of Many but to no other, in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law,

Douglas of aiul n/\f rtf lrtfn R11vtkan fltnn ITif.w nPrtrtn rtf +Via rtf TXTlnrt Rnn/ltr Anri flanatro frt1!rt«.rtnrt> furtm

certain Quantities of Wine,

Brandy, and Geneva; and fiem Great Britain certain Qu nt'tics of Rum, Tea,

Coffee, and

Commissionerf

|he Isle if Man.

and not of less Burthen than Fifty Tons, of the Quantities of Wine, Brandy, and Geneva, following, from any Port or Place whatever; (that is to say), One hundred and Ten Tons of Wine, Ten thousand Gallons of Foreign Brandy, and Ten thousand Gallons of Foreign Geneva, and no more; and of the Quantities of

Rum, Tea, Coffee, and Tobacco following, from England and Scotland respectively 5 (that is to say), Forty

thousand Gallons of Rum from England, and Twenty thousand Gallons of Rum from Scotland, Fifty thousand Pounds of Bohea Tea, Five thousand Pounds of Green Tea, and Six thousand Pounds of Coffee, and Sixty thousand Pounds of Tobacco from England, and no more, in any One Year; such Tobacco to be exported only from Ports in England where Tobacco is allowed by Law to be imported and warehoused.

Tobacco, in British-built VcHel* of not Id's than 50 Tons Burthen. [«S>r f. 17. ai to additional Alio-vanccx ]

Duties on Im-

II. And be it further enacted, That on the Importation, under any Licences, of any Wine, Brandy,

portation into Geneva, Rum, Tea, Coffee, qr Tobacco, into the said Port of Dotiglasy in the Isle of Many there shall be raised,

levied, collected, and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the respective Duties following, and no more; (that is to say),

For every Tun of French WtRe, containing Two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of Sixteen Pounds: For every Tun of other Wine, containing Two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, the Sum of Twelve Pounds: For every GaHon of Foreign Brandy, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Gallon of Foreign Geneva, the Sum of Three Shillings s For every Pound Weight of Bohea Tea, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight of Green Tea, the Sum of One Shilling

For every Pound Weight of Coffee, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, the Sum of Sixpence;

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity 3 any Thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding. v

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 99. 531

III. And be it farther enacted, That the said Rates and Duties shall be paid in ready Money, without any <ba, l ke Discount or Allowance, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and accounted for, under the ^shout

Authority and Direction, and under the Management and Controul of the Commissioners of Customs in Disc*un"rnd be England for the Time being, in like Manner and Form, and by the same Rules, Regulations, and under such cullr&e/and Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, not hereby altered, and as far as the same are iec<mrrd as applicable, as Duties of Customs in England are raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and accounted for, formtr Dutic«, as fully and efle&ually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties, g"iti^rr, c la and Forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act 5 cWolidated and (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting Fund, for the fame) the said Rates and Duties shall from Time to Time be brought and paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue; and such Part thereof as shall remain after the necessary Expences attending the Government of the said Isle of Mant and the Administration of Justice there, are from Time to Time defrayed, and the Payment of Bounties or Charges from Time to Time payable thereout, shall go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of Crent Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in the said Idand for Receiver General the Time being, shall as soon after the Expiration of each Quarter of every Year, ending on the Fifth Day of of Customs in January, the Fifth Day of April* the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, respectively in each the Island shall Year as the same can be done, make out an Account of the gross Produce of the Duties of Customs payable ^"^AccounT and arising within the said Island in the preceding Quarter, in such Form as shall be directed by the Lords p^duce Commi(Tuners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, for the Time being, and shall transmit and ot Duties of certify a Duplicate of such Account to the Lords Commissionerj of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, Customs, and and another Duplicate so certified to the Auditor for the Time being of the Exchequer, and another thereof rnf«ni1 to the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl* or to the Person entitled for the Time being to any Annuity out thefcof^th* of the Consolidated Fund, to be calculated on any Amount of such Duties under any Act of this Session of Lc* Df the Parliament, or to any Person or Persons appointed by him or them, by Writing, under his or their Hand or Treasury, the Hands, to receive the same; and if any such Receiver General shall refuse or neglect to make out such Auditor of the Account, or to transmit such Duplicates as aforesaid, for the Space of One Month after the same can be done, such Receiver General shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the further Alhoj]i*'

Sum of Two hundred Pounds for eagh and every Month succeeding such first Month, for which he shall omit [See 45 Geo. j. or neglect to make out such Account, or to fend such Duplicate so certified as aforesaid, and to be recovered c. 123.] in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action ot Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no pcn*ly , 001, Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or in any Court in the said Island, and every such Penalty shall go tot

and be applied to the Use of the said John Duke of Athdl, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled*to such Annuity as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept by the Receiver General of the Duties Said Receiver of Customs in the Isle of Man for the Time being, a Book or Books in which the Duties of Customs arising Gf neral shall and payable within the Isle of Man* under any Act or Acts in force relating to such Duties, and under this c"tlr* Dut, ct Act, mall be entered separate and under distinct Heads, specifying the respective Amount of the Duties of Booktob*ke*t Customs on the several Articles licensed under this or any former Act, and the Amount of Duties on Goods, that Parpaft. Wares, or Merchandize paying Duties, according to the Value thereof, and if any of the said Duties, or any

Part or Proportion of any such Duties, shall at any Time hereafter be repealed, altered, or varied, then and ia such Case the Average Produce of the Duties, or Proportion of Duties so repealed, altered, or varied, for the Three Years preceding the Fifth Day of January immediately preceding such Repeal, Alteration, or Variation of such Duties as aforesaid, shall be entered distinctly and Separately in such Book or Books as aforesaid; and if any new Duties shall be granted in lieu of any Duties so repealed, altered, or varied, then and in such Case the Duties or such a Proportion thereof as shall be equal to any Duties so repealed, or to such Proportions of any such Duties as shall be so altered or Varied, shall also be entered distinctly and separately in such Book or Books.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wine shall be imported into the Isle of Man in any Size of Calk* for Calk or Package less than a Hogshead, and no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be imported into the Isle of importing Wine Many (except in Calks, which shall contain One hundred Gallons each at lealt, ) on Forfeiture of all such Wine, "r F«, C, S1' Brandy, or Geneva, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with- all her Tackle, c; c*nUa°r Apparel, and Furniture: Provided also, that no Foreign Brandy or Geneva shall be imported into the Isle of strength of Man as aforesaid of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof, Foreign Brandy, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy or Gepeva.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Wine, Foreign Brandy, or Geneva, shall, upon any Pretence No Wine,

whatever, be removed or carried Coastwise in the said Isle of Many or shall be shipped or laden on board any undy, &c. Ship or Vessel in order to be so removed or carried Coastwise, unless in the Package in which the same was ^r<T u*Tlcfs originally imported into the said Island, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship jn liic on£inai or Vessel on board of which the same shall be shipped or laden, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture: Packet. Provided also, that no Wine shall be removed from one Part of the said Island to another, except in the Nor any Wine original Calk or Package in which the same (halt have been imported mto the Island, or in Bottles, on p* ck7Vor Forfeiture of all such Wine, together with the Horses, Carts, and Carriages, employed in the removing °T

of the same.

VIII. And whereas it is necessary for the Improvement of the said Island, and expedient, to allow a certain For granting Number of live Sheep to be exported from England to the Isle of Man; be it therefore enacted, That it shall Licences for !> lawful foe the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four of thim, to grant their

3 Y 2 Licences, i^ndiutlteI^L>nd«

53* C. 99- 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Licences, to remain in force for Three Months from the Date thereof, for the Exportation, in such Proportions as to Numbers as to the said Commissioners shall appear to be expedient, from the Ports of Whitehaven, Liverpool, or BrifloU in Great Britain, into the Port of Douglas or Ramsey in the Isle of Man, but to no other, any Number of live Sheep not exceeding One hundred in the Whole in any One Year; and such Sheep shall and may be exported accordingly under the Rules, Regulations, Securities, Restrictions, and Forfeitures, so far as the same are applicable, as are contained in an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among ether Things, for preventing the Exportation of live Sneep and Wool, in relation to the Exportation of Wool, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or falsify any Licence or other Document required or directed to be applied for, made, or given under this Act, or shall Knowingly or wilfully make use of any Licence or other Document so counterfeited or falsified, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit Five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever, shall be demanded or taken by the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas, or by any other Officer or Person in the said Island, for or in respect of any Applications made in the l'aid Island for any Bond Licences, nor on Account of any Returu or Certificate of the due Landing of Articles imported by Licence, under the Penalty of Fifty Pcunas.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when and so .often as any Foreign Brandy or Geneva, or Wine, shall be imported by Licence into the Isle of Man in pursuance of this Act, the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported shall deliver up to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Douglas the Licence or Licences by virtue of which such Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine, shall be imported; which Licences, by Indorsement signed by the British Coqful at the Port of Shipping, or, if ho British Consul, by Two known British Merchants, fhalifpecify the Species and Quantity of Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine, with the Marks, Numbers, and Denominations of the Casks or Packages containing the same so shipped onboard such Ship or Vessel; and the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall produce to all Commanders of His Majesty's Cutters or Vessels, or Officers of the Customs or Excise, who shall demand the fame, such Licences so indorsed as often as he shall be so called upon, until so delivered up to the Collector and Comptroller of Dough s as aforesaid, on Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy, Geneva, or Wine.

XII. And whereas it is expedient to allow a Drawback of the Duty on British Hops on the Exportation thereof to the Isle of Man; be it therefore enacted, That on the Exportation of any British Hops to the Isle of Man, there shall be allowed the Drawback of the whole Duty paid thereon; and that on Hops imported into the said Isle of Man from Great Britain, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, a Duty of One Penny Farthing per Pound Weight on all Hops so imported, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties, and for encouraging the Linen Manufa3ure of the Isle of Man, and for allowing

xnav be imoorTcd the Importation of several Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island under certain ReJlriBions and into Great Regulations, should extend to Cotton Yarn and Cotton Cloth, being the Manufacture of the Isle of Man; be

'Britain free under it therefore enacted, That any Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth, being the Manufacture of Isle of Man, shall Regulations of be imported into Great Britain without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatever, subject nevertheless in other Respects to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are required by the before-recited Act on the Importation of any Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Island.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth shall be imported or brought from any Port or Place whatever into the said Isle of Man, except from Great Britain, on Forfeiture thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid for or upon the Exportation from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, of any Manufacture of Silk whatever.

Sec 2S Geo. 3.

c. 38.

Penalty on tjuntei fitting Licence*, &c. 500l.

Mo Fets for Bond-Licences, [See/. 10.] Returns, or Certificates. [See/. 16.] Masters of Vefitis shall deliver Licences for importing Wine or Foreign Brandy, Sec. to the Collector,

and produce same when requir-d, before such Delivery.

Drawback on Hops exported to the Island. Duty on Hops imported from thence ifd. per lb.

Cotton Yarn or Cloth of Manufacture of the Isle of Man

c. 43.

5 G.3.

/ ix — 13.

No Cotton Yarn or Cloth importable except from G. B.

No Bounty on Silk Manufacture imported from C. B. to the Island.

No Drawbacks shall be allowed without production of Cu tificate of landing in the lllc.

Treasury may authorize Commissioners of Customs to grant'Licences for Imporarion of Addi'ional (Quantities of Articles allowed'under this Act. [See/. 1.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed for or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, exported from this Kingdom to the Isle of Many nor any Debenture made out for such Drawback or Bounty, until a Certificate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed to attend the landing or Examination of such Goods at the Port or Place in the said Island where the lame shall be landed, and also the Hand and Seal of the Collector or Comptroller of such Port or Place, which Certificate shall specify that such Goods have been duly entered and landed at such Port or Place in the said Island.

XVII. And whereas it may be expedient, under certain special Circumstances, to permit for a limited Time the Importation into the Isle of Man of a larger Quantity of the several Articles allowed to be imported into the said Island by Licence, under the Authority of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Orders to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, to grant their Licence for the Importation into the Isle of Man of such additional Quantity of the several Articles which are allowed to be imported into the said Island by Licence only, as the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, on the Necessity of the Case being proved to their Satisfaction, shall in their Judgements deem fit and reasonable for the Use and Consumption of the Inhabitants of the said Island.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, at any Time

before the Fifth Day of August in this Year, and afterwards in subsequent Years, between the Fifth Day of May and the Fifth Day of July in each Year, both inclusive, to make Application in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port of Douglas, in the said Island, for the Importation into the said Island of the several Articles allowed by taw to be imported by virtue of Licence; and every such Application shall specify the Date thereof, and the Name, Residence, and Occupation of the Person applying, and the Description and Quantity of the Articles in respect of which such Application is made; and all such Applications, with the Particulars aforesaid, shall, on the Delivery thereof, be entered in a Book to be kept at the Custom House of the Port of Douglas aforesaid for that Purpose, and the Book containing such Entries shall be open at such Custom House (or publick Inspection during the Hours of Business; and on the Fifth Day of August in this Year, and on the Fifth Day of July in each subsequent Year, the said Book shall be doled, and the Collector and Comptroller shall make out, with all convenient Speed, not exceeding Fourteen Days, a true Copy of all such Entries, and certify the same to be a true Copy, and shall deliver or transmit by the earliest Conveyance such Copy to the Governor, if then in the said Island, or if the Governor shall not then be in the Island, to the Lieutenant Governor of the said Island for the Time being, specifying therein the Applicants resident and the Applicants not resident in the said Island, and such Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall thereupon allot the whole Quantities of each Article in respect whereof such Application shall be made, in the first Place, among the Applicants resident in the said Island, and in case the Whole of such Quantities shall not have been applied for by Kefldents, then the Residue among the non-resident Applicants, in such Proportions as he shall judge most fair and equitable, and shall cause a Report thereon to be drawn up in Writing, and sign and transmit the same to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and shall cause Duplicates of such Report so signed to b$ transmitted to the Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively; and thereuponlt shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and respectively, to grant Licences (to continue in force for any Period until the Fifth Day of July

next ensuing the granting thereof) for the Importation of the several Articles and wuantities thereof allowed by Law to be imported into the ljle of Man, which Licences the said respective Commissioners of Customa are hereby authorized and required to grant for such Periods as shall be specified or allowed in any such Order, and to divide any Quantity or any Articles in respect whereof any Application shall have been'made into two or more Licences to the same Person, where Application shall be made for that Purpose, and the same shall appear to be expedient; and such Licences shall without Delay be transmitted to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas, for the Purpose of taking Bond under the Provisions of this Act previous to the Delivery thereof to the different Applicants; any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to allow Prize Spirits and Wine to be imported into the said Island from Great Britain, in Whole or in Part, of the Quantities of the said Articles which are allowed to be imported by Licence as aforesaid; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Application* for Importation under Licences shall lie made yearly between 5 May and 5 Jul): ai-d shall Lie api> tiioned and d o od by the Governor, &c.

Treasury nroy allow Importation of Prize Spirits and Wine into the Island.

XX. And be it further enacted, That previous to delivering any Licences to the Persons who have applied Persons applying

for the fame, the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas shall take their Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and entertnto CBmid^ Successors, with sufficient Security, for the Importation of such Articles in respect whereof the said Licences fo/ihe*

are granted, on or before the Fifth Day of July succeeding the Delivery of such Licences, with such Condition importation of for the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the whole Amount of the Duties on the Articles Articles specified in the said Licences, as the respective Commissioners of Customs, under any Directons from according!*, the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; and

on the Refusal or Delay of any such Persons applying for Licences as aforesaid to give Bond as herein directed, the said Collector and Comptroller shall return such Licence to the Commissioners of Customs who transmitted the fame; and thereupon the said Collector and Comptroller shall give publick Notice thereof, in order that other Persons may apply for. Licences in lieu of any such Licences returned as aforesaid; and Applications may be made, and Licences granted thereon, in like Manner as in this Act directed for the granting of Licences until Bond shall have been given for the Importation of the Whole of the Quantities allowed to be imported under this Act; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July, all Duties granted by and Tonnage Ihity now payable under any Act or Acts now in force on the Tonnage of any Ships or Vessels entering inwards or outwards, in any Port of Great Britain or Ireland from or to the Isle of Many shall wholly cease and determine, [See*43

c. 68. Schedule (A.) Toll*111.\

XXII. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of the several Articles in this Act mentioned All Regulation*

from Great Britain, and on the Importation of the same respectively into the IJleof Man, pursuant to this- Act, , norCc relating all the Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Good*

Parliament in force relating to such Goods respectively so imported or exported, and to the Payment, extended to this Recovery, and Appropriation of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto, shall, and all the Clauses, A6L Provisions, Regulations, restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts, or Law m

force, in relation to the Isle of Man* shall, so far as they are not hereby altered or varied, or in respect of which no other Provisions are made by this Act, be and aje hereby declared to be in full Force, and to extend to this Act, and shall be construed therewith, and as Part thereof, so far as the same respectively apply, as fully as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

534

C. ioo.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

No Spirits shall be distil ed in England or Scot I nd for Exporutiun to cither

respectively, ' within One Mile of any House «rc<ftfed for Sale of British Spirits by WMolefale or for di(Tilling Spirits for Foreign Exportation or Home

Consumption.

Penalty 500l. and Forfeiture of Still, See.

Proviso for Per Tons not distilling for Exportation to England or Scotland,

and fur such 1 Pillillert not concerned in Sale of B.inlh Spirits.

Content of Waft)

Stills for such D'ft'llatio not less than 3000 Gallons.

Low Wine Still I-4M1 thereof. Make and Proportions of the Stills.

Still fh .11 he ^jrefum- d to be Cha.grd wi*h Wall* to 5ths of it» Content S'x Times a Week.

Ch irge on Su plus 20*. per Gallon, reckoning 18 Gallons Spirit* for too Gallons Wash.

CAP. C.

An Act for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation to England; for the better securing the Duties payable thereon; and for altering the Time of making Entry, and granting Licences to distil Spirits for Scotland.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established for securing the Duties on Spirits made in England

v for Exportation to Scotland, and made in Scotland for Exportation to England, have been found

inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make further < Regulations for securing those Duties be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, no Person shall make or distil in England any Spirits for Exportation to Scotland, or in Scotland for Exportation to England, in any House or Place entered or not entered, within the Distance of One Mile from any House or Place entered for keeping British Spirits for Sale in Quantities of Two Gallons or upwards, or within the like Distance from any House or Place which shall then be, or within One Year immediately preceding shall have been, entered for making or distilling Spirits for Exportation to Foreign Parts, or for making or distilling Spirits in England for the Consumption of Engh nd, or in Scotland for the Consumption of Scotland; nor mall any Person make or distil in England any Spirits for the Consumption of England, or in Scotland for the Consumption of Scotland; or make use of any House or Place for the keeping of British Spirits for Sale in Quantities of Two Gallons or upwards, within the like Distance of One Mile from any House or Place entered, or which shall within One Year immediately preceding have been entered, for making or distilling Spirits for Exportation from any One of the said Parts of the United Kingdom to the other of them; on Pain of forfeiting in every such Case the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, together with all and every Still, MafhTun, Cooler, Wash Batch, and other Utensils 5 and also all the Spirits, Wort, Wash, or other Materials fit or proper for Distillation, which shall be found in any such House or Place as aforesaid, entered or used contrary to the Directions of this Act 5 and all and every such Still, MafhTun, Cooler, Wash Batch, and other Utensils, and Spirits, Wort, Wadi, or other Materials, may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person not being such Distiller of Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, nor concerned or interested in any such Distillery, from entering and making use of any House or Place for keeping British Spirits for Sale in Q uantities of Two Gallons or upwards, within any Distance not less than One hundred Yards of any House or Place which shall be, or which, within One Year immediately preceding, shall have been, entered for distilling or making Spirits for Exportation to ^England or Scotland respectively; nor shall any Thing in this Act extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any DlftiHer or Distillers in England or Scotland respectively for Exportation as aforesaid, from making Entry of any House or Place for distilling Spirits for such Exportation, within any Distance not less than One hundred Yards of any House or Place which shall be, or which, within One Year immediately preceding, shall have been entered for keeping British Spirits for Sale in Quantities of Two Gallons or upwards, provided such Distiller shall not ha/e any Concern or Interest in the Trade or Bnfiness carried on in any such House or Place entered for keeping BritJJj Spirits for Sale as aforesaid

II. And be it further enacted, That* it shall not be lawful for any Distiller of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, nor for any Distiller of Spirits in Scotland for Exportation to England, to make Entry of, or keep, use, or employ any Wash Still of less Content or Capacity than Three thousand Gallons, including the Head, nor any Low Wine Still of larger Content or Capacity, including the Head, than One Fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of the Wash Still used or employed by such Distiller.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Distiller of Spirits for Exportation to E ngland or Sc tland respectively, to keep, use, or employ any Still for distilling Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, except such as shall be of the following Proportions; (that is to say), the Diameter of such Still to betaken in the widest Part thereof shall not exceed the Altitude thereof, ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre «f the Bottom of such Still to the Centre of the Collar or Lip of the fame, exclusive of the Head, in a greater Proportion than One Half of such Altitude, nor shall the Diameter at the Bottom of such Still exceed the Altitude thereof, nor shall the Bottom of such Still be otherwise curved than inwards or towards the Body thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every entered Wash Still belonging to such Distiller of Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, shall every Time the same shall be worked be presumed to be charged with Wort or Wash in the Proportion of Four Parts in Five of the Content or Capacity of such Still including the Head thereof, according to the Average Rates herein after specified, (that is to say), for such Time or Times as such Wash Still shall be worked the same shall be presumed to be charged as aforesaid, at the average Rate of not less than Six Times in each Week; and such Wash Still shall not be charged or worked oftnner than Six Times in each Week on an Average of the Time for which such Still shall be worked in.any One Year, reckoning from the First Day of October; and if any Distiller shall charge his or her Wash Still oftener than-Six Times a Week on an Average during the Continuance of such Entry in any One Year, he shall for every Working beyond such Average be charged with and pay Duty at and after the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Gallon, computed at the Produce of Eighteen Gallons of Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which such Wash Still would require to charge it Four Parts in Five of its Contents 5 such Duty to be appropriated and applied in

+5° GEORGII III.

C. 100.

535

such Manner ms the Duties on British Spirits imposed by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof are directed to be appropriated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively shall be permitted to make Entry of any House or Place for the making or diddling of Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, to commence working at any other Period than the First Day of October in each Year, and that every WaJh Still after the working thereof shall have commenced shall be presumed to be kept regularly at work for the Space of Three Calendar Months successively at the lead, to be computed from the Day of beginning to work the fame; and no Person or Persons who shall have begun to work any such Wash Still as aforesaid shall beat liberty to discontinue or to withdraw the Entry of any such Wash Still, after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, until the Expiration of the said Term of Three Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid; and if any such Distiller shall be desirous to discontinue the working of any such Wadi Still as aforesaid, at the End of the said Term of Three Calendar Months, or at any subsequent Period previous to the First Day of October then next ensuing, he or die shall and is hereby required to give to the proper Officer of Excise Fifteen Days previous Notice in Writing of such his or her Intention to discontinue the working such Wadi Still

VI. And be it further enacted, That no such House or Place entered for making Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland as aforesaid, shall be entered or used for diddling or making Spirits for the Consumption of that Part of the United Kingdom in which the same is situated, within the Year (reckoning from the First Day of October) in which any such House, or Place shall have been entered or used for making or diddling Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, nor until all the Worts and Wash remaining shall have been actually diddled into Spirits, and the Whole of the Spirits so made or diddled for Exportation to England or Scotland as aforesaid, actually and bond side exported to England or Scotland as the Case may require.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller for Exportation to England or Scotland as aforesaid shall produce, and duly export to England or Scotland, as the Case may require, at lead Eighteen Gallons of Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made by such Distiller, and if any such Distiller shall neglect or refuse to produce, and duly export to England or Scotland, as the Case may require, at lead Eighteen Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, or shall not produce and so export as aforesaid a Quantity of Spirits at the said Strength, equal to the Quantity which ought to be produced by regularly "working his or her Wash Still, charged in the Proportion and worked the average Number of Times herein-before required, such Distiller for every such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid shall, for the whole Quantity of Spirits which mail appear to be deficient, be charged with and pay Duty for the same at and after the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirits fe deficient, such Duty to be appropriated and applied in such Manner as the Duties on British Spirits imposed by the said Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, are directed to be appropriated and applied.

VIII. Provided always, That if it shall at any Time be made appear by sufficient Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland as the Case may require, that the average working of the Wash Still, according to the Directions of this Act, was absolutely interrupted and prevented by unavoidable Accident or Necessity, (the Nature and Extent of such Accident or Necefuty being

43G.3.C. 9.

Si ill shall commence working ot) t ft October yearly, and not be discontinued 'ill after 3 Month*.

Relief from the Payment of the aforesaid Duty, for so much of any such Deficiency occasioned by such Interruption or Prevention of working the Wash Stills, as in their Judgement shall appear reasonable and just.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take, remove, or carry away, or aid or assist in taking, removing, or carrying away any Spirits from any House or Place entered for making or diddling Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, or from any Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Room, or other Placer in which any Spirits so made or distilled shall be lodged or deposited (except for the sole Purpose of conveying or having the same conveyed or exported directly to England or Scotland, as the Case may require), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above all Penalties or Forfeitures to which the Proprietor or Maker of such Spirits might or maybe liable 5 and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise and all other Persons a&iftg in his or their Aid, to flop, arrest, and detain all and every the Person or Persons so taking, removing, or carrying away, or aiding or amfting in taking, removing, or carrying away any Spirits as aforesaid, and to convey the said Person or Persons before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Stewartry, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Person shall be so flopped, arrested, or detained as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, on Confession of the Party or on Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Person or Persons so flopped, arrested, or detained as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons so convicted, shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of One hundred Pounds into the Hands of the Officer of Excise who shall have conveyed such Offender before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner hereiii-after directed; and on such Offender or Offenders refusing or neglecting to pay the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid (nail, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Stewartry; Division; City, or Liberty, respectively, there to remain, and to be kept to hand Labour for the

Spaco

No H use entered forj

distilling for Exportation to England or Scotland shall be used for diliiUing for internal Consumption. Such Distillcrt ftnlj pr >duce 1$ GallonnofSpi : l* for every 100 Gallon, of Wash, or pav 20s. for each Gallon deficient.

43 G. 3. c. 69.

In Cases of Accident,

Com mifT oner* of Excise may give tcbe£.

Penalty on

P ifon* removing or

afiiiting in removing Spirits otherwise than for such Exportation, 100J. or 11 Months Imprisonment.

C. ioo

Officers of Excise (hfll keep an Account of

Quantities

distilled, and return the same tj the ColicAor of Eacife.

A Sample shall be taken from each Calk, See.

43 C. 3. c. 69.

DistiPers once in Six or Seven Weeks (Hal! make out an Account of Quantities dillilled and exported, and return the same verified on Oath to the Coilcdor of Excise.

Penalty 200l.

r

Distillers shall give Bond with Two Sureties for the Performance of the Regulations of this and other Act.

Bntry shall be

nmdeonly for 1st October yearly.

Penalties of Perjury on fa!fe Oaths.

45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1865.

Space of Twelve Calendar Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction; and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they shall have paid the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, or until £he Expiration of the said Twelve Calendar Months

X. And be it further enacted, That the principal or superior Officer of Excise, who shall be appointed or employed to survey or inspect the Operations of any Distiller distilling or making Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, shall keep an exact and true Account of all Wort or Wash, brewed, or made, or distilled into Spirits by every such Distiller as aforesaid, whose Operations he shall be appointed or employed to survey or inspect, and also of the actual Quantity of Spirits, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be distilled, made, or produced by such Distiller as aforesaid, and shall also calculate the Quantity of Spirits computed at the said Strength which such Distiller ought to produce, according to the Quantity of Wort or Wash brewed or made by such Distiller, reckoning Eighteen Gallons of such Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wafti; and such Officer shall also calcinate the Quantity of Spirits, computed at the Strength aforesaid, which ought to be produced according to the Proportions in which such Distiller is herein-before presumed to charge his or her Wash Still each Time of working the fame, and also according to the average Number of Times in each Week which each Wash Still is hereby presumed to be worked; and such Officer shall once in every Six or Seven Weeks make out and return to the proper Collector of Excise, or such other Person as the respective Commissioners of Excise shall direct to receive the same, an Account of such real Quantities of Wort, Wash, and Spirits as aforesaid, and also of such calculated and computed Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise who shall attend the warehousing or making up of British Spirits distilled or made for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, to take a Sample not exceeding Half a Pint English out of every Vat, Calk, or other Utensil in which such Spirits shall be made up and stored, which Sample after the Strength shall have been ascertained, shall be labelled with the Number of such Vat, Calk, or Utensil, and the Day and Year when taken, and shall be sealed and securely kept under the joint Locks of the proper Surveyor or Supervisor and Officer until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Spirits to which such Samples refer shall have been duly certified to have been exported and landed in England or Scotland as the Case may require; and at the Expiration of such Three Months every fHch Sample shall be sold under the Direction of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland, and the Produce thereof, after deducing the Changes of keeping and felling the fame, shall be applied as follows, (that is to say) a Sum after the Rate of Three Shillings ter Gallon shall be paid to the Distiller or Distillers from whose Stock the same was taken, and the Residue shall be paid into the Exchequer, and be appropriated and applied as Duties arising from British Spirits are by the said Acts of the Forty-third Year aforesaid directed to be appropriated and applied.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively as aforesaid, shall once in every Six Weeks or Seven Weeks make out and deliver to the proper Collector of Excise or other Person appointed or employed by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland to receive the same, an Account of the Quantity of Worts or Wash brewed or made by such Distiller within such Six Weeks or Seven Weeks, and of the Quantity cf such Wort or Wash actually distilled into Spirits within the same Period, and also of the Quantity of Spirits computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof which have been actually distilled or made by such Distiller within such Period, together with an Account of such Spirits computed at the Strength aforesaid, which shall have been sent, shipped, or exported within the same Period to or for England or Scotland as the Case may require, and every such Distiller shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account before such Collector or other Officer of Excile as aforesaid,

{ which Oath such Collector or other Person is hereby required and empowered to administerl; and if auy uch Distiller as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Account as aforesaid, or to verify the same on Oath, he, she, or they shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That before any Person shall begin to prepare or brew any Wort or Wash to be distilled or made into Spirits for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, every such Person shall give Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the respective Commissioners 01 Excise in England or Scotland\ or other Person or Persons appointed or employed by them respectively for that Purpose, (which Bond the said respective Commissioners of Excise or other Persons as aforesaid are hereby authorized and required to take in His Majesty's Name), himself or herself in the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and the Sureties in the Bond jointly and severally in the Penalty of Five Shillings for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of the Wash Still or Wash Stills including the Head or Heads thereof, kept, used, or employed by such Distiller, conditioned for his or her duly and truly observing, conforming to, performing, and executing all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in this Act; and in Default of entering into such Bond, every Entry made by any such Distiller as aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be allowed to make Entry of any House or Place in England for distilling Spirits for Exportation to Scotland, nor in Scotland for Exportation to England, at any other Period or Time than on the First Day of October in each Year; nor shall any Licence be granted for distilling Spirits as aforesaid, to commence at any other Day or Time than the First Day of October, any Law or Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which an Oath is by this Act required to be taken, shall be liable to the Paias and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Penury.

C. 100 — 102

537

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be Recovery of sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods (except where otherwise specmlly Penalt»c*-directed by this Act) as any Pain, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of E>cife, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XVII. And Whereas it will be for the Accommodation of the Trade to permit the Distillers in Scotland to Distilfcn in

make Entry and take out Licences for distilling Spirits for the Consumption of Scotland to commence on the for

First, Day of October in each Year, inilead of the Tenth Day of November in each Year; be it therefore enacted, Consumptfo* That, from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distiller or Distillers in may make Scotland to make Entry of their Works, and take out a Licence or Licences to commence on the First Entry and take Day of October in each Year instead of the Tenth Day of November; and the Commissioners of Excisejn ^oa^er*0*1 Scotland\ or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to permit such Entry and to grant {nflca|<| of Votk' such Licence accordingly, any Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided November always, that no such Licence (nailbe granted to commence and take effect on any other Day than the First Day yearly.

of October in each Year, nor for any longer or shorter Period than for One complete Year.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend Former Act*

to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating 'vher^\

to the Distillation of Spirits, save and except so far as any such Act for Acts, or the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers,

or Authorities therein contained or granted, are repealed, revoked, altered or controuled by this present Act 5 jn f0ice. any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to restrain the Difpcfition of Lands, whereby the same become unalienable, as rertrains Colleges within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided. [icth July 1805.X

WHEREAS it is amongst other Things provided by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of 9g. c. j<. 4 His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to refrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby / 5*

the same become unAienabk, that no College or House of Learning in either of the Two Universities within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, which doth or shall hold or enjoy so many Advowsons of Ecclesiastical Benefices as are or shall be equal in Number to One Moiety of the Fellows, or Persons usually holdup styled or reputed as Fellows, or where there are or shall be no Fellows, or Persons usually styled or reputed Advowson*

4 as Fellows, to One Moiety of the Students upon the Foundation whereof any such College or House of repealed.

Learning doth or may by the present Constitution of such College or House of Learning consist, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and thirty*fix, be capable of purchasing, acquiring, receiving, taking, holding, or enjoying, any other Advowsons of Ecclesiastical

4. Benefices by any Means whatever, the Advowsons of such Ecclesiastical Benefices as are annexed to or given for the Benefit or better Support of the Head ships of any of the said Colleges or Houses of Learning, nrtt being computed in the Number of Advowsons hereby limited: And whereas the above Restriction has been found by Experience to operate to the Rejudice of such Colleges or Houses of Learning, by rendering the Succession too (low: And whereas the Removal of such Restriction will be for the Benefit of such College*

4 or Houses of Learning, and of the said Universities, and will tend to the Promotion of Learning, and to the providing a better Supply of fit and competent Parochial Ministers be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and /Temporal, and,

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Statute as is herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. CII.

An Act to revive and continue an Act made in the Thiry-first Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken* cured, and exported. [loth July 1805.]

" 3 1 G. 3. c. 45. (last continued by 37 G. 3. c. 9?.) recited; and revived and continued for Seven Years, from«24th June 1805, $ i. — Expence! of parting this Act shall be paid by Parties receiving the Bounty, § a. — «Publick Act, §3."

v

4; Geo. III., ?Z*, C£P.

S3& O.103, 104.

450 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Dj'ic* oil Straw Plaiting and Stiaw liars or Bonaicts ir»poit((i i-to Great Britain. Daliry.

Cap. cm.

An Act for charging additional Duties of Custorri's on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets, innpoited into Great Britain. [icth July 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act Scficdale (A.) to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, attd to grant other Duties in lieu thereof and by several Acts subsequent thereto, certain Duties of Customs were imnofed on Platting or other Manufactures of Straw to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, and also on Straw Hats or Bonnets imported into Great Britain y And whereas it is expedient, in order to afford every Encouragement to the Manufacture of Straw platted in Great Britain, to increase the Duties now payable on Foreign Platting and other Manu*

failures of Straw used or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, and also on Foreign Straw Hats and Bonnets imported into Great Britain : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in Addition to* the Duties granted by the find first recited All, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Foreign Platting and other Manufactures of Straw, used or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, and also upon all Foreign Straw Hats and Bonnets imported into Great Britain, the several new and additional Duties of Customs following; (that is to say),

For each and every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Platting or other Manufactures of Straw to be used ia or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, an additional Duty of Seven Shillings:

For each and every Dozen of Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, an additional Duty of One Pound Sixteen Shillings:

And for each and every Dozen of Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding Twenty-two Inches in Diameter, an additional Duty of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings:

And there shall also be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, PIi3 Heirs and Successors, from and after the said passing of this AC1, for and in relpeCl of evciy One hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the aforesaid Duties of Customs by this Act granted, Inch and the like further or additional Duties of Customs, as well temporary as permanent, as by another Act passed in the Forty-third Year aforesaid, intituled, A3, shallbc paid An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present IVar and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, according to additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage Rates m 43G.3. Of shipt anj jrejpif \n Great Britain; ana by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's eign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War and for Six Months after the Ex-

c. 70. jf

44 G. 3. c. 33. w^w^_ __

and, piration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into Great Britain, ana on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize brought or carried

45 «3-c. 19. Coastwise within Great Britain; and by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into or brought or carried Coastwise; were granted for and in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs by the said first recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid granted on Foreign Platting and other Manufactures of Straw used or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, and also on Foreign Straw Hats and Bonnets imported into Great Britain

li The Duties shall be collected, &c. as former Duties, §2."

Additional per Conrage l)utie«, on the Produce fthe Duties granted by this

CAP. CIV.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors diAilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

[loih July 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better securing the Duties of Evcife on Spirits distilled m*v Ireland, and for encouraging the Exportation of such Spirits, by warehousing the same without

Payment of Duty 5* be it enacted by the King's rood Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent No Personin of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Ik land thall Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall have, or keep, or make use of, any Still or other

krepa Sr 111 Utensil far distilling Spirits in Ireland, without having first obtained a Licence for keeping and using the

frui^CommTf-0 ^ame from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Inland Excise in Ireland, in the Form following 5

fumcriof iixcise. (that is to say).

Futmof Lcence.

4 B. of is for A.B. and C.D. of are] hereby licensed to have, keep,

4*and make use of the Still [or. Stills] after mentioned; that is to say;

4 No. I. A Still, the Body whereof contains Gallons, and which said Still, with the Head

thereof, and every Appendage thereto included, contains Gallons, the Diameter of the said

Still at the widest Part thereof most remote from the Bottom, being Inches; the Altitude of the said Still from the Centre of the said Diameter to the Bottom being Inches; the Diameter of the

Bottom of the said Still, taken in an horizontal Line, being Inches; and the J)iameter of the

Bottom of the Neck of the said Still being Inches. [And, in case of more than one Still, Also, one

other Still; (that is say),

4 No. II.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 104* $39

4 No. II. A Still [fp?c1fying in like Manner every Still diJKn8ly> with the Number, Contents, end Dimensions thereof for which fuel Licence shall be granted,] The said Still [or, Stills] to be had, kept, and used in the

Distillery of the said A.B. [or, A.B. and C. Z).] situate at in the Pariflvof

in the County [City, or Town] of

This Licence to remain in full force ui\til the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date'hereof.

Witness my Hand [or, our Hands] this Day of

and

witness, L. M. Secretary to the Commissioners of Excise."

Provided always, That Persons in Partnership carrying on the Business of Distilling shall not be obliged to take One Licenrc for out more than one such Licence. Partners.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend, and be Minors, brin* construed to extend, to any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, in whose Name or for whose Dinilicr.<, made Use or Benefit any DHlillery shall be e' ercifed, managed, or carried on, and such Person shall be liable to all hibietoilm Act* Duties of Excise on account of such Distillery, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully,

to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person were adult and of full Age

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of charging the Duty on Spirits, the Content of any Mode of

Still shall be estimated according to the Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head and estimating every Appendage to such Head as high as the Steam can ascend, shall be actually capable of containing; and Contents of Still, if any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall exceed byJFour Gallons the Content specified in the Licence

to such Distiller, as being the Content of such Still, every such Still so exceeding in Content shall be deemed f/c"edln°nc^n-an unlicensed Still, and shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Person or Persons in whose Possession the i*ni]iccn(ed to!, same shall be found, or who shall have used the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Still for distilling of Spirits in Ireland shall be of the Proportions Still shall be. following: The Diameter of such Still, to be taken in the widest Part of such Still, and in that Place of made inccrtaiiv such widest Part as shall be moil remote from the Bottom of such Still, shall be to the Altitude of such Still Proportion*, ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter so taken to the Bottom of such Still, in

the Proportion of not more than Three to One, ttyat is to say, for every Inch of such Altitude, such Diameter shall not exceed Three Inches, and so in Proportion; and that the Diameter of the Bottom of such Still, to be taken in an horizontal Line, shall not be equal to thegreatest Diameter thereof taken as aforesaid, and shall not be less than Three-fifths of such greatest Diameter, nor shall the Bottom of any such Still be otherwise curved than inwards or towards the Body of such Still.

V. And be it further enacted, That before any such Licence shall ke granted to any Person to have, keep, Drscription of or make use of any Still or Stills, the Person applying for the same shall transmit to the Commissioners of Stil t required ra Excise in Dullin, a Drawing or Rep reformation of each and every Still for which such Person shall require^fe^rotbe* a Licence, setting forth the Number, Content, Shape, Dimensions, and Proportions of such Still, measured Commissioneri and specified according to the Directions of this Act, for their Approbation; and in case such Commissioners of Excise. shall disapprove of any such Still or Stills for not being conformable to such Directions, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered to refuse granting a Licence for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring such Licence shall also make out, sign, and To obtain such deliver to the Collector of the District, an Account in Writing, to be entered*and vegiftcred in the Office Licence, the of Evcifc of tl»e District in which such Still or other ITtenfil for distilTing is to be kept or used, containing Party shall

his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode 5 and the Place where the Distillery con- In the

taining such Still or other Utensil is or shall be situated, and the Number of Stills, Still Head", and Worms, office

intended to be kept there, and the Number of Gallons which the Body of each such Still is capable of confining ibe containing, and also the Number of Gallons which each such Still is capable of containing, together with P; «uKuiar*'»fMi the Head thereof, and every other Appendage thereto included; and shall also in like Manner make out. Name, and the sign, and deliver an Account in Writing, to be so entered vand registered as aforesaid, of all Coppers, Vats,

Kceves, Backs, Coolers, Vessels, and other Utensils whatever, to be used in such Distillery, and also of the a^Stor^ cd* several Stores, Apartments, and Places wherein any Part of the Business of such Distillery is to be carried wh ch tnrry the on, or wherein any Materials for distilling of Spirits, or any Spirits are to be kept or stored; and in such Golictfoi thaii written Account, the Person making the same shall distinguish every such. Still, Still-Head, or Worm, giveaCertiticare. and also every such Copper, Vat, Kecve, Back. Cooler, Vessel, and other Utensil, and also every such Store, Apartment, and Place, by separate Numbers relating to each Article, in arithmetical Progrcffion, beginning with Number t.; and upon every fu» h Still, Still-Head, or Worm, and upon every such Copper,

Vat, Reeve, B?ck, Cooler, Vessel, and Utensil, and also upon the outside of the Door of cvCry such Store,

Apartment, and Place, shall paint, or cause to be painted, with Oil Colour in Black or White, and shall keep thereon so painted, the Number thereof respectively in Conformity with such Account; and that the Sur. vc) or of Excise within whose Survey such Distillery shall be situate, shall at the Bottom of every such Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the Collector, certify the Truth of such Account, by signing his Name thereto; and thereupon the Collector of E>cife of the District shall file or enter and register such Account in the Office of E cife of the District, tmd shall grant a Certificate of flick Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof signed by him; and such Account and Registry, and every such Certificate thereof, shall be Evidence on any Question that {haft -or may arise, or oa any Information in cou-ft qiicncc of or touching any of the Provisions of this Act.

3Z2 VII. And

One thousand eight hundred E. F. Commissioner of E:; cife.

or

E. FV

*G.H. J* Commissioners of Excise.

11

I.K.\

54° (XIC4-. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Oath and Bond -

VII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep any of Party lie. used. Still, such Person shall take and subscribe the Oath following; (that is to say),

4 T A* B. of Distdler, do make Oath, that I will not use, or suffer to be used, any Copper

4*-for diddling or making any Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, or for any other Purpose than boiling Water for brewing Pot Ale, or cleaning the Vessels in my Distillery; and that I will not use, or suffer to be used, any Still in making or diddling Spirits from Wash, Low Wines, or Singlings, other than the identical Still and Stills by me previously entered and registered in the Office of Ecife; and that I will not use or work, or suffer to be used or worked, any Still in diddling Spirits from Wash, Low Wines, or Singlings, of which Notice shall have beeft given by me to discontinue Work, without having given such Notices as are required by Law, to be given of again commencing to work; and that I will not directly or indirectly be concerned in the rectifying or compounding of any Spirits during such Time as I shall be licensed to diflil Spirits. 4 So help me GOD.'

Licences shutMsc dinned by One

Licences to

Chv mills,

A(1

£tc.

And such Person shall also, with Two sufficient Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty after the Rate of Three Pounds for each Gallon of the Content of each Still to be

licensed, the Body and Head inclusive, conditioned for the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money

as shall be chargeable by Law on such Person for the Duties on Spirits oi*"strong Waters diddled by such Person, or with which such Person shall be charged under and by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or .Acts in force in Ireland relating to such Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence to have, keep, or make use of any Still or Stills, shall be signed by One or more of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise in Ireland, if the Still to be CmiiKiffi.intr in licensed is situated in any City, Town, or Borough, fending a Member to Parliament; and by Three of the Throe'ci fewhere, Commissioners at lead, if such Still be situated in any other Part of Ireland; and shall be of Force from aiu! shall be in the Date thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September then next following, and no longer.

Jvrcc to 19'b Sepltn»ber, yca.ly.

N > Still foil! be

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for the keeping or using any Still, the 500 GallonsCf Body of which shall not be capable of containing Five hundred Gallons at the lead.

Commissioners X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Ihe said Commissioners of Inland Excise,

fnay refuseor in their Discretion, to refuse to grant any such Licence to any Person or Persons to keep a Still or Stills; revoke Licences. and also to withdraw any such Licence in case any Still or Stills for which such Licence shall be granted-shall be removed to any Place other than the Place mentioned in such Licence, or in case such Person so licensed shall have been convicted of any Fraud or Offence against the Laws, which shall subject such Person to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds or upwards; and it shall and may also be lawful for such Commissioners of Excise, to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person to keep any Still or Stills in any Distillery which fl^all have been occupied by any Person so convicted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Collector of Excise within his Didridl, upon Application for that Purpose, to grant, without any Fee, a Licence to any Chymid, Apothecary, or Druggid, to keep or make use of one or more Still or Stills of such Dimensions, not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content, and no other, as shall be specified in such Licence for diddling Medicinal Compounds or Cordials, or Cordial or Medical Waters only; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, to grant a Licence to any such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, to keep or make use of one or more Still or Stills, at their Discretion, not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content each, for the diddling of Medical Waters, or for making Experiments and Discoveries in Natural Philosophy, and such Licences shall be in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date thereof respectively: Provided, that before any such Licence shall be granted, every Chymid, Apothecary, Druggid, or other Person applying for the fame, shall, previous to the granting of such Licence, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, with one or more Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, conditioned that such Chymid, Apothecary, Druggid, or other Person, shall not didil or fell any Spirits whatsoever other than and except Medicinal Compounds and Cordial Waters, nor lend or let out any such Still to any Person whatsoever; and iu case of any Breach of the Condition of such Bond, such Licence shall, immediately after Judgement had upon such Bond, be null and void.

XII. And it further enabled, That no Person licensed as a Distiller under this Act, shall re6lify or compound any Spirits; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners df Excise to grant any Licence to rectify or compound Spirits to any such Distiller so licensed under this Act, or to any Person in trud or for the account of such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall rectify or compound any Spirits, or shall be directly or indirectly concerned or engaged in the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and his or her Licence to didil shall be and is hereby declared to be void.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall be licensed to fell or deal in home-made Spirits not distilled by such Distiller, or to fell or deal in foreign Spirits on Commission or otherwise 5 and that no Distiller shall receive or deal in or fell any Spirits by Commission or otherwise, except such Spirits as shall have been diddled in some Distillery of such Distiller duly entered and licensed according to this Act; and if any such Distiller shall receive or fell or deal in any home-made or foreign Spirits by Commission, or otherwise, contrary to this Act, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Distdler shad brew or make any Liquor from Corn, malted or not brew Ale or unmalted, other than Pot-Ale, to be diddled by him; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of E cife to charge

all Liquor made or brewed from Corn, malted or unmalted, in the PofieCion of any Distiller, as Pot-Ale or

Wash,

Distillfr* foal!

not be ltci£tifi.rs.

Penalty tool, and Fm future of L cen tc.

Did iller so ill not be I cen fed as a Fail or.

Penalty 20l.

Distillers fonll

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 104. 541

Wash, for the Purpose of difl tiling, is by this Act chargeable; and in case any Pot-Ale or Liquor brewed or made from Corn, malted or unmalted, shall be found in the Possession of such Distiller, not duly declared by him, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Nine Gallons of such Pot Ale or other Liquor: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for every such Distiller to have in his Dwelling House a reasonable Quantity of Beer and Ale for the Use of himself and liis Family.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall have or keep or make use of any Still, Still- Penalty on Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, or other Vessel or Utensil whatever for the making of or>cr, on? Having in distilling of Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, or for the brewing, making, or fermenting any Wort, urenfil not Wash, or Pot Ale, (wherewith to dtftil Low Wines, Singlings Or Spirits) not set forth or not numberedicguJcrcITaoI. as set forth, or in any other Place than shall be set forth in the Account by this Act required to be made and and Forfeiture, delivered by*such Distiller, and filed, entered, and registered as aforesaid, on requiring his Licence; or if any

Distiller shall have, keep, or make use of any other Still, Still-Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Vessel, or other Utensil, than shall have been set forth in such Account, Entry, or Registry, without having given Four Days Notice in Writing to the Collector or other Superior Officer of the District, and

to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of his or her Distillery, and without an Account thereof being made out, signed, delivered, entered, and registered in Manner aforesaid, fqch Distiller shall forfeit for every such Still, Still-Head, Worm, Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, or other Utensil, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Still or Still Head, or Worm of a Still, shall be found in Still, Still-Heads,

the Possession of any Person whomsoever (except a Brazier, or Person following the Trade of making or and Worms may

repairing Stills) the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Evcife, Justice of the Peace, ^teired if

or Peace Officer, or by any licensed Distiller, unless a Licence to the Person in whose Possession the same shall be found for keeping such Still, Still-Head, or Worm, shall be produced, and delivered to be read at the implements Time when such Officer of Excise, Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or licensed Distiller, shall find such and Spirit* Still, Still-Head, or Worm; and every Person in whose Possession any such Still, Still-Head, or Worm, shall forfeited, be found, without such Licence being so produced, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each such Still,

Still Head, or Worm respectively, and all other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, or commonly made use of

in the Pnocefs of Distillation; and all Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot Ale, Malt, or Corn, and

all Materials for making Spirits, found in the Possession of any such Person as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and

may be seized in Manner aforesaid, and such Vessels or Utensils may be destroyed, and such Wash or Pot Ale

may be spilled, or otherwise disposed of, as herein after mentioned: Provided always, that if any Still, Still t St5|«s

Head, or Worm, shall be found upon the Road conveying by a proper Permit to any Distiller duly licensed or conveying by

from such Distiller to any Brazier, or Maker or Mender of Stills duly licensed, or from such Distiller to any Permits.

Excise Office, it. shall not be forfeited or seizable as aforesaid, nor shall the Person conveying the same be liable to any Penalty on Account thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Seizure as last aforesaid shall be made by Notice of any Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or licensed Distiller, by virtue of this Act, such Justice of the5ure Hy

Peace, Peace Officer, or licensed Distiller, shall, within Six Days after such Seizure, give Notice thereof in [*cac#»

t resident Officer of Excise, who shall take in

Writing to the Collector of the Distritf, or to the next resident Officer of Excise, wRo shall take into his Custody, and secure the Matters and Things so seized, in like Manner as if the same had been seized by him. Collector.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases of such Seizure it shall and may be lawful Article* fci*cd for the Officer of E'cife who shall have seized any such Articles, or in whose Custody the same shall be, to fell may bs fold u> ill Pot Ale, Wash, Singlings, or Low Wines, so seized, to any licensed Distiller, provided the Sum to be

paid for the same shall amount to a Sum not less than the Duty chargeable on the Spirits which by Law ought Dl1 , Ucr* to be produced from such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines respectively; and in case such Wash,

Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, shall be so fold, the Purchaser thereof shall pay to the Collector of the Distrnft in which he shall reflde, the Duty chargeable on the Spirits which by Law ought to be produced from such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, and he shall pay the remaining Part of the Purchase Money of such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines (if any) to the Officer who shall have fold the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person using or keeping more than one Still (not being a Brazier, Difference of or Person following the Profession of making or repairing Stills) shall "have, keep, or use any Stills, the Dia- Diameter i« meter of the Neck of any one of which, taken at the Bottom of such Neck, shall not be Two Inches wider

or narrower at the leaf! than the Diameter of the Neck so taken of any other. Still or Stills kept or used by per|(^n him, so as that all the Stills kept by such Person shall differ in the Diameter of the Neck by the Breadth of at i\lulty 20l. least Two Inches from each other, under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds and all or either of such Stills

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall keep or have any greater Number of Worms of Distiller shall Stills than the Number of Stills which he or she shall have been licensed to keep, nor shall use in distilling of cp no more Spirits any greater Number of Worms than one Worm with any one Still, without the Consent of Three of Worn; thin the said Commissioners of Excise first obtained in Writing under their Hands for that Purpose; and if any p20^ greater Number of Worms of Stills shall be found in the Distillery of or in any other Place belonging to or y occupied by any Distiller, than the Number of Stills which such Distiller shall be licensed or allowed as aforesaid to keep, every such Worm of a Still so found, and also every Still with which more than one Worm shall be used, or to which there shall be more than one Arm, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller in whose Possession any such Worm or Worms, or Still, shall be found, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Penalty on using Coppers as Stills, 500l.

If Apparatus found, 20l.

Dirtill?s>'shall set Slfils and provide Locks and Key*. Penalty zol.

Dimensions of Cuppers, and bow they shall Se let. Penalty aol.

How Coolers shall be fattened, and accommodated to the Use of Officers. Penaby ad-

Content* or the several Backs, and other Vt(T< Is in achOilli lery, shall l*c regulated by the Site of the Still*. Penalty act.

Commissioners may allow Distillers to use thcii present Vessels urttH they can provide ethers.

Spirits, &c. shall be kept in Stores in or adjoint g to thr Dittillciy. Penalty 10s. per Gallon, &c.

C.iflts containing Spirit* shall not he of lef> Con-I nt than too Gall ns.

Penalty aol.

Ottici r< empo'Vi red ro entsi Dili tileries and take Accounts.

C. >04.. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall use any Copper in his Distillery for any other Purpose than boiling or warming Water, every such Copper shall be forfeited, and such Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Apparatus shall be found in the Possession or in the Distillery of any Distiller, which might render such Copper or Coppers capable of being used in Di(lillation9 such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall set every Still used or kept by him in Brick or Stone with Mortar, and shall from Time to Time provide such Fastenings or Locks and Keys to the Head and Cocks of the Stills, and to the Furnace Door thereof, and shall keep the same in good and sufficient Order, in such Manner as shall be .approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge of such Distillery, or shall pay for such Fastenings, Locks, and Keys, as shall be provided by such Surveyor; and if any such Distiller mall use or keep vany Still not so set in Brick or Stone, or shall neglect to provide, repair, or pay for such Fastenings, Locks, and Keys, within such Time as shall be required by such Surveyor, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sumv>f Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall make use of or keep in any Distillery, any Copper or Vessel for warming or boiling Water for brewing Pot Ale, the Diameter whereof at the Mouth shall be less "than the Diameter thereof in any other Part of such Copper or Vessel, or shall have or keep any such Copper or other Vessel set orj>laced in any Manner other than in such Situation as that the Still, or Place where such Still shall be set or shall stand, shall be in a direct Line between the Place where such Copper or other Vessel shall be set or (land, and the Place where the Worm Tub shall be set or shall stand, every such Copper or Vessel shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and the Distiller in whose Distillery any fitch Copper or Vend shaft be found set or placed in any Situation other than as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each such Offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall in any Distillery make use of any Cooler which shall not be fere wed down or otherwise fastened to Beams firmly fixed at both Ends in the Walls of the Building, or in some other firm and substantial Manner, or shall alter the Level or Dipping Place of any Cooler or Back in such Distillery, or the Beams that support the fame, after it shall have been so fixed as aforesaid, or shall suffer the same to be altered without having previously given Four Days Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Distillery; or if such Distiller shall use any Cooler, through or acrofB the Centre of which there shall not be eroded, and constantly kept fixed Lengthways, from One End to the other, a firm Frame or Stage of Wood, at lead Eighteen Inches m Breadth, and of Thickness sufficient to prevent the same from bending, where from the Officer of Excise may gauge the Liquor in such Cooler, or if there shall not be a firm Hand Rail of the Length of such Stage, conveniently placed in respect thereto, every Distiller so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall have, keep, or make use of any Back, Cooler, or other Vessel in the Distiller)' of such Distiller, for fermenting any Wort, Wafti, or Pot Ale, or for containing any Low Wines or Singlings, which shall be of less Content than the full Charge of the Still, or (if there shall be more than One Still) of the larged Still in such Distillery; and if any such Back, Cooler, or other Vessel, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, which shall be of a lefa Content than aforesaid, such Back, Cooler, or other Vessel shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall for every such Vessel forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the Time of the passing of this Act, any Distiller shall not be provided with Backs, Coolers, Vessels, or Calks, according to the Regulations of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Comraifficners of Excise, by Order under the Hands of any Three of them, to allow such Distiller to use the Backs, Coolers, Vessels, or Calks in his Possession, for such Time as such Commissioners shall think necessary, or until such Distiller shall have provided himself with Vessels or Ca/ks of the proper Dimentsions, according to the Regulations of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall keep all Spirits distilled, and all Wash, Pot

Ale, Singlings, and Low Wines, in the Distillery of such Distiller, or in some Store or Stores in or adjoining to such Distillery, registered in Manner herein-belore mentioned; and all Spirits, Waftt, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, which shall be found in any Store or Stores not so registered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Distiller or Distiller* to* whom the same shall belong shall for every Gallon of such Spirits, and for every Nine Gallons of WashorPot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings and Low Wines, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings. v

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits stored in the Store or Distillery of any Distiller shall be kept in Casks of the Content of not less than One hundred Gallons each; and if any Cask shall he found in any such Store or Distillery containing Spirits which shall be of a less Content, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Calk.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise at all Times,

as well by Night as by Day, to enter into every House, Distillery, Still House, Out House, Store, and Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any Distiller in Ireland\ and to gauge, measure, and take an Account of every Still, Still Head, Copper, Kecve, Vat, Cooler, Back, or other Vessel qr Utensil, of or belonging to or kept by any such Distiller, and to gauge and take an Account of all Spirits which shall be from Time to Time made and distilled, and of all Malt and Corn, and of all Wort*, Walh, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low* Wines and Materials whatsoever, for making or diddling Spirits, which shall be from Time to Time made use ef by such Distiller, and of all such Spirits and Materials for making or diddling of Spirits, as shall be in any House, Distiller)*, Store, or Place belonging to such Distiller, and ta make Returns thereof in Manner herein after mentioned. XXX. And

I

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 104.. 543

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise, or'his Afliftnnt*, shall be^ hindered, n*||*[l, /r0V obstructed, or prevented by any Distiller, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such 0K(U^a7.*gExrj(«

Distiller, from entering into any Distillery, or any House, Out-house, Store, or other Place what foe ver of such oftjc.i', 201. Distiller, or if any such Officer or his Affidants, having entered, shall be hindered, obilru&ed, or prevented by such Distiller, or by any Servant or Person adding in the Employment of such Distiller, from gauging any Vessels, or taking any Account of the Stock of Malt, Corn, or Spirits of such Distiller, or of any Liquor or Ingredients preparing for or used, or ready to be used in difliliing in such Distillery, or from seeing the whole Process of Diddling completely finished, or from taking an Account of the Liquors diddled, or in Process of diddling, or from doing any Part of his Duty in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act which may be in force respecting Diddleries, such Distiller shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall place and keep all Caflcs and Vessels in C.ifk< ft Jl be which any Spirits shall be dored or kept, or which shall be made use of in diddling, in convenient Situations, with their Dipping Place uppermod, and eafv of Access, in such Manner as any Officer of Excise

in Charge of the Distillery shall reasonably direct, for the more readily and effectually taking the Gauge thereof, or in Default thereof every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Cask or Vessel not so placed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, on Demand of any Officer of Excise made Distillei still at the Distillery of such Distiller, shall not furnish or cause to be furnished a drong and Safe Ladder, Ofticof* with Steps Four Inches broad at the lead, or shall not have provided an Hand Rail, or a Rope in the Lights

Nature of an Hand Rail, conveniently placed with respect to such Ladder, of Length sufficient to enable pCUil|ty lcj# such Officer to ascend to any Cooler in such Distillery, or shall not lix such Ladder at the Dipping Place of any such Cooler, or at any other Part thereof where such Officer shall require, or shall on any Visit made by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to supply every such Officer, on Demand, with sufficient Lights for the Purpose of searching and gauging all the Stock on Hand belonging to such Distiller, as well by Day as by Night, every Distiller so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of 'Pen Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall not be admitted into any penalty on Distillery, after having demanded the fame, and declared his Name and Business, and after having waited for the refuting Ad-Space of Half an Hour after such Demand made at the House of the Distiller, or the Gate or Entrance Door, n ufionro

or any Window of the Distillery of such Distiller, such Didil er shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of 0fticer> , co1* One hundred Pounds.

XXX. V.1 And whereas Distillers frequently have made use of Places adjoining their own Houses or Distilleries, Owners of 1 for the Purpose of clandestinely brewing, diddling, or concealing their Wadi, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, ^ju*»ingHuufo« 1 or Spirits; for Remedy whereof/ be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Occupier of any House, oHicr*r7Tearch Store, or other Place adjoining to or in the Neighbourhood of the Dwelling House or Distillery of any for Spi* 'it*, Distiller, or if any Servant of the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place, shall not, on Demand of Penalty 50l. any Officer of Excise made in the Day Time, admit such Officer of Excise, or shall not allow him to enter and search such House, Store, or Place, for Wafii, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, or Spirits, such Occupier of such House, Store, or other Place, shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if no Person shall attend or appear in such House, Store, or If no Person Place as aforesaid, to give Entrance to such Officer, it shall be lawful in the Day Time for such Officer and aPPc*rs ro K, vc his Affidants, or in the Night Time for such Officer and his Aflidants in the Presence of a Condable or other offices* che Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and affiding therein, to break open and House nuy be enter such House, Store, or Place, and make Search therein for any Wafii, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, broken open, or Spirits, which such Officer may have rcafooable or probable Cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed

therein: Provided always, that if upon Search no such Wafii, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, or Spirits, shall be found, such Officer shall repair all the Damages done, or make reasonable Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Occupier of such House, Store, or Place.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the House, Store, or Place broken open, and entered. Officer may enter shall communicate with the Distillery of any Distiller, or any Part of the Premises thereunto belonging, and Distillery from if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not on Demand made, give Entrance into such Distillery to

any Officer requiring the fame, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to visit in the Day Office miy Time any Sugar House in Ireland, belonging to any Sugar Baker, and there to take an Account of all vifu Sugar Melasses-Wafii, and Sugar-Walh, and upon any Decrease afterwards found therein, such Sugar Baker shall House* and take forfeit a Sum equal to the Duty which would be payable by Distillers upon Spirits diddled from such Wafii, Sroclc*

utiless due Proof shall be made that the same had been sold to a licensed Distiller, or otherwise disposed of W.ilh ar Sugar ?n the Business of a Sugar Baker; and all Sugar-Walh, and Melasses-Wafii, found at any Sugar Bateers Inkers not Twenty-four Hours after it shall be taken from the Cidern, and not declared to the Officer of Excise, shall be j al

forfeited and may be seized. b, forfeted.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Cudoms or Excise in Ireland, shall directly or Officer* taking

indirectly, ask, take, or receive any Bribe, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, for the Neglect, or Non- B.ibc*, declared performance of his Duty under this Act, every such Officer so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty

of a Misdemeanor, and such Officer shall and may be indicted for such Offence either at the Affixes or Quarter ( emcanor* Sessions held in the County in which such Offence shall be committed; and in case any Indictment shall be

found at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions against such Officer, he shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the fame; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Officer shall be tried and convicted,

3

544- C. 104.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18tc5.

Distillers shall not diflil on Sundays, Sec. Faulty zol.

DistiMers shall give Notice of

DiAilters shall commence working on*Monday.

Mode of cif-Conrinuing woilting of Distiller on Notice at thfe End of the first

to iriflift such Punishment on such Officer as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors; and such Officer so convicted shall thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, or -under any Authority derived from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall have or keep, or pennit or suffer to be kept, any Fire under any Still or Copper in his Distillery, or if any Still or Copper in such Distillery shall be found to contain any Worts, Wash, Singlings, or Pot Ale, between the Hour of Twelve at Night of any Saturd y, and the Hour of One in the Morning of the nc % t succeeding Monday, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, so found in any such Still or Copper, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of E' cife.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, before conn encing to brew any Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, and also before commencing to work any Still or Stills in any Year, and so in like Manner before he lUllhi^or recommence so to work any Still, after any Discontinuance thereof in such Year, give Six Day*

Penalty aocfl! Notice in Writing to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Diftifterj of such Distiller, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Distiller intends to commence so to brew or to work any Still respectively, or to recommence so to work any 'Still as is herein after provided 5 and any Distiller who shall brew any Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, or who shall work any Still or Stills without having giren such respective Notices, shall for each such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no other Dav than Monday, shall be mentioned in any such Notice for commencing or recommencing to work a Still, and that no Distiller shall commence, or recommence to work any Still in pursuance of any such Notice except on a Mond y; and that every such Still shall be presumed to be kept regularly in Work from the Day mentioned in such Notice for the commencing or recommencing to work such Still, until the working thereof shall be discontinued in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say; Every such Distiller may from Time to Time discontinue the working of any such Still, on giving a Notice in Writing of such Intention to discontinue such working, to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distiller)', Six Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing the fame, requiring by such Notice, that the Still or Stills, the

______ working of which is so intended to be discontinued, may be locked on the Day expressed in such Notice:

Eight Wee*, or Provided always, that no other Day than Saturday be mentioned in any such Notice for discontinuing to work at the End of any any Still or Stills, and that such Saturday shall be the Close of a Period of Weeks in the Year, whereof the fuhfeqcnt

common Divisor or Aliquot Part shall be Four, and shall be not less than Eight W^eks distant from the \Ve°ks.°^Time commencing to work such Still in any Year, nor less than Four Weeks distant from the Time of

recommencing to work the same after any Discontinuance in such Year.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That at the Time fpceified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any Excise Officer in charge of such Distillery, and he is hereby required, to strap down and fatten the Head of every such Still, the working of which is fa intended to be discontinued, by Ditti'ler shall be ]ocking the dame, and to lock the Door of the Furnace Grate, and to stop and lock the Discharging Cock or work^n % tu\ 3 ^PC any such Still 5 and if such Officer be prevented from so doing by any Person at such Distillery, or of ing U.*n consequence Of Distillery being locked, and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer or otherwise, or if any such Still shall in any Event not be locked in Manner hereby directed, such Distiller shall continue to be charged with, and pay Duty, as if he had not given such Notice ot Discontinuance as aforesaid; and such Notice shall be deemed void and of no Effect.

Penalty on St II

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if at-any Time subsequent to Twenty-four Hours after any f^und warm aft. r Still shall have been locked, or by any of the Provisions of this Act ought to have been locked, or after the Discontinuance, Time mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid of discontinuing the working of such Still, such Still, or the Works in which it is set, shall be found warm, the Distiller or Distillers in whose Possession the same shall be so found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller who shall have discontinued the working of any Still in Manner aforesaick shall intend to set at work again such Still so discontinued, such Distiller shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller Six Days at least before the Day on which such Distiller shall intend co recommence the working of such Still, specifying the Day, agreeable to the Provisions of this Act, and the Hour, on which he intends so to recommence working such Still, (which Day shall be a Monday, and shall not be less than Four Weeks distant from the Time or the last Discontinuance of the working of such Still); and One of such Officers to whom such Notice shall be gi\en shall attend, and open the Locks and Fastenings of such Still accordingly, and shall charge such Distiller with Duty as herein provided from the Day mentioned in, the Notice for the Recommencement of the working of such Still.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall, at the Expiration of any Licence granted under this Act, discontinue the Trade and Business of a Distiller, or shall at any Time during the Continuance of his Licence discontinue working for the Remainder of any Year in Manner herein after mentioned, such Person shall, within Seven Days after the Expiration of such Licence, or after so discontinuing to work, cause the Works, in which any and every Still in the Distillery of such Distiller were set, to betaken down, and shall displace and remove any and every such Still and Stills, and shall also displace and remove clear out of the Worm Tub the Worm belonging to any and every such Still respectively; and shall, within Seven Days then next following, fend or convey any and every such Still, and the Heads and Worms belonging to the same respectively, to the Excise Office of the District in which such Distillery shall be fitnate, there to be kept for Twelve Calendar Months, unless the same (kail within the said Twelve Calendar Months be re-delivered 5 to

Officers shall secure Still, or on Failure the

iool.

Notice of Recommencement of working.

Distiller on eiifconti mting Butimfs .mi Expir.l: cn of Uis Lie ncc, thMl remove hi % Stills. Penary io»i.

V

A .D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C.

ioj.

54-5

to the Proprietor thereof on his being licensed under this Act, or shall be disposed of by such Proprietor to some licensed Distiller, >vhich it shall be lawful for Inch Proprietor to do; and in case any such Still, or Head or Worm of a Still, shall remain at the said Excise Office for the Space of more than Twelve Calendar Months, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the District to break up and render ufelefsany and every such Still, Still Head, and Worm, and to catife the Materials thereof to be sold; and the Produce thereof, after dedvfting all E.xpences of such Sale, and a reasonable Sum for the Warehouse {loom for the same durin g the said Twelve Months, shall be paid by such Collector to the Proprietor thereof; and in case any Still, Strii Head, or Worm, shall be found in the Distillery, or in any other Place in the.Occupation of any Person who shallliavc so discontinued the Business of a Distiller, at any Time after the End of Fourteen Days after the Expiration or Determination of any Licence to such Distiller, every such Still, Still Head, and Worm, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Person in whose Possession the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, the Officer- of Excise keeping an Account of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, in any Distillery, shall charge the Distiller upon any Decrease of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, produced from Corn, for a Quantity of Spirits, after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Nine Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and of Olte Gallon of Spirits for every Three Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines so decreased 5 and when and as often as any Still in such Distillery shall be charged with such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings respectively, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the like Rate, according to the Content of such Still, estimateaas herein-before mentioned: And on any Decrease of any Wash or Low Wines produced from Sugar, Mclafles, or decayed Wines, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Six Gallons of Warn, and One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons of Low Wines so decreased; and when and as often as any Still in such Distillery shall be (charged with any such last mentioned Wash or Low Wines respectively, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the like Rate, according to the Content of such Still as aforesaid; deducting from such Content in all Cases One Twelfth Part thereof for Liberty for such Still to work: And such Officer shall make a Return of the Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay tl»e Duty so charged and returned.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Decrease shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act appear or be found by any Officer of Excise, in any Wort, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, in the Distillery of any Distiller, more than or beyond the Proportion of Decrease justified by the Charges of the Still or Stills in such Distillery, according to the Directions of this Act, such Distiller shall be and is hereby charged with Double Duty for such Quantity of Spirits a» might be produced according to the Rate before mentioned, from so much Wort, Waih, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, as shall exceed such Proportion of Decrease respectively, and the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of such Distillery k and are hereby required in such Case to make such Charge, and return the same to the Collector of the District accordingly.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Discontinuance of working, under the Provisions herein-before mentioned, every Distiller shall, during the Continuance of this Act, ana during the Continuance of his Licence in each Year, be charged with and shall pay Duty for a Quantity of Spirits in respect of each and every Still belonging to such Distiller, according to the Content thereof, and according to a certain Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each such Still, and according to a certain Number of working Weeks and Days, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say): Every such Distiller shall be charged for each and every such Still for not less than Thirty-two working Weeks or One hundred and ninety-two working Days during the Continuance of such Licence; and that for every Four working Weeks or Twenty-four working Days, while any such Still shall continue or be prefutned to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under this Act, such Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rate herein-before mentioned) from the several Numbers of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines herein after severally set forth, for and in respect of each and every Still, being of the several Contents following; that is to say:

From Fifty Charges of LowWinefc or Singlings for every Still under Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not lets than Five hundred Gallons Content:

From Forty eight such Charges for every Still under On^thousand Gallons Content, and not less tlun Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content: '

From Forty-four such Charges, for every Still under One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand Gallons Content:

From Forty-two such Charges, for every Still under One thousand five hundred Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Forty such Charges for every Still under One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand five hundred Gallons Content:

From Thirty-nine such Charges for every Still under Two thousand Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Thirty-eight such Charges for every Still under Two thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand Gallons Content:

From Thirty-seven such Charges for every Still under Two thousand five hundred Gafioos Content, and not less than Two thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content;

45 Geo. III. 4 A From

M xfe

chargingDrfli'tcr on Recreate of Wadi or Singlings fi om Corn, or on ciiaige of Still therewith.

on Sugai With, Uc.

deducting for working One Twelfth.

Doulde Duty Auil be charged t n every disproprotionate Deciralc of Waft*.

Distiller shall be liable to Duty ou Spirits according to a certain Number of Monthly Charges of Low Wines in ea«h fttil), for f Months or 32 working Weeks in each Year; via.'

For Still* under 750 Gallons, 50 Charges; under 1, 000,

48 Charges;

under 1, 150,

Charges;

under 1, 500,

42 Charges;

under f, 750,

40 Charges 3 under 2, 000,

39 Charges j under 2, 2 $0,

38 Charges; under 2, 500,

37 Charg.t f

546 C'. 104,

450 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

tinker £, 750, 36 Charges; under 3, 000, 35 Charges; of 3, 000, &c. 33 Charge*.

Officer fti.itl make Return accordingly every 4th Week,

From Thirty-fi* such Charges for every Still under Two thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content* and not less than Twothousand five hundred Gallons Content:

From Thirty-five such Charges for every Still under Three thousand Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Thirty-three such Charges for every Still of Three thousand Gallons Content or upwards.

And that every Distiller shall, Over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be charged with and pay Duty for £3 much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rate herein-before mentioned, from all Pot Ale, Waft, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually diflil within every such Period of Four working Weeks, or Twenty-four working Days: And the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of any Distillery, shall, in his Return to the Collectors of the District for the la 11 Week of the first Period of Four working Weeks or Twenty-four working Days next after the Day mentioned in any Notice for the Commence-

*nd Dutilicr payment or Recommencement of the working of any Still, in Manner directed by this Act, and so in like Manner

Duty thereon- - 1 n r , rt T'Ty 1 r -1 r t r - r* «*r I-. 1 '*'rr 1 m.r

Penary 20l.

and

Duty

ruble

Officers in each Year shall make Return to complete the Amount of Spit it* charge-

in his Return for the last Week of every other or subsequent Period of Four working Weeks, or Twenty-four working Days, while such Still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under this Act, make a Return and Charge upon such Distiller of such Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities compnzcd in the Returns of Spirits distilled by such Distiller during the Three preceding Weeks, shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is hereby chargeable with Duty for such Period of Four working Weeks or Twenty-four working Days; and also of such further Quantity of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rate herein-before mentioned* from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually diflil within such Week, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable* within Seven Days after such Return ana Charge shall have been made, or shall ft/r every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Spirits charged upon any Distiller in any Year, ending on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, shall not amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable with Duty within such Year, being for the Period of Thirty-two working Weeks or One hundred and ninety two working Days, according to the Rates aforesaid* (exclusive of all Spirits made, or Duty charged in any Return for any Period of Four working Weeks, for ihlcin the Year, any additional Quantity which might have been produced in such Period according to the Rates herein-before SaC, UlLV1nf 11^mentioned, from all Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Distiller shall have actually distilled Monthly Charge. within such Period), the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distifter shall, within Twenty v Days after such Twenty-ninth Day of September, make a Return to the CoJle&or of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, of such Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities-comprized in former Returns of Spirits against such Distiller within the Year ending on such Twenty-ninth Day of September, (exclusive of such additional Quantities es aforesaid) shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act made chargeable with Duty for the Period of Thirty-two working Weeks, or One hundred and ninety-two working Days in such Year, according to the Rates aforesaid (exclusive of such additional Quantities as aforesaid); and such Return shall be a Charge on such Distiller, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to have become due and payable within Seven Days after such Return shall have been made, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged: Provided always, that if any Distiller shall he desirous of obtaining a Licence for any Still or Sti Is at any Time between the First Day of November in any Year, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year, it shall and may be lawful For the Commissioners of Excise to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargcbble with Duty for and in respect of such Still or Stills, during the Continuance of such Licence, to such Quantity of Spirits as may reasonably be distilled in such Still or Stills between the Time that such Licence shall be so granted, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September then next ensuing; provided that such Reduction shall be in the Proportion to the Part of the Year which shall have elapsed from the Twenty ninth Dav of September preceding the taking out such Licence, to the Time of- the taking out the same as Thirty-two Weeks is to Fifty-two Weeks 5 and that the Person taking out any Licence for such Still or Stills, shall in all other Respects be subject and liable to a'lL the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained.

L. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller shall be desirous to discontinue working for the Remainder of any Year, at the End of the First Period of Eight Weeks in the Year after he shall have commenced working, or at the End of any Period of Four Weeks after such Distiller shall have recommenced working in Manner aforesaid respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller to discontinue working accordingly on giving'a Notice in Writing of his Intention so to discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year to the Commissioners of Excise, and also to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year: And in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, upon Application to them made by such Distiller for that Purpose, to declare the Licence granted to such Distiller to be ended and determined from and after the Day mentioned for so discontiniHiig working, and the same shall be ended and determined accordingly; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller shall by this Act be chargeable with Duty, during the Continuance or his Licence, to such Quantity as such Distiller shall be chargeable with during so many Periods of Eight Weeks or Four Weeks only, a? such Distiller shall have actually continued working, or shall have been chargeable as'continuiag

6 ta

Comm* dinners

empowered to grant Ab.itc-k ment where a S-ntt rt let up irv the Cvnirle of any Ye.ir,

Distiders may drfeontinue hr the Hcm.inder of a Y<r on Notice.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 104. 547

to work, together with such further Quantity of Spirits as might be pfoduced from all Pot Ale, Low Wines, of Singlings, which such Distiller shall have actually distilled during such Periods, according to the Rates in this Act specified: And if at any Time after the Day mentioned in any such Notice of any such Distiller, Penalty on for so discontinuine to work for the Remainder of the Year, any fitch Distiller shall brew any Worts, Wash, DiMliier work: nf or Pot Ale, or shall distil any Wadi, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, or shall work any Still or Stills in af, cffoctvN«: ice, such Distillery, -or if after the Day mentioned for so aifeontinuing to work, any Worts, Waff, Pot Ale, Low00' c

Wines, or Singlings, shall be found, or any Still or Stills shall be discovered working in the Distillery of such

Distiller, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall be chargeable and charged with, and pay Duty under this Act, as if he had not given such Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to licence any Person to keep the said Distillery, or to have, keep, or make use of any Still or Stills therein, for the Remainder of such Year, nor during the Term of One Year next ensuing the Twenty-ninth Day of September after such Offence shall have been committed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three of the said Commissionaers of Excise Abatement of to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller shall be chargeable in any Year by virtue Pulrt0 of this Act, according to the Number of Weeks or Days as aforesaid, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that some Fatality, such as Fire, or any other unavoidable Accident or Misfortune, shall have prevented such Distiller from working such Number of Weeks or Days s Provided always, that such Reduction or Abatement be lirft approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland,

LII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall intend to commence to brew or mass Distiller ftnll .any Corn, such Distiller shall, Four Hours at lead before so commencing to mash any Coni, give Notice to R, vc Notice to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, (by an Entry to be made in a Book to be provided °^ce71°L* by such Officer for such Distiller, and to be kept in such Distiller)", ) of the particular Hour and Time when such Distiller so intends to brew or mash any Corn, and the Number of Buffels of Corn, malted or unmalted, or Meal, intended to be used in every such brewing or maffing, and also the Time when such brewing will be completed, and the Worts be off; and if such Distiller shall intend to make any second maffing of the same Materials, with any Addition thereto of any further Quantity of Corn, malted or unmalted, such Distiller shall give a like Notice: And such Book shall be carefully kept by such Distiller, and the said Entries being made therein, the said Book shall, within Forty-eight Hours after the Expiration of every Period of Four working Weeks or Twenty four working Days, be delivered by such Distiller to such Officer; and in case any Com, malted or unmalted, shall be maffed or brewed in the Distillery of any Distiller, without such Notice being given by Entry to be made in such Book, all Wort, Wash, and Pot Ale, brewed from such Corn, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every brewing of Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, from Corn* shall be w«(h flwll bt separately' run off into or placed on Coolers, and shall be therein gauged and measured by the proper Officer, rirjwn off in within a reasonable Time before the same shall be let into any fermenting Back; and that all Wort, W afh, Copiers, and or Pot Ale from Corn shall be distilled in the Order in which the same was brewed; and that no newer , n the

Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, shall be distilled while there is any older Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale on hand, and it was brewed, not distilled; and that if any such Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller Penalty 10L which shall not have been 10 run off into, and placed on Coolers, and gauged accordingly, or which shall have been brewed longer than any such Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, as shall have been then actually distilled, or distilling, such Wort-, Wash, or Pot Ale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LIV. And be it funher enacted, That no Distiller shall put into nor keep in any Back, Cooler, or other brewi- jr Vessel, which shall be capable of containing the full Charge of the Still, or (if there shaft be more than One kvp:

Still) of the largest Still in the Distillery of such Distiller, at any One Time, a smaller Quantity cf Wort, fejnrate,

Wash, or Pot Ale, than the full Charge of some One Still in such Distillery; nor shall at any One Time put r>p-Ml, y zo"

more or less than One Brewing of Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, into any One such Back for fermenting the same;

nor shall mix in any One such Back, Two or more different Brewings of Wort, Wadi, or Pot Ale, or any

Part thereof; nor mall put any Low Wines or Singlings into any Vessel, until every other Vessel in such

Distillery in which any Low Wines or Singlings shall have been previously put, shall be completely filled with

Low Wines or Singlings; and if any Back, Cooler, or other Vessel in the Distillery cf any Distiller shall be 1

found containing any Wort, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, -or Singlings, contrary to the Regulations of this Act* such Distiller shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be made in the gauging or taking Account of the Allowance'1 ! Contents of any Back, Vat, or other Vessel, for or in respect of any Grouting or Ground Coni or Meal, or fur Grout tug. other Composition. Matter, or Thing, added to the Worts, Waff, or Pot Ale, in such Back, Vat, or other Vessel, whilst such Wofts, Waff, or Pot Ale, are in the Course of Preparation for being distilled; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Wort, Walli, or Pot Ale, made from Corn, which shall not be w'.iHv Hull distilled at the Expiration of Six Days, including the Day of brewing and the Day of distilling, and all Sugar cMH m wir».in Waff and Waff made of Melasses, which shall not be distilled at the Expiration rtf Twelve Days, including a limited Time, the Day of breaking down the Melasses or Sugar with Water, and the Day of distilling, and ail Waff made of Sweet Waters which shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Six Days, including the Day of receiving and the Day of distilling the fame, shall be considered as Wort, Waff, or Pot Ale. not included in any former Charge against the Distiller; and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Wort, Waff, or Pot Ale, wording to the Directions of this Act.

4 A 2 LVI I. And

54# C. 104.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 180c.

D ftiHer shall not have Corn W.ifh and Sugar Wash in l>i % (Tien at Hie same T'mc.

P«n*Uy 1 col.

Distiller shall jtive Notice of reccit ing Sugar

wo*.

Peiuiy 50l.

Penalty on DfHiJrr having any Mix ure of Corn and Sugar W*<Y\ in hii Pcddfiga tool

If Contents of Still are not declared, they shall be charged as Singlings.

What fb (1 he confideicd» Feints, and how to be difpufed of.

Stock of Distiller shall be shewn and declared to Officer on Demand.

Penalty took

Reguhtions as

to declaiiT'g

Stock of Spit its,

Penalty aot.

f*ena!rp tol.

Officer (h »U make a wctksy Return on the Fhffihcr, who fh*H p .y ihe

D uy accordingly.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, during the Time, that such Distiller shall have any Wort, Wa!h, or Pot Ale from Corn on Hand or undistilled, or until he has drawn of F and distilled all Wort* Wash, or Pot Ale from Corn, shall receive, have, keep, or make use of any Melasses, Melasses Wash, Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, fiu-h Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all Wort, Wash, or Pot Ah from Corn, and all Melasses, Melasses Wash, Sugar Wash, or S .vcet Water, which shall be found at one and the same Time in any Distillery, shall be forfeit^, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, Twenty-four Hours at the least before Receipt of any Quantity of decayed Wines, Melasses, or Melasses Wash, Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, or any Walk not made of Com, into the Distillery of such Distiller, give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Distillery, of the particular Quantity and Kiud of all such decayed Wines, Mclaffe?* or Walk not made of Corn, and of the Species thereof, and of the Time when such Ditlilicr intends to receive the same; and if any decayed Wines or Melasses, or any Kind of Wash not made of Com, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller without such Notice having been so given as herein required, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized orfpilled by any Officer of Excise, And such Distiller shall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

LIX. And be it farther enacted, That if any Pot Ale or Wash in which there shall be any Mixture of Corn and Melasses, or Sugar, or of Corn Wash and Melasses Wash or Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, or in any Place adjoining thereto, or in the Possession of any such Distiller, or if any Spirits shall be found distilling or distilled from any such Mixture, such Distiller, as often as the same shall be so found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and, upon the Trial of any Information for the said Penalty, such Distiller shall be convicted, unless due Proof shall be made by such Distiller that the Pot Ale or Warn in respect of which such Information shall be brought, did not contain any Mixture of Com and MelafTed or Sugar, or of Com Wash and Melasses Wash, or Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, or that the Spirits were not distilfingor distilled from any such Mixture, as the Case may be.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall iind any Still at Work, and the Distiller, or any Person employed by such Distiller, shall refuse to declare what such Still then contains, it shall be lawful for such. Officer of Excise to charge the Distiller as if such Still contained Singlings or Low Wines, and such Distiller shall pay the Duties by this Act chargable accordingly.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Liquor shall be declared as Feints, or taken as such in any Distillery which shall be of a greater Strength than Eighty-five per Centum under Proof; and that in case any Liquor declared as Feints shall be found of a greater Strength, the same shall be charged as Singlings or Low Wines; and that no Liquor called Feints shall be distilled or otherwise disposed of, than by being spilled, or by'mixing the same with Pot Ale or Wash in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, at the Option of the Distiller; and that if any Decrease shall at any Time be found in the Quantity of such Feints more than is justified by the Quantity lo mixed with Wash or Pot Ale, or so spilled as aforesaid in the Presence of an Officer* such Distiller shall be charged for a Quantity of Spirits in Proportion of One Gallon of Spirits to Three Gallons of such Decrease of Quantity in such Feints.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Excise shall have entered into the Distillery, Warehouse, Store, or any other Place belonging to any Distiller, such Distiller, or some Person employed on Behalf of such Distiller, shall, on Demand of any such Officer, show or cause to be shown to such Officer all the Stock on Hand of Waff), Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines and Spirits, belonging to such Distiller, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration of the same; that is to say, that the Stock so shown is all the Stock of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines and Spirits of or belonging to such Distiller: And if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not, on Demand made by any such Officer, forthwith show or cause to be shown such Stock, or make such Declaration as aforesaid, or if such Distiller, or any Person showing such Stock or making such Declaration, shall make any false or untrue Declaration of such Stock, such Duliller shall for every such Offence forfeit One hundred Pounds; and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall upon Search discover any Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines or Spirits, in any DistUleiy, or in any other Place belonging to any Distiller, which shall not have been duly shown or declared, or which shall be in any Place or Store belonging to such Distiller, not registered under this Act, then all such Wash, Pot AV, Singlings, or Low Wines or Spirits, shall be forfeited, and such Distiller or Distillers shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits, and for every Nine Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines so found and discovered.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, or Servant or Person in the Employment of such Distiller, who shall show the Stock of such Distiller to any Officer of Excise, shall count all the Casks of Spirits, and declare the Number thereof to such Officer tal&tg an Account of the fame; and in case such Distiller, Servant, or other Person, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such Distil!er shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if after such Declaration as aforesaid, any of the Casks which shall have been declared to contain Spirits, shall be found to be empty, «r to contain any other Liquor or Thing favc only Spirits, or if more Casks than One shall be found not to be full, or if a greater Number of Casks shall be found than have been so declared, every such Cask, and the Contents thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit for every Cask so found, not corresponding with such Declaration, the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of any Distiller, or any other Officer of Excise appointed or authorized so to do, shall, Once in every Week, make a Return or Report in Writing to the Collector of the District in which such Distillery is situate, or to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint to receive the same, of trie Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is under this Act chargeable with Duty, and of the Duty thereon for the Week ending on the Saturday, next preceding; and every such Officer shall, and he is hereby required, to leave a true Copy of such

Return

450 GEORGII III.

C. 104.

549

Return in: Writing under his Hand, with every such Distiller, or at such Distillery, upon Pain of forfeiting Penalty 2©!. and Twenty Pounds for cverv Neglect or Omission in so doing, and such Return or Report of such Officer shall be Duty,

a Charge upon every such Distiller for Ihe Week so ending on such preceding Saturday; and stich Distiller shall t

pay the Duty appearing by such Return to have become due and payable, within Seven Days from such i-i$ Return with preceding Satvrclay, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double Dill.I r. the Duty so returned and charged. _ Penalty 10l.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That such Distiller (hull, under the proper Hand of such Distiller* or Diflillrr* shall under the Hand of some Person for whom such Distiller shall be responsible, Once in every Week, at the n'*, kc Entries Excise Office of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, make true Entry of the*

Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is under this Act chargeable with Duty for the Week ending the wAk ly Saturday next preceding; and shall, at the Time of making such Entry, pay and clear off the Whole of the Penalty 20l. &c. Duty payable for such Quantity of Spirits, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Omission, Neglect, or Default of such Entry or Payment, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty which such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable with for such Week.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any Officer °Q, ^cf r

of Excise and any Distiller, touching the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of such Officer upon such (h , !?veii^y hh Distiller, for or in respect of any Quantity of Spirits pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify, by Affidavit Return by made before the Collector of the District, or some Justice of the Peace, that the Return made by him is true Affidavit, and fair, according to the bed of his Skill and Knowledge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charge upon Distiller shall not the Distiller disputing the fam^; Provided always, that no Distiller shall be allowed to controvert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty by any Officer, unless such Distiller shall have made a regular weekly Return of jlc his.

the Quantity of Spirits by him distilled, and paid the Duty chargeable on the lame, and shall in such his weekly own weekly Return have made his Objection to the Return or Charge of such Officer. Return, See.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall at any Time have committed Fur amending any Error in any Return to be made by him under this Act, by including or charging in such Return a greater Errors in Officer* r lefa Quantity of Spirits, or a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to have been returned or charged Rfturn, and .....*of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, f^harging

by him against any Distiller according to the Directions of

or for the Examinatorof the Accounts of such Officer, and they are hereby respectively required, to rectify the nift'dlcr* same as speedily as may be convenient, within Six Months after such Return shall have been made, and to report accordingly, the same to the said Commissioners of Excise; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Distiller, was greater than the same ought to have been, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, anil they are hereby required, to make an Allowance forthwith to such Distiller of the Amount of Duty so overcharged; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any Distiller, was less than the same ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Distiller of the Amount of the Deficiency of tke Duty, in consequence of such erroneous Ret urn; and i; ' such Distiller shall not, within One Month after such Notice, shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Excise why he should not be charged with and pay- such Deficiency, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excite to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the District in which such Distiller shall reside, of the Amount of such Deficiency; and the Duty specified in such Return shall be a Surcharge on such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall not, upon Demand, pay the full Amount of such Duty so surcharged, or such Part thereof as shall be established by the said Commissioners, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and surcharged; provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Distiller, unless it shall have been made, and the Amount thereof demanded within Nine Months after the Date of the original Return.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Payment by any Distiller of any Sum of Money Payment by less than the Amount of Duty returned or to be returned by any Officer of Excise to be payable by such Distiller of his Distiller, shall not exempt such Distiller from the Payment of the Difference between the Amount of Duty so o^om^lhaU011 returned by such Officer, ^and the Sum so paid by such Distiller; and that if such Distiller shall not pay such i, ^r rxe.npt him Difference within Seven Days next after such Return of such Officer, such Distiller shall for every such Default from Payment forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Difference between the Amount of Duty so according 10 the returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Distiller. Officer'* Return.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Stock of Spirits in the Stores or Posselflon P^ndry on undue of any Distiller, Fadlor, or other Person dealing in or lloring Spirits in Ireland, not being licensed to fell Spirits by Retail, shall be less than the Quantity of Spirits which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer niftillcii, of Excile, ought to be in the Stores or Possession of such Distiller, Fadlor, or other Person, every such P.«5Wi, or Distiller, Fadlor, or other Person, for every Time such Decrrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Dealers, not Shillinra for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be so deficient. 1: , n* Rl'a, frs

7 r 1 os. ycr Gallon.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in the Distillery of every Distiller there shall be safely kept such Mi, utc Book* Minute Books as shall be delivered to such Distiller by the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Distillery, in shall be delivered which Book such Officers shall from Time to Time make true Entries of the Times when they shall respectively »^kcPc in each visit such Distillery, and of all such other Particulars relative to the State and Condition of such Distillery, as j? ^iwaooh such Officers shall find necessary and expedient, or as shall be directed by any superior Officer; and such Distiller ' y .shall, within Three Days after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March> the Twenty-fourth Day of June, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September respectively in every Year, deliver such Books to the Surveyor of Excise then in Charge of such Distillery; And in case any Distiller to whom such

' Book

55° C. 104.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Penalty on fertdirg out Spirits in lcfs

Collector empowered to

Cilil lillO ful

Duties.

Bsok shall be tendered by any Officer of Excise, shall refuse to receive the fatne, or having received the same shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate, or alter such Book, or any Entry therein, or cause the same to be tom, defaced, obliterated, or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any Entry therein, or in case such Distiller, or any Person employed in such Distillery, shall at any Time, when required by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to produce such Book, or shall neglect to deliver such Book at the Times aforesaid, to the Surveyor of Excise, "such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall send out any Spirits in any less Quantity than Thirty Gallons, or without being accompanied by a legal Permit, or if any Spirits shall be delivered or carried.out of any Distillery between Sunset and Sunrife, without Notice first given to the Officer of Excise, who

30gTibrVon t from Time to Time be in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, to the Intent that such Officer may Kight without he present to gauge such Spirits, every such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; Notice, xol. Sic. and all such Spirits, and the Casks or Vessels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duties payable under this Act by any Distiller, shall be unpaid at the Time when such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to take and diilrain all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, and all Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling used in any such Distillery, and all Malt, Corn, and other Materials for distilling, and to cause the same to be sold by pubfi.ck Auction; and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, together with the Coils and Expences of such taking and distraining, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce airifing froin the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Distiller or his Representatives: Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and diilrained, it shall and may be lawful fer such Distiller or his Representatives, at any Time or Times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits, upon his or their paying to the Collector, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he or they shall desire to remove; and the lame may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall, on due Application, be given for the -fame, in like Manner as if no such Distress had been made.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, and all Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, having been used in any Distillery, by what Title or Conveyance soever the same shall be claimed, or into whose Hands soever the same shall afterwards come, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all Debts due to the Crown, and Duties of Excise, which shall be in Arrear and owing by any Person for any Spirits diddled or made within such Distillery, and shall also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have occupied or used such Distillery, for any Offence against this Act; and it shall be lawful in all Cases to lev}' such Debts, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by Distress and Sale of such Utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debts and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the Time the real Proprietor of such Utensils.

LXXIV. 'And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still, the Body wrhercof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall - contain One thousand Gallons or upwards, shall be allowed and paid by the Collector of Excise of the District,

s/inTof ^cco°r out any Moneyn Hands, a Bounty after the Rate of Sixteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by such Distiller; and every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still, the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall contain Five hundred Gallons, and shall not contain One thousand Gallons, shall be allowed and paid in like Manner a Bounty after the Rate of Eight Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by such Distiller: Provided alw ays, that if any Distiller shall have or make use of more than One Still, such Distiller shall be allowed a Bounty on the whole Amount of the Duties paid by such Distiller, after the Rate payable in respect of the Still of the smallest Size.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or Metal of any Kind, in Ireland, before he shall make any Still, Still Head, or Worm, shall take out a Licence from the said Comhuffioners of Inland Excise in Ireland, to follow the Business of making and repairing Stills, expressing his Name and Place of Abode upon Paper or Parchment, signed by One Commissioner, and {lamped according to Law, to be in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next following the Issue thereof, and shall annually take out a similar Licence on every Twenty-fifth Day of March, so long as he shall continue to follow such his Trade; and if any such Brazier or Worker shall make at any Time or in any Place, or repair any Still, Still Head, or Worm, without having obtained such Licence, he or flie shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all Tools, Utensils for working Metals, Tin or Copper Plates, Stills, Still Heads, or Worms, and all Pieces thereof, or Preparations for making the same, w'hich shall be found in his or her Possession, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Person until he shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, writh Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, conditioned that he will from Time to Time make a true Return, verified by Affidavit, to the nearest Officer of Excise, of the Name and P ace of Abode of every Person for wffiom he shall make or repair any Still, Still Head, or Worm, together with the Number of Ga-lons each such Still shall contain, Twenty-four Hours at the Icait after making or repairing the fame, and before he shall suffer the same to be taken or delivered out of his House, Shop, or Place of Work; and that he shall also, within Three Days after the End of each Quarter of a Year, from the Quarter Day next

following

AII Vtrnfil* in a Dirtille»y. shall remain liable to Payment of Du tics and Penalties.

Counties to Dillillers ufig large St; s; '\z

Gallons, and 8 per Cent, lor

S ilh of 500 Cr tl'.ons; or aicurmuy to the lejft Still ui'cd.

Br*?.im shall take out annual Licences. Penalty tool

Security shall be fcivrn, and.Kc-turu* made by Biaziers.

45° GEORGII III.

C.TOJ.

55*

following after the Commencement of his Licence, make a Return to the Collector of the District wherein he shall work of the whole Number of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, made or repaired by him in the preceding Quarter of a Year, with the Name and Place of Abode of every Person for whom he shall have made or repaired the fame, and the Number of Gallons each such Still so made or repaired shall contain, or that he has not made or repaired any Still, Still Head, or Worm, in tire Course of the preceding Quarter of a Year.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Brazier or other Person making any Still whatsoever, shall, before disposing of the fame, stamp on the Brealt of such Still, over that Part thereof where the Cock of such Still shall be placed, and also on the Head of such Still respectively, the Name and Place of Re-fidence of such Maker, and also the Name and Place of Residence of the Person to whom the same shall be disposed of, at full Length, in Roman Letters, and the Year of our Lord in which such Still shall be disposed of, in Figures, fend the Number of the Gallons also in Figures which such Still and Head respectively shall be capab'e of containing, such Letters and Figures to be sunk in the Metal of such Still, and not lei's than Half an Inch long, under Pain of forfeiting for every Default therein the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if any such Still shall afterwards be enlarged, the Brazier or Person enlarging the fame, shall in like Manner Ramp the Number of Gallons such Sti 1 or Still Plead respectively shall be capable of containing after such Enlargement thereof, under a like Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

LXXVILI. And be it further enacted, That if any Brazier or other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tfn, or other Metal, shall make or have in his or her Possession, and if any Distiller, shall have, keep, or make use of any Stifl, the Proportion of the Diameters and Altitude whereof shall be contrary to this Act, every such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Person or Persons making, keeping, or using the fame, or having the same in his or her Possession, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Brazier or other Person dealing In Brass, Copper, Tin, or ether Metal, shall make or have in his or her Possession any Still, the Content of the Body whereof, without the Head or any Appendage thereto, shall be less than Five hundred Gallons, other than and except any Still of Twelve Gallons Content only, nor unless such Person shall have previously obtained a Licence from some One Commissioner of Excise for making or keeping the fame; and in case such Still shall be of Twelve. Gallons Content, setting forth that the same is for the Use of some Chymifl, Apothecary, or other Person duly licensed to use the fame; and if any such Still shall be found in the Possession of any Brazier or other Person as aforesaid, who shall not produce a Licence for making or keeping the fame, such Brazier or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and such Still diall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Brazier or Manufacturer of Metals or other Person in Ireland, shall fend or convey any Still, Still Head, or Worm, to any Person whomsoever, unless a Permit granted by an Officer of Excise for the Removal of such Still, Still Head, or Worm, shall have been obtained by such Brazier, Manufacturer, or other Person, and such Permit shall contain in the Body thereof the Name of the Brazier or Manufacturer thereof, or other Person fending the fame, and of the Person or Persons to whom and the Place to which such Still, Still Head, or Worm, is. intended to be sent, and also the Content in Gallons of such Still, and the Head thereof respectively; and every such Still, Still Head, and Worm, which shall be found cpnveying or conveyed, and for the Conveyance of which such Permit shall not be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Person whatever, and the Brazier, Manufacturer, or ether Person fending or conveying the lame, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXXXI.' And be it further enacted, That the Person to whom any such Still shall be conveyed shall, within: Forty-eight Hours after the Arrival of such Still, deliver up the Permit under which such Still shall have been, conveyed, to the proper Officer of the Walk in which such Person shall reside, and such Officer shall thereupon grant a Certificate to such Person in lieu of such Permit; and if any such Still shal be ft: md in the Possession

any Person after the Expiration of Forty-eight Hours from the Arrival thereof, without such Certificate, such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Still, Still Head, or Worm, or other Utensil for diddling of Spirits, shall be found in the Possession of any Person, not being a Brazier, or not being duly licensed to have or keep the fame, and in case any Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Four Gallons (except such Spirits for which a Permit or Certificate shall he produced) or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings,

shall be found in the Possession of any Person not duly Licensed under this Act, such Person shall for every such - Still, Still Head, Worm, or other Uterfil for distilling of Spirits, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for every Gallon of such Spirits, and for every Nine Gallons of such Wash or Pot Ale, and for every. Three Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings, the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And all such Stills, Still Heads, Worms, or other Utensils, and all Spirits, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, and Singlings so found, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXIII. And be it further ena£lecl, That if any Person shall harbour, keep, or conceal, or shall knowingly permit to be harboured, kept, or concealed, or shall give any Aid or Assistance, or Reward to any Person or Persons to harbour, keep, or conceal, any Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, or Pot Ale, which shall have been unlawfully made or distilled, every such Person so offending shall for every such. Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and all such Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, and Pot Ale, (haR be forfeited* and may be seized by any Officer of E cife.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall make use of any Still, Still Head, or Worm for distilling, or shall make or diflii any Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, or shall brew, make, or ferment any Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, wherewith and with the Intent to distil Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for. distilling, every such Person. shall be deemed

and

Bnrier rt>nlf flump Nanicanct Conr. no on Si II. and Heads-Penally iqI.

Pcn.i!: y on Persons luwing Still* »i*t accordi g to Proportions directed by this Act, tout

Penalty on Biar iers having Si ills less than 500 Gallons wit host Lcence, z cl.

No Still shall be conveyed without Pcnr.it; -. Penalty id.

Permit (Kill be delivered up t. Officer, and Cert i heal e thereof given by him.

Penalties on tinl rf-d

Pc suns having Sll.ls, S|.| I'j, u* Wash in their Potulhon, 20l.; anti 20*. per Gallon, &g»

Penahy or*

Pci foils*

wc.itg

2pints, 5l. See.

U iiccn'wt Dili 1 Her*

Oioared gr.i of a Mi f«h ni or and pun

abiesccordw

'5 5 2 C..tC4

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

O.lnrornwuio x. t*.1 J utUcc of IV-ice of any unlkcnfcri Sti 1, l.r lit li icuirn ti»c tine to the jitxt AiTirc*, wh-ic the F.iCV shall he trier!, (if conttovc-rtid by

Second Offence taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace reiftiing near to 1 r.napoiKmon the Place where such O(fence shall be committed, on Information 011 Oath of any such Offence, to issue his

' c ui Warrant for the Apprchcnsion of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit fuclt

Pei foil to Gaol, 'there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such Person, be or she shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the fame; and it shall be lawful for the Court by and before whom such Person shall lie tried and coavicted, to inflict such Punishment on such Person for the first Offence as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors; and for the second Offence to sentence such Person so convicted to be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

LXXXV. And Whereas the Penalties heretofore imposed on Townlands and Places wherein any unlicensed Still or other Utensil for distilling of spirits were seized, have been found ineffectual to prevent such unlicensed Stills, and it is expedient to mahe other Provifloas in order to prevent all Fraud, Collusion, and Con- nivance with respect to the using such unlicensed Stills, and to preserve the Morals of the People from being injured by the immoderate Use of Spirits di (tilled thereby : Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Information upon Oath to him given, that any unlicensed Still or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits has been found, or is used in any Place within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, to examine into the Truth of such Information; and if be shall find Reason to Two Inhabitants believe that such Still has been so used or found, he shall bind over the Person or Persons giving such Infor-of the Pntiflk, mation to appear at the next ensuing Affixes or presenting Term, to give Evidence, if necessary, in support of o^soMli^U be' 0 Information: And such Justice shall cause Notice of such Information to be served on any Two Inha-imp'.ftd un bitants of the Parish (or if such Still shall be found or used in any Extra-parochial Place, then on Two In-ihc I'.irifit in habitants of the Townland) in which it shall appear by such Information that any such unlicensed Still or other which the Still is Utensil was found or used Seven Days at the least previous to the Commission Day of the next ensuing Assizes, t »und or used. or first j)ay of the next presenting Term, if in the County or County of the City of Dublin; and such Justice shall, at or before such next ensuing Assizes or presenting Term, deiver to the C erk of the Crown all such Informations so made before him, and all Examinations taken by him thereon respectively, and such Clerk of the Crown shall lay the same before the Court at the said respective Assizes or presenting Term: And in case any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cess in such Parish or Townland respectively shall appear at such Assizes or presenting Term, to controvert the Fact of finding or using such Still, or the Fact that any such Still was unlicensed, or that the Parish or Townland mentioned in any such Information was the Parish or Townland wherein such Still was so found er used, it shall be lawful for the Court at the same Affixes or presenting Term, and such Court is hereby required to try the Fa& or Fa6ts so controverted, in the same Manner as the Trial of a Traverse to any Presentment of a Grand Jury; and if a Verdict shall be given agreeable to the Information so made to such Justice of the Peace, or if no Person shall appear at such Assizes or presenting Term to controvert the Fads as aforesaid, such Court shall fine such Parish or Townland in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sum of Fifty Pounds off the Parish or Townland respectively, in which it shall appear by such Information that such Still was found or used 5 which said Sum of Fifty Pounds* shall be levied by the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess, in like Manner, and with like Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, in case of Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law in respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of a Grand Jury 5 and one Moiety of every such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds as shall be levied off any Parish or Townland in the County of the City of Dublin, or the Liberties thereunto belonging, or in the County of Dublin, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said County and County of the City of Dublin to the Society for discountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the said City, for the Use of the said Society; and one Moiety of such Sum of Fifty Pounds as shall be levied in any other Parish. or Townland in Ireland, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, in which such Parish or Townland is situate, to the Treasurer of the public* Infirmary or Hospital of such County, for the Use of such Infirmary or Hospital; and the other Moiety of such Sum of Fifty Pounds shall in all Cases be paid by the Treasurer of such County, County of a Town or City, to any Officer of Excise or Customs who mall have given such Information to such Justice of the Peace as herein-before mentioned, and who shall appear at such Assizes or presenting Term pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute the fame; or in case the Informer shall not be an Officer ot Excise or Customs, such last mentioned Moiety shall be paid by such Treasurer according to the Directions of the Court, either to such Informer, or to such Justice of the Peace, to be by such Justice applied in rewarding the Person or Persons from whom he received such Information, or otherwise, towards the suppressing of all unlicensed Stills within his Jurisdiction, in such Manner as to such Justice shall seem most fitting and expedient.

Distillers y

LXXXVI. And Whereas the allowing Spirits made or disttfied from Corn in Ireland, to be warehoused w.ych°uftSpirits«there for Exportation without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable in Ireland thereon, may tend to withoui Payment*promote the profitable Export thereof be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every of Duty, under Distiller or Maker of such Spirits in Ireland, to warehouse his Spirits for Exportation withoift Payment of certain such Duty of Excise, according to the Provisions of this Act, and subject to such Rules and Regulations as

Regulation!. the said Commissioners of Excise in Irehmd shall, from Time to Time, direct or order in any of His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the Ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfefl, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Toughall, Waterford, Wexford, Sligo, Wejiport and Kinfale, or at any other Port in Ireland, in which, or in the District in which such Port shall be situated, Stills of not iefs than Five hundred Gallons in

Content shall be hereafter licensed by the said Commissioners; Provided always, that no Spirits of a Strength ^less than a Strengthqual to One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, by Clarke'a Hydrometer, or by such other Hydrometer as .shall be approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, shall be so warehoused; and that all such Spirits shall be contained in Calks of not less

is than

Application of Utd Penalty.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 104. 553

tfian One hundred Gallons Content, and that there be marked on the Head of each Calle in Letters ot Figures cut therein, the Number of Gallons of Spirits in such Calks, and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Dilliller shall intend to warehouse Dirt Her ih »H Spirits for Exportation, he shall give Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall be placed give Notice t«* over the Distillery of such Dilliller, and also to the Storekeeper at the Port of Exportation, of such his Intention, °; jicer: > in which Notice shall be set forth the Number and Content in Gallons of each Calk which such Dilliller so

intends to warehouse, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Dilliller intends to commence the , n: ends so Removal of such Spirits to the Warehouse, which Day shall not be more distant than Six Days, nor nearer warehouse any than Three Days from the Time of such Notice*Provided always, that no Removal of any Spirits for such Spirit#. Purpose shall be allowed without Permits according to Law, and containing all such Particulars as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Excise; nor shall any such Removal commence at any Time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in the Morning, or after the Hour of Three in the Afternoon.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of Excise shall attend at the Stores of etery such Dilliller, at the Time mentioned as aforesaid in such Notice, and such Officer shall continue there dinners Srorei until the Whole of the Spirits for which such Notice has been given, shall be removed out of the Stores of during Removal, such Dilliller, under Permits, as aforesaid; and that immediately after the Removal of such Spirits, such Officer shall take Stock on such Dilliller, and shall set forth in the Stock Book the Decrease occasioned by the Removal of all such Spirits: And in case the Whole or any Part of the Spirits for the Removal of which a penalty on nor Permit shall be granted as aforesaid, shall not be delivered into His Majesty's Stores within the Time prescribed delivering Spiiitt in the Permit or Permits for conveying the same (except in Cases of unavoidable Necessity, proved to the pursuant m Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them) the Dilliller of such Spirits, for the Removal of which out of his Stores, a Permit shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten 4 on* Shillings for every Gallon not so delivered, and shall also forfeit a Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon so deficient in delivery; and it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise to seize and take out of the Stores of such Dilliller a Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon which shall be so deficient; and it shall and may he lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to withdraw and annul any Licence before that Time granted to such Dilliller, if they shall think fit so to do.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That immediately on the Arrival of such Spirits under proper Per* On. wareWifnij mits, at His Majesty's Stores, the proper Officer shall gauge and take an Account of every Cask, and the ^.r*Vlh* ve Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and shall enter an Account thereof in a Book to be by him kept o^jier for the Purpose; and thereupon the Storekeeper shall deliver to the Dilliller, or Person requiring the same for Receipt for the the Use of such Dilliller, a Receipt for such Spirits, specifying the Number of the different Calks, with their fame.

Gauge, and the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits contained in them, with the Day of the Month and Year when such Spirits were llored, and any Marks which may be put on such Calks by such Dilliller for distinguishing the Spirits to be his Property.

XC. And be it further enacted, That such Receipt shall be delivered over within a reasonable Time by DiflilKT fhjlt every such Distiller to the Officer of the Walk where such Dilliller shall reside, or carry on the Business of a 11, vcr such Dilliller, and such Officer shall immediately return to such Dilliller a Copy thereof signed by himself; and officer* «Th-> tipon the Delivery of such Receipt, and not before, it shall be lawful for such Officer to deduct from the tj, cn deduct Number of Gallons of Spirits with which such Distiller shall have been charged or chargeable, the Number of t e bpiiits so Gallons so warehoused, and to return the Charge against the Dilliller to the Collectorof Excise for the remain- w.irrhousecl frostf ing Number of Gallons, which shall be a charge against such Dilliller accordingly; and every such Officer shall slrck a»!df*annex to such Return the Storekeeper's Receipt, as his Voucher for having made such Dedu£lion as aforesaid, charge the

Remaindcronly with Djry.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That such Spirits which shall be so warehoused, shall not be taken o* carried out of the Warehouse on any Account whatsoever, otherwise than in Manner and pursuant to the Provisions and Directions hefein-after mentioned and contained.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That so often as any Person warehousing Spirits in Ireland, shall be delirous of shipping for Exportation any Quantity of such Spirits, such Person shall deliver to the Storekeeper, Five Days at least before the Time when he intends to ship such Spirits, a Note in Writing, requiring such Storekeeper to deliver such Calks as such Person may intend to export, specifying the Number of Calks, and the Quantity of Spirits intended to be shipped, as set forth in the Receipt given to such Person by the Storekeeper, at the Time when such Spirits were admitted into the Warehouse, and mentioning the Time when such Person proposes to ship such Spirits, and the Name and Dellination of the Ship or Vessel; and it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the Warehouse from which such Spirits are to be taken, before the Delivery thereof fironr such Warehouse, to mark every Calk of such Spirits with such Mark as the said Commissioners of Excise shall direct; and if any Spirits so intended for Exportation shall, after having been received in His Majesty's Stores, and before their actual Exportation, be altered in Quality, Quantity, or Strength, except by fltcrease occasioned from Leakage, Wafie, or Accident, all such Spirits, and the Calks containing the fame, shall W forfeited, and may be seized Uy any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise.

it further enacted, That before any such Spirits shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for Exportation, the Person or Persons intending to export the same shall, with one or more Surety or Sureties, give Bond to His Majesty in Double the Value of such Spirits, and of the Excise wKi iWchwroidd be due and payable thereon, if such Spirits were taken out for Home Consumptiox), such Spirits shall (the Dangers of the Seas or Enemies excepted) be exported to and shall bespecifiedin such Bond, without Alteration in Quality or Quantity, ex dept j*hat

4 B may

Spirits ware-housed shall rot be taken out but unihr this Act. Taking Spirits out of Warehouse for Exportation

B.*f*rcSpHts.iha I be delivered »ut for Export at ion. Bond fh^W fee given to cipofY; them to the Pois speefied.

On produAion of a Certificate that Bond has been giver, fa much Spirits as shall be mentioned therein, shall be delivered'with a Pei rail to the Officer attending the flapping <jf the Spirit* fur Exportation.

How Spirits may be taken out fur Home Con fumplion on Payment of Duty.

Warehoused Spirits may be removed from Port to Foil. Warehousei may he visited by Proprietors.

If Spit its are not exported within Fwur Months, See. they may be sold for Payment > Duties.

'Drawback in lieu of Malr Duty, on Spirits exported.

No Drawback shall he paid on Spiri nor warehoused, entered for Exportation to Great Britain, except on Ptoof of Payment of Duty without A llowance, or such Allowance shall be refunded.

C. 104. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

may be occalloned by Leakage, Waft*, or Accident, and Hiatt not be landed in any other Place> nor relanded

in Inland- i

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exporter of such Spirit*, or some Person on .behalf of such Exporter, producing to the Storekeeper of the Warehouse, and to the Officer attending the fame, a Certificate from the proper Officer, that such Bond and Security hath been given, the Storekeeper of such Warehouse, and Officerattending the fame, shall deliver such Spirits as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be exported 5 and such Storekeeper shall cause the said Spirits to be sent under the Care of a proper Officer, at the Expence of the Owner, to the Quay where the Ship or Vessel shall be Rationed, there to be delivered into the Custody of the shipping Officer on such Quay, and shall at the same Time deliver a Permit for the Quantity so sent, in which Permit shall be also mentioned the Date when the Spirits were warehoused; and all such Spirits shall remain in the Care and Custody of the shipping Officer on the Quay until shipped or exported; and all such Spirits shall be shipped in the same Calks in winch they were originally warehoused, with the Marks, Numbers, and Note of the Contents thereon, except in Cases of damaged or leaky Calks, which may be changed with the Leave of the Commissioners of the Customs, or of the chief Officer of the Port, and like Marks shall be cut on the Head of each new Calk as had been cut on the leaky or damaged Calks; and all such Spirits shall be shipped only in such Vessels as by Law Spirits of Irish Manufacture may be shipped for Exportation, subject toall Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties, in respect of relanding or unshipping the fame, as are or may be contained in any Act or Acts respecting Spirits shipped from Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain or elsewhere, and as are not contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so warehousing Spirits for Exportation, shall desire to take the fame, or any Quantity thereof, not less than Five hundred Gallons, out of His Majesty's Warehouse for Home Consumption, it shall and may be lawful for such Person so to do, on paying to the Collector of Excise for the District the full Amount of the Duty payable on such Spirits, for the Quantity which each and every such Calk contained, at the Time of its being warehoused, together with a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Expiration of Sixty Days after the Day of storing such Spirits, till the Time of taking the same out for Home Consumption; and upon the Production of the Collector's Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the Calks mentioned in the Collector's Receipt, and to deliver a Permit for the Conveyance of the same to the Ownef thereof, or to such Place as such Owner shall direct or require.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That Spirits so warehoused may be removed, at the I)efire of the Owner thereof, from His Majesty's Warehouse at any one Port, to the like Warehouse at any other Port as aforementioned, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs shall order in respect thereof.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietor of any such Spirits, so to be lodged in any Warehouse as aforesaid, in the Presence of the Storekeeper or other Officer, who are hereby required to attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose, not oftener than once a Week, to view, examine, and shew for Sale such Spirits, or any Part thereof, and to examine the State of the Calks, and to prevent Leakage or Damage therein.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall remain in His Majesty's Warehouses, after having been received therein under the Provisions of this Act, for more than Four Calendar Months* or such further Time as the said Commissioners of Customs, or any Three of them, shall appoint, on special Application made to them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to direct that such Spirits shall be publickly fold, giving Seven Days publick Notice thereof; and the Pr6duce arising from such Sale shall be applied in the first Place to the Discharge of all the Duties thereon, computing such Duties on the Number of Gallons which each and every Calk contained at the Time of its being warehoused, without any Allowance for Waste or Leakage, together with a Sum after the Rate of Ten rounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Expiration of Sixty Days after the storing of such Spirits, until the Sale thereof 5 and the Remainder, after deducting all Expences of warehousing and Sale, shall be paid over to the Owner of such Spirits.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any such Spirits, which shall have been warehoused in Manner aforesaid, no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall be given or paid, other than and except a Drawback of Nine-pence Three Farthings Irish Money upon every Gallon of such Spirits, as and m lieu of the Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits (or other than and except such other Drawbacks which shall or may by Law from Time to Time hereafter, as Occasion may require, be granted, given, or allowed) unless and until all Duties of Excise due and payable on the same in Ireland, (halt be first fully paid and satisfied 5 which Drawback is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, subject to all Rules and Regulations in fiirce in Ireland respecting Drawbacks.

C. And be it further enacted, That in cafeiny Spirits made or distilled from Corn in Ireland, which shall not have been warehoused in one of His Majesty's Warehouses under the Provisions of this Act, shall be entered for Exportation to Great Britain, no Drawback shall be paid or Debenture made out for paying the lame, unless doe Proof shall be first made by due Course of Permits, tracing such identical Spirits from the original Distillery to the Port or Place of Exportation, and by such other Evidence as shall be required, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs, or any Three of them, that each and every Gallon for which such Drawback shall be claimed has paid the fall Duties due and payable thereon, by any Law in force in Irefandy without any Allowance out of or on Payment of such Duties, and that the Distiller of such Spirits has not received any Allowance or Bounty on account of the Size or Contents of any Still or Stills used by such Distiller; or unless all such Allowances or Bounties as may have been allowed to or received by such Distiller in respect of the Amount of the Duty on such Spirits, on account of the Size or Contents of any such Stitt or Stills, (shall be refunded or repaid to or for the Use of His Majesty, ia such Manner as such

Commissioners

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

0.

104, 105.

sss

Commissioners of Customs ojay from Time to Time order and direct in that Behalf; and if such Allowance or Bounty shall not be refunded and repaid on Exportation to Great Britain, such Allowance or Bounty shall be deemed a Part Payment in Advance of the Drawback payable by Law, and the remaining part only of such Drawback shall be paid on such Export; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or any Usage or Custom to the tontrary notwithstanding.

CL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Spiriti which shall not have been warehoused under Form of Entry, this Act, shall be entered for Exportation to Great Britain, the Person entering such Spirits f6r Exportation of Spirits fjr shall state or cause to be stated in the Entry thereof, whether any JAUowance has been made out of or on Payment of the Duties payable on such Spirits, or any Bounty claimed or paid in respect thereof, on account of the a<^aVinj been Size or Content of the Still or Stuls used by the Distiller of such Spirits, or on any other Account, or under warehoused. any other Pretext whatsoever, and the Amount of such Allowance or Bounty 5 and if such Person shall neglect so to do, or shall make any false or untrue Statement with respect to any such Allowance or Bounty, all Spirits so entered for Exportation shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the Person entering the same for Exportation shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Penalties payable in British Currency, and recoverable as under Irish Excise Act 14 & C. 2. c. 8. &c.

44 f 102. — Penalties under Ten Pound* may be recovered before One Justice, within Three Months, by Distress and Sale, or in Defect thereof Offender shall be imprisoned Three Months. Appeal to Quarter Sessionsr Penalties above Ten Pounds may be recovered by Action, § ic3. — Proceedings of Justices not removable by Certiorari, §104. — Penalty on Magistrates who neglect to do as required by this Act, 50l. $ toe.

44 [See $ 63, 64, 65, and 68. of 45 Geo. 3. c. 53.] — Charge on Distillers in respect of Wash from 15th July till 29th September 1805; f 106. [as under §46 of this present Act.] — Charge on Distillers in respect of Monthly Charges of Low Wines from icih July till 19th September 1805, §107, [as tender f 48.]

44 — Such Charges on Distillers from 15th July to 29th September 1805, shall be paid at under Acts in force at Time of passing this Act, §108."

CIX. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 45 G. 5-i intituled, An Act to amend the A3s jiow in force for securing the CoUe3ion of the Revenue upon Malt, and for fcPcilc<* regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland, shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, cease and determine during the Continuance of ihuk Act.

CX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect upon and from the Commencement. Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, except in such Cases as any other Tim^ of is mentioned for the Commencement of any of the Provisions in this Act contained.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty-ninth Day* of Continuant# September One thousand eight hundred and six.

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six# and amend several Acts for regulating the Collection of the Duties in Ireland, on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses and on Dogs.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS the several Acts now in force in Ireland, for the Collection of the Taxes upon Houses>

according to the Number of Fire Hearths, and of Windows or Lights therein respectively 5 and also the Taxes upon Carriages; and upon Male Servants; and upon Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules; and upon Dogs $ and upon Makers and Sellers of Carriages, are insufficient; and it is expedient to provide for the better enforcing and securing the Collection of the said Taxes5' be it enacted by the King's most Excellent M*jyfty» by and with the A-dvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Paniament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Co Hr 3 ion of the Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Coaches, and other Carriages, and of Male Servants, and on Dwelling Houses inhabited according to the Number of Windows or Lights therein respectively, and to secure the due Payment thereof, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, cease and determine; except so far as relates to the recovering, collecting, paying, and accounting for any Taxes, or Arrears of Taxes, or any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, recoverable under or by virtue of the said Acts, and which shall or may have become due, or been incurred at any Time previous to the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer, appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise to eolleft or superintend the Collection of the said Taxes, or any of them, at any Time in the Day Time, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Sunset (with the Amftance of a Magistrate, Constable, or other Person acting as a Peace Officer) to enter into any House, and into every Out-house and Edifice appertaining thereto, and into the several Apartments therein, and take Information from his own View and Survey of the Number of Fine Hearths and other Places used for Firing and Stoves therein, and also of the Number of Windows or Lights therein; and such House or Edifice shall be charged accordingly with the Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths, and of the Number of Windows or Lights therein: Provided always, that if any House t t Edifice has been newly built, such Fire Hearths therein, as appear not to be capable of being uied at the Time of such Survey, shall not be charged, or if any such House or Edifice shall be finished only in Part, such House or Edifice Audi be rated only according to the inhabited Part thereof.

4 B a III. Provided

Irish He'irth Money AO, 49 G.3. 0.51 % repealed.

Officer

empowered to enter and iufvcy H ufet and charge the Tax on Hearths and Windows.

Proviso for Houses newly buik or

O'Jrner my r- fwfe Ottictr AdrmiTi n» into any Room upon allowing it to br charger! for One Hearth and Thice Windows. Taxes on Hearths and Windows cnargrat-le till Occupier.

Owner of Hcxife let in Lodgings shall be ioniiilered as Occupier.

Two Houfrs united (h ill be charged as One.

Duty on He irihs in Lodging Houses Two Shillings each.

Lodging Hou(V« shall r»c cha'ged 2* the R^te of One Shilling per Window.

WilfSows in all Out-offic's shall be charged.

What shall be reckoned as distinA W.ndo+3.

How Occupiers of Apartments ia Hospitals, Sec. and publick Offices shall be charged r> Hearths and Y^uidow Lights.

Ex -uipfion* a* to Warehouses, WeavingRa^mf, and Hoarding Schools.

C, io; . 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Case where any such Officer shall have been admitted or shall have made Entry into any House or Edifice for the Purpose aforesaid, the Owner or Occupier of such House or Edifice, or other Person who shall attend such Officer upon such Survey, upon consenting that the House or Edifice shall be chargeable with the Tax in respect of One Fire Hearth and of Three Windows for any Room therein, may refuse to admit such Officer into any such Room, except the same he a Kitchen or a Room in an Outhouse; and in every such Case every Officer shall accordingly charge such House with the Tax in respect of One Fire Hearth and Three Windows for every such Room.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Taxes on Fire Hearths, and on Windows or Lights, or on Houses in respect thereof, shall he charged on and be payable by the Occupiers of all Houses and the Out-houses and Edifices thereunto belonging respectively, and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier, or on the Goods and Chattels of any subsequent Occupier of such House at any Time for the Space of Two Years and no longer, after the said Taxes shall become due.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Dwelling House or Edifice, or any Part thereof, is " or shall he let in different Apartments to any Person or Persons, the Landlord or Owner or such House or Edifice shall be deemed to be the Occupier of the said House or Edifice, and shall be charged with and be liable to pay the Tax in respect of Windows or Lights for such Dwelling House or Edifice.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two Houses adjoining each other, and the same shall be occupied by one Person, and his or her Family, the Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths and of Windows or Lights shall be rated as if such Two Houses were One House.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no House situate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, Or within any City or Town Corporate, and containing Six Hearths or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and which shall be wholly set for Lodgings and occupied by Lodgers, each Lodgingfet to or occupied by One Person or Family, and not confiding of more than One Room, nor any House containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall be set to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not subject to a Rate exceeding Five Pounds yearly, though the same shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall be charged with any higher Rate of Tax than Two Shillings for each Hearth or other Firing Place therein.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any Room or Rooms shall be occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying respectively a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, so much of the Tax on such House in respect of all the Windows or Lights therein as shall, in respect of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such House so occupied, exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deduced from the whole Charge for such House.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Kitchen, Scullery, Butlery, Pantry, Larder, Washhouse, Landry, Bakehouse, Brewhouse, and Lodging Room belonging to or occupied with any Dwelling House in Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House, and all Windows or Lights therein, and also all Sky-lights or Windows or Lights in Stair Cases, Garrets, Cellars, Passages, and in all other Parts of Dwelling Houses, to what Use or Purpose soever applied, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows in respect of which such Dwelling House mall be charged with Duty under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That when a Partition or Division in any Window or Light shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Windows or Lights on each Side of such Partition or Division shall be deemed as diflindl Windows or Lights, and shall be rated accordingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame which is or shall be extended so far as to give Light into more Rooms than one, shall be reckoned and charged for so many separate Windows as there are Rooms lighted thereby.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Hospital, Charity School, or House provided for the Reception or Relief of Poor Persons, nor any Gaol, Prison, or Session House, nor any Hall, Office, or other publick Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall be charged to the Payment of the Duty in respect of Hearths or Windows therein, otherwise than in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any such publick Building being occupied by any Officer of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer, shall be deemed inhabited Houses within the Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly, and all such Rooms and Apartments not containing more than Six Windows shall be charged with the Tax in respect of Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for every Window or Light therein; and if such Rooms and Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire House, and the Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Taxes as Occupiers ot inhabited Houses under this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Taxes on Houses in respect of Windows, shall extend or be construed to extend to charge with such Tax any Warehouse or Workhouse being a distinct and separate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the Dwelling House or Shop, nor occupied as a Dwelling House, bat employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, although the same may adjoin to or have an internal Communication with the Dwelling House, nor to charge with such Tax arfy Dwelling House or other Building in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with or used for a Loom, which shall be {landing at such Window and be really used in weaving; nor to charge any Dwelling House occupied wholly as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person. licensed to keep a School, with any higher Rate or Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein: Provided always, that where any Person shall dwell in any Part of any Warehouse or Workhouse, such Parts thereof as shall be inhabited shall be considered as Part of the principal Dwelling House, and the Windows or Lights therein shall be rated with the Windows or Lights in the principal Dwelling House as One and the fame

557

A.D. 1805. 43° GEORGII III. C. 105.

fame House: Provided also, that ever^ Person keeping a Boarding School shall make and sign an Affidavit thereof, stating the Number of Windows or Lights in the House and Buildings occupied by inch Psrfon for such Purpose, before some Justice of the Peace, and shall deliver such Affidavit to the Collector of the Taxes in respe6! of Window Lights, or on Failure thereof such Person shall not be entitled to any Abatement of the full Duty chargeable on such House and Buildings in respect! of the Windows or Lights therein.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths or Windows shall not be charged on His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, or on any House within the Circuit thereof, or on any House or Tenement provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; nor on the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, of Queen Elizabeth, near Dublin,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Occupier of every Dwelling House, in which, with the Out-house or other Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be Two or more Hearths or Places used for Firing or Stoves, or Seven or more Windows or Lights, shall, when required by any Officer empowered to collea: the said Taxes upon Hearths and Windows, make due and immediate Declaration and Return of the greatest Number of Hearths, Firing Places, or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights respectively, which were in his or her House or Premises on the Twenty-fifth Day of March then next preceding; and shall, within Fourteen Days after any additional Hearth or Window shall be made or opened, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer aforesaid, or in his Absence, to the Collector of Excise of the District!, a true Lift or Account in Writing, under his or her Hand, of every such additional Hearth and Window respectively; and if any such Owner or Occupier shall refuse or neglect to make or deliver such Declaration or Return, Lift, or Account, or shall make any undue or false Declaration or Return, Lift, or Account, such Owner or Occupier shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Tea Pounds, and shall be chargeable with and pay Double the Tax which he or (lie ought otherwise by Law to be charged with, in respect of Hearths or Windows as the Case may be; and if at any Time a greater Number of Hearths or Windows shall be discovered in any House, Out-house, or Edifice appertaining thereto, than the Numbers respectively expressed in such Declaration or Return, Lift, or Account, it shall be taken and received as sufficient Proof of a false or untrue Return, Lift, or Account, unless due Proof be made by such Owner or Occupier, that the Hearth or Window so exceeding had been made or opened within Fourteen Days.

XV. And whereas Doubts may arise respecting the yearly Rents which Tenements or Dwelling Houses,

not having more than Six Windows or Lights, may be worth, or the yearly Rents which may be paid by the Occupiers respectively, or the Value of the Goods or Chattels such Occupiers may have over and above all their just Debts, ' be it enacted, That in every Case wherein any Officer, or other Person authorized to collect! the Taxes under this Act, shall doubt or shall suspect! the Truth of any Declaration made by the Occupier thereof, such Occupier shall, within Six Days after Demand, deliver to such Officer or other Person a Certificate in Writing or Print, and signed by the Person from and immediately under whom such Occupier holds such Tenement or Dwelling House, or of his or her known Agent, in the Form following:

I A.B. do certify that I know C.D. of E. in the Parish of F. and that he [or (lie, aj the Case may be] is Tenant to me, [or, to G. H. to whom I am Agent or Receiver,] and that the House or Tenement at E % 4 of which the said C.D. is Occupier, is not worth the yearly Rent of Fifty Shillings, [or Five Pounds, as the Case may be,] nor doth the said C.D. pay Rent te me, or to any other Person to my Knowledge cr Belief, for the said House or Tenement, or any other Tenement or Land, to a greater annual Amount in the Whole than Five Pounds yearly, (Money paid for Com Acres, Potatoe Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres, and for grazing, excepted), nor hath the said C.D. to the bed of my Judgement, Knowledge, and Belief, Goods or Chattels to the Value of Ten Pounds over and above all his [or her, as the Case may 4 be] just Debts. (Signed) 4 A. BI

And at the Foot of every such Certificate shall be annexed an Affidavit of the Occupier of such Tenement and House, made before some Justice of the Peace, in Form following;

' T C.D. of E. in the Parish of F., do swear, that I hold and occupy the House at E. aforesaid in which I«dwell, of A.B., and that the said Tenement and House is not worth the yearly Rent of Fifty Shillings, «[or Five Pounds, as the Case may be,] and that I have not any Goods or Chattels to the Value of Ten Pounds

over and above all my just Debts, and that I do not pay Rent for House, or House and Land, altogether«to a greater annual Amount than Five Pounds yearly, (Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres, and for grazing, excepted).'

And such Certificate and Affidavit shall be conclusive with respect! to the said Charge; Provided always that such Certificate and Affidavit shall be delivered to the Collector, or other Person authorized to collect! the said Tax, within Eight Days after the Pirft Demand shall be made of the said Tax, during which Eight Days it shall not be lawful to take any Distress for the fame; and if, during the Year for which any new Charge shall be made, the Person authorized to collect! the said Tax, shall have Reason to believe that any Change of Circumstances may have rendered any such Occupier subject! to such Charge, he may demand that such Certificate and Affidavit shall be renewed, and on Failure thereof he shall and may proceed to levy the Tax.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Owner or Occupier of any Dwelling House shall be charged with the Tax in respect! of Fire Hearths and Windows for the whole Year, for such Number of Fire Hearths and Windows as shall be in such Dwelling House, or in any Out-house or Edifice appertaining thereto, on the Twenty-sixth Day of March in any Year 5 and that if any Person shall, in order to evade the Payment of the Tax in rafpedt of Fire Hearths or on Windows or Lights* payable within such Year, ft of up, deface,

cover,

Tax on Hearths and Window* shall not be charged on Duhliu Ca&it or College.

Declaration by House Keeper*, and Return of Number of Windows and Hearths; and of Window* or Hearth* made or opened.

For ascertaining the Rents of Houses with Six Window* only.

Charge on Healths, ice, shall be from a6.h March yearly; Penalty on Hopping up Hearths, See. DuubkXax.

558 C. 105.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Hearth and Window Taxes

Goods of the Occupier or of the Landlord, c'urgt able as Occupier,

cover, or conceal any Hearth, Firing place, or Stove, or any Window or Light chargeable with the said Tax, and the same be proved, either by Conafiion of the Party, or upon Oath before any Justice, or by the Vie\V of such Justice, every stich Person shall be charged with and pay Double the Amount of the Tax for the same respectively: Provided always, that the Proof of the Time that any such Hearth, Fire Place, Window, or Light, may have been flopped, shall lie on the Owner or Occupier of the House; Provided also, that no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window, or Light, shall be deemed to be stopped up, unless the Whole of such Hearth, Fife Place, or Stove, be built up with Stones or Bricks and Mortar made with Lime, or such Window or Light be stopped up with the same Materials as the Wall or Roof adjoining thereto is composed of.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person is by this Act chargeable as Occupier.of any Dwelling House for the Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths or Windows therein, such Person shall pay

Distref^oVthe^ frid Taxes on Demand of the proper Officer, made either at the House in refyeCl of which such Ta: es are

1 re»o me charaeable, or at the Dwelling House of the Person so chargeable, if the Person so chargeable shall not reside at

the House in respect of which such Taxes are chargeable; and all Goods and Chattels in either of such Houses, and all Goods and Chattels of the Party so chargeable, wherever the same shall be found, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the said Taxes; and in Default of Payment of the said Taxes, it shall be lawful for such Officer to make Entry into any or either of such Houses, and any Edifices appertaining thereto, and to levy all Sums due for such Taxes, not exceeding Two Years Amount of such Taxes, by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels found in the said Houses respectively, or of any other Goods or Chattels of or belonging to the Person so chargeable, restorine the Overplus, if any, after the Payment of all such Taxes, and the 'Charges of such Distress, which shall in no Case exceed One Fourth Part of the Taxes so due, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person keeping Carriages for Hire, shall paint or cause to be painted, in Oil Colours, on a Board, with Letters visible and legible, at lead One Inch long, in White upon a Black Ground, or in Black upon a White Ground, his or her Name and Surname at full Length, and the Words, M Licensed to keep Carnages for Hire which Board shall be affixed m some conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Front of the House of such Person, not more than Three Feet distant from the Top of the Shop Door or Street Door of such House, and such Person shall preserve and keep up the same during the Time such Person shall continue to keep such Carriage or Carriages, or in Default thereof shall forfeit respectively the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person carrying on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker

byCoachojaker* of any Carriage chargeable with Duty, and every Person who shall fell any such Carriage by Way of Auction and Sellers of or on Commissionf, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward in Ireland, shall, on Demand of any Collector of the Tax on Fire Hearths or other Person authorized, after the passing of this Act, and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, and before he or she shall make, build, or construct, or shall fell, or expose for Sale any such Carriage respectively, pay to such Collector or other Person as aforesaid, the Rates or Duties which he or she shall be then chargeable with in respect of carrying on the said Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of Carriages chargeable with Duty, or of felling such Carriage as aforesaid; and the said Collector or other Person shall, immediately on receiving the Rates or Duties as aforesaid, give an Acquittance or Certificate under his Hand to such Coachmaker, or to such Maker or Seller of Carriages as aforesaid, which Acquittance or Certificate shall fully describe his or her Residence, whether the Rates or Duties be paid on Account or in respect of such Person being a Coachmaker, or Maker of Carriages chargeable with Ta*', or of being a Seller of such Carriages byWay of Auction or on Commission, for or in Expectation of Profit or Reward, and be duly dated 011 the Day of Payment, which Acquittance or Certificate shall be Evidence of such Coachmaker, or Maker or, Seller of Carriages as aforesaid, having paid the said Rates or Duties on the Day dated therein respectively $ and if any such Person shall make, build, or construct, or shall fell by Auction or on Commission, for or in Evpectation of Profit or Reward, any such Carriage in Ireland, during the Continuance of this Act, or after the Twenty-fifth Day of March in any Year, and before he or she shall have paid to the Collector of the Tax on Fire Hearths, or other Person authorized) the Duty or Tax he or she shall be chargeable with respectively as aforesaid, such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds*

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Hackney Coach, nor any Coach or Carriage let out for polling, shall be exempted as such, unless such Hackney Coach or other Carriage, and the Owner thereof, or Person letting the fame, ' shall be duly licensed according to Law 5 nor shall any. Carriage be exempted as a Carriage let out to hire, unless the Person keeping the same shall take out a Licence for that Purpose from the Collector of the District in which he or she shall reside, which Licence such Collector shall grant without Fee or Reward 5 nor unless the Name and Surname of the Person keeping any such Carriage, not being a Mourning Coach or Hearse, and his or her Place of Abode, be painted on the Outside of the Pannel of each Door of such Carriage, in Words at Length, in White Letters on a Black Ground, or in Black Letters on a White Ground, not less than One Inch long.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any other Act contained shall e\tend, or be con^rue(^ to extend, to charge any Hackney Coach, or any Coach or Chaise let out for polling by the Mile or otherwise, or any Mourning Coach used only as such, or any Hearse, or any Stage or Mail Coach, or any Coach or Chaise used in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, Limerick, or Belfajly solely for the Purpose of being let out by the Job, with any of the Duties imposed on Carriages by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

Tax on Car-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland having in his, her, or their Keeping or

ruges charged Possession any Carriage chargeable with Duty, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland,

whPrrpnff ff ^on£PaS° ^7 other Person (otlter than and except Coachmakers having Carriages hi their Possession for Sak^|

they are.

Tcrfoni keeping Carnages for Hi' flv il put up Board.*, Pcuaiiy lot.

Duties payable

Carriages be paid ycatly to Hear.h Monty Collector, Penalty aol.

What shall be deemed Hackney Coaches, &c.

Certain Car-

A.D. 18cs.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 105.

550

shall be charged with and pay the Tax payable for such Carriage, in the same Manner as the Owner or Proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every rerson in Ireland having, keeping, using, or employing, Lists of Car-or having had, kept, used, or employed, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred Servant*,

and five, any Carriage with Two Wheels or Four Wheels, or any Male Servant, or any Dog, or any Horse, ^ofres*fliaUbe Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in respect of which any Tax or Duty is or may be imposed by any Act or delivered by Acts now or at any Time hereafter in force in Ireland shall, upon Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice Owner* n served by the Collector of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or by any Officer appointed by the said Commissioners Officer*, on of Excite, to collect or superintend the Collection of any of the Taxes in this Act mentioned, in the Pariftx or District in which such Person shall reside, deliver to such Collector or other Officer, a true Lift or Account and

in Writing under his or her Hand, of every such Carriage, and of every such Male Servant, and of every such Dog, and of every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, and Mule, which any such Person shall or may have had, kept, used, or employed, or shall or may have, keep, use, or employ, at the Time of such Demand, or at the Time of the Receipt of any such Notice, or at any Time after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, or at any Time after the Twenty-fifih Day of March in any subsequent Year; and which Lift shall contain the Nam, e and Surname of the Person delivering such Lift, the Name of his or her Residence or Place of Abode at the Time of delivering such Lift, and of the Place, Parish, Barony, and County in which such Residence is situate, and the Description of every such Carriage with Four Wheels, and every such Carriage with Two Wheels; and the Name and Surname of every such Servant, and the Capacity in which such Servant was or is or shall be employed, ind the Kind or Description of every such Dog, and the Uses or Purposes for which every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule was or is, or shall be kept or used; and from Time to Time, as often as any such Person shall keep or have any additional Carriage, or shall retain or employ any additional Servant, or mall keep or use any additional Dog, or any additional Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, beyond the Number of the same respectively expressed in any such Lift, then every such Person respectively shall, within Fourteen Days after such additional Carriage shall be kept or come into the Possession of such Person, or after any additional Male Servant shall be retained or employed, or any additional Dog, or any additional Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, shall be kept or used by such Person, in like Manner deliver to the said Collector, or other Officer, a like Lift or Account of every such additional Carriage, Male Servant, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, as the Case may be; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to deliver, in Manner aforesaid, any such Lift or Account as is herein before required, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account of the Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them; or if at any Time any such Person shall keep, retain, employ, or use any greater Number of Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, than shall be expressed and mentioned in such Lift or Account delivered by such Person pursuant to this Act, or shall keep, retain, employ, or use any Carriage, Servant, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, not expressed and mentioned in such Lift, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall be chargeable with and pay Double the Tax which such Person ought otherwise by Law to be charged with, in respect of any such Carriage, /

Servant, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, as the Case may be, of which such Person shall have neglected or refused to deliver a List or Account in Manner required by this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall, from Time to Account* shall Time, enter in a Bock to be kept solely for that Purpose by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, the d^fvec^"jy Number and Kinds of Carriages by him built and constructed for Sale, distinguishing the Number of Wheels Ceachmakeri of each; and if with Two Wheels, whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses abreast or otherwise; and Seller* of and the Number fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, and the Days ou Ca-nagr*, which each Carriage was delivered or sent out of the Shop or Warehouse of such Coachmaker or Maker of ^coai, y Carriages; and every Person selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, shall keep a like Book, and in like Manner enter in the same the Number and Kinds of Carriages sold by such Person, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which such Carriages were fold, and to whom they were so fold respectively; all which Books shall, at all reasonable Times in the Day Time, be open to the Inspection of the,

Collector of the Tax on Fire Hearths, or any Officer appointed to superintend the Collection of the Tax ou Fire Hearths in the District where such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall reside, and carry on his Business; and such Inspector, Supervisor, and Collector, shall have Power to enter into the House,

Manufactory, Workshop, and other Buildings of every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and Peifoa selling Carriages as aforesaid, and take an Account of all Carriages there, and to satisfy himself of the Thith of such Entries in any such Houses respectively; and every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and other Person hereby required to keep such Account respectively, shall, within Twenty Days after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty ninth Day of September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and the Twenty-firth Day of March in each and every Year after the passing of this Act, deliver a true Copy in Writing of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively, within the Quarter of a Year ending on such Day respectively, containing the several Matters and Things before directed, to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall reside; and when required so to do by the Commissioners of Inland Excise, or Collector of Inland Excise in such District, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, or his or her chief Servant, Workman, or Manager,

shall make Oath (or being a Quaker, ap Affirmation) of the Truth of such Account, according to the beffi of his Knowledge and Belief; and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by fttch Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall, to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief; evprefs the Christian and Surname of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her, ot their usual Residence; and if any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person fhaB neglect to

keep

Dig

560

Duties on CoacWniuk ers, &c. shall he paid co lUaith Money Colkdor*.

Tax on Servants CIsall not extend to Servants in Uttfbandiy.

By wlmm ?lie Tax on Gioomr, &c. let to h re, and on Gardeners Hull be paid.

Exemption for Servants of Lord L '-ute-n.int, &c.

Exemptions for Servants of Officers in Army and Navy.

Exemption of Servants of Half Pay Officers.

Lids shall be delivered all Carriage*, Stc. kept by any Person at different Places.

Penalty 10l.

JRerurns by JHousekcej^rs of Carriages, 4cc. kept by Ledgers. Penalty iol.

C, IC-5-. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

keep such Account, or deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to V? contained therein, or shall refuse to admit any such Inspector, Supervisor, or Coile£lor, into the House, Manufactory, Workshop, or other Buildings of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, at a reasonable Hour, for the Purposes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of Excise of the District to whom such Account as aforesaid shall be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Person selling Carriages as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to the several Collectors of the Duty on Fire Hearths within his District, an Account of all such Duties as shall be due from any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Persons selling Carriages, within the Walk of such Collectors of the Duties on Fire Hearths respectively; and such Collectors of the Duties on Fire Hearths shall demand, receive, and colle£l the said Duties accordingly, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities as the Duties on Fire Hearths may be collected under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Taxes in respect of Male Servants shall not extend to any Servant who shall be really retained or employed for the rurpose of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Mailer or Mistress of such Sen ant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any Time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

XXVII. Provided also, That the Tax payable for ever)' Coachman, Groom, or Poflilion in Ireland, let out to hire by Way of Job, shall be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Coachman, Groom, or Poflilion, shall be let to hire respectively; and the Tax payable for any Gardener retained or employed by any Person who shall contra6l for the keeping of any Garden, shall be paid by the Person for whose Use and in whose Garden such Gardener shall be employed.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Taxes payable for Male Servants shall not be charged in respect of the Servants of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; nor in respc£l of any Butler, Cook, Gardener, or Porter of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, nor in respect of any Servants of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or any Hospital or charitable Institution.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Taxes on Male Servants shall not be charged on any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided he retains no more than one Servant; nor on any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, for any Servant who is actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong; nor on any Officer in His Majesty's Navy under the Rank of a Master and Commander, in actual Employment, for any Servant who is borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Officer on Half Pay from His MajestVs Navy, Army, or Marines shall be charged for the said Tax on Male Servants for One*Male Servant only, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners ef His Majesty's Revenue of Inland Excise, on Application made to them by such Officer, and Proof made that he is an Officer on Half Pay as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to make an Abatement of the whole Tax from the Charge against such Officer, with the Consent or Direction of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person wno shall deliver any List or Account required by this Act as aforesaid, and who shall keep, use, or employ any Carriage, Male Ser/ant, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule in any other Place in Ireland than the Place where such Lift or Account shall be delivered, shall in every such Lift or Account set forth the whole Number of Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Marcs, Geldings, and Mules kept and used by such Person in Ireland, in order that such Person may be charged for the same according to the Rate chargeable on the greatest Number retained in the Whole \ and such Person shall specify the Places, with the Parish and Barony in which the same shall be situate, where each such Carriage, Servant, Dog, Horse, Marc, Gelding, or Mule, shall be at the Time when such Person shall deliver such Lift, and shall make and sign a Declaration of the Parish or Place in which such Person intends to pay for all such Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules; and on Proof of Payment by any Person of the Taxes in respect of all such Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules in any one Parish or Place by Production of the Receipt, signed by the Collector to whom the Payment shall have been made, or of a Certificate by such CoIle6lor, such Person shall be acquitted from the Payment of the said Taxes respectively, in any other Parish or Plae^ in Ireland; and if any Person shall neglect or refuse to set forth such Particulars as are hereby required in such Lifts or Accounts, such Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXII. And whereas Difficulties mayTometimes arise in discovering Lodgers or Inmates in Houses % Iiab!e to pay the said Taxes in respect of Carriages, Male Sen ants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Gildings, and Mules, be it therefore enacted, That every Inhabitant Householder of any House in which any Lodger or Inmate shall reside, who shall keep or use any Carriage, Servant, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule upon or in respect of which any Tax is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall deliver to any Officer appointed to collect or super-intend the Collection of any of the Taxes aforesaid on Demand, or within Ten Days after the Notice served by such Officer, a true Lift or Account in Writing, under the Hand of such Inhabitant Householder expressing the Name and Surname of evciy such Lodger or Inmate, with an Account of every Carriage, Servant, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept, retained, employed, or used by such Lodger or Inmate to the best of the Knowledge and Information of such Inhabitant Householder; and if any such Inhabitant

Householder

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III.

C. 105. 561

Householder shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Lift as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit or misrepresent any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Notices by this Act required to be given by any Officer in respect of the Taxes mentioned in this A £1 requiring any List or Account thereof, and ihe several Lifts or Accounts to be delivered pursuant to such Notices by every Person subject to the said Taxes, or any of them, shall and may be in such Form or Forms adapted to the particular Lifts or Accounts required as the Commissioners of Inland Excise in Ireland may from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person having or owning any House subject to the Tax in respect of Fire Hearths or Windows, or keeping, using, or employing any Carriage, or any Servant, or any Dog, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule upon or in respect of which any Tax or Duty is or may be^ payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from Ire1and$ then a List or Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows in any House belonging to such Person, and of any and every Carriage or Servant, or Dog, or Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, 'kept, used, or employed by such Person, made out and subscribed by the Agent, Steward, Housekeeper, or principal Servant of such Person so absent, and delivered as aforesaid, shall be of the same Effect as if such Lift or Account were made out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owning and occupying such House, or keeping, using, or employing any such Carriage, Servant, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule respectively, as the Case may be.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Question or Difference shall arise between any Person charged or chargeable with any Tax in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Marcs. Geldings, or Mules, and any Officer charging the same or employed to collect! or superintend the Collection thereof, such Question and Difference shall be heard and determined in the Presence of such Officer by any Justice of the Peace to whom Complaint shall be made; provided, that if such Officer or the Party charged with the Tax shall not be satisfied with the Determination of such Justice, it shall and may be lawful, as well for the Party charged as for the Officer, to appeal from such Determination to the next General Sessions of the Peace, and the Justices attending the same are hereby empowered and required to examine and inquire into any such Determination upon Oath, and to confirm or reverie the fame, and pronounce Judgement thereon, which Judgement shall be final and conclusive as to the Matter in Dispute, and the Person charged with the Tax may be examined upon Oath, if such Person shall desire it, upon such Complaint.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Officer authorized to collet! all or any of the aforesaid Taxes, is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to levy, collect, and receive the several Taxes on Houses, in respect to the Number of Windows and Lights therein, and on Carriages, and on Coach Makers, or Makers or Sellers of Carriages, whether in respect of carrying on the Trade of a Coach Maker, or Seller of such Carriages, or in respect of having made, built, or constructed, or of having fold any such Carriages 5 and the Taxes on Male Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules; in the same Manner, and with like Powers and Authorities, as the Taxes on Fire Hearths may by Law be levied, collected, recovered and received; and that every Person chai^eable with and liable to pay the said Taxes respectively, or any of them, shall, on Demand made at the House of such Person by any such Officer, pay to such Officer the several and respectiva Rates, Duties, and Taxes, which such Person shall be so chargeable with and liable to, and which shall be then payable or in Arrear 5 and in case of Refusal, or Default in Payment thereof, or any Parr thereof, after such Demand, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, at any Time in the Day Time, with the Assistance of a Con liable or other Peace Officer, or if no such Constable or other Peace Officer shall appear or attend, then without such Assistance to make Entry into and upon the House, Office, or other Premises of the Person chargeable with the said Taxes, or any of them, and to levy the same and all Arrears thereof by Distress and % >ale of any Goods of such Person, in or upon such House, Office, or other Premises 5 or, if no Goods shall ke found in such House, Office, or Premises, sufficient to satisfy all such Taxes so payable, and all Arrears thereof, then it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to levy the same by Distress and Sale of any Goods of such Person whensoever such Goods shall be found, restoring to the Party the Overplus of such Money, as such Goods shall be Cold for, over and above the Tax and Arrears thereof then due, and over and above the neccfiaiy Charges of taking such Distress; and every such Officer shall have a Book or Books prepared for the Collection of each of the said Taxes, or for any Two or more of them, as the Commissioners of Inland Excise may deem expedient, in which every Leaf shall be divided into three Columns, and upon each of the said Columns shall be printed or written the Name and Residence of the Person chargeable, and the Duty wherewith, and on what Account such Person is chargeable; and upon the Middle, and also upon the extreme of the said Columns shall be printed or written over and above what shall be contained as 'above directed, theie Words Received the full Amount of the foregoing Duties, , specifying the Time and Tlace; and each such Column shall be signed by the Collector when he receives the Duty.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Columns shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct5 and the E Ureme A>r Third of the said Columns shall be stamped with the Duty payable thereon, as for a Receipt; and it shall be separated or cut off by a Cut through the oblique Line, Flourish, or Device, which joins it to the middle Column, and shall be delivered to the Person paying Duty on the Account specified therein, and shall be signed by the Person receiving such Duty; and the Middle of the said Columns shall be likewise cut off in like Manner, being first signed by the Person receiving the Duty therein stated, and who shall have signed the extreme or third Column, and shall be transmitted to the Collector of Inland Excise of the District, within the Week on which the Money shall have been so received; and the first Column shall remain in the Book to be kept by the Collector of the Tax, and produced by him at all Times for the Inspection of any superior Officer.

45 Geo. III. 4 C XXXVIII. And

Form of

Notices shall be

foificri by Commissioners of Excise.

Returns on Behalf of Absenrees may be made by their Servants.

Disputes shall be determined by Justices, with Appeal to Session*.

Officers empowered to e >llc£t and di drain for Taxes.

Regularity the Receipts for Tuxes uu*!er this Act.

562

No Fee for Receipts.

Collectors who # elo not make Returns shall be charged as herein.

Monthly Duty payable on Engines for making Paper according tt> their respective

Dimensionj, viz.

32l. 19s. 8d. See.

Duty on Paper shall be paid by Wright if it exceeds the Sum payable on the Engine.

Monthly Charge on Engine if employed only in making inferior Paper,

16I 13s. 4d.

C/io5, ic6. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That Receipts given by virtue of this Act shall be given without

Fee or Reward of any Nature or Kind whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Person appointed to collect the Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, or any of them, shall not within Ten Days after Demand in Writing, signed by any Commissioner of Excise served on such Person, or left at his ufuul Place of Abode, whether he be then in Commission as an Excise Officer or not, return a full and distinct Account of his Collection of the said several Taxes, specifying such as he may have omitted to collect (if any such there be), then and in such Case the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, in the Walk or Parish or Parishes, as the Case may bd, wherein he shall have been appointed to collect, shall, for such Year as he shall so fail to deliver such Account for, be deemed equal to the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, collected in such Walk, or Parish or Parishes, for the Year next preceding, or any other of the Three last Years, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners; and such Person shall be charged with such Sum as the Taxes payable in such Year would have amounted unto, according to the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, respectively appearing to have been charged in such Walk, Parish or Parishes, in such Year, but according to the Rates payable in the Year in which such Account shall not have been so returned; and such Collector shall be liable to and shall pay the same, and his Sureties shall be answerable therefore to the Extent of the Sum contained in the Bond or other Security which such Sureties shall have entered into.

u Penalties payable in British Currency, and recoverable as under Irish Excise Act 14, 15 C. 2. c 8, &c. §40* 44 — Penalties under iol. may be recovered before One Justice within Three Months. Appeal to Quarter Sessions. 44 Penalties above iol may be recovered by Action, §41. — Proceedings of Justices not removable by Certiorari, " §42. — Penalty on Magistrates who neglect to do as required by this Act 50l. §43. [See 45 Geo. 3. c 53. " §63, 64, 65 and 68.] — Continuance of Act, 29th September i8e6. $ 44."

CAP. CVI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fijr,

and amend, several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in

Ireland\ and on Paper printed or Rained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses.

[xoth July 1805.]

WHEREAS the Laws in force in Ireland, for the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland\ and on Paper printed, painted, or Rained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, are insufficient, and it is expedient to amend the fame/ be it therefore enacted by the King's moR Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Dav of July One thousand eight hundred and five, in lieu of any Duties chargeable under any Act or Acts in force in Inland\ on any Maker of Paper in respect of any Engine used by him or her, the Duty chargeable on Paper, made by any Maker of Paper, and of the Papers called PaRe Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, in Ireland, who shall keep any Engine for the making of any of the said Papers, which shall not in the Inside exceed Twelve Feet in Length, Five Feet in Breadth, and Two Feet in D.epth, shall for each and every Calendar Month, commencing from the said Twenty-fifth Day of July, and so in like Manner for each and every Calendar Month, commencing from the Twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, and in each and every subsequent Year, be not less than after the Rate following; that is to say, for each and every such Engine kept by such Maker of Paper the Sum of Thirty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight-pence; and if such Engine shall be of greater Dimensions than as aforesaid, then not less than such Sum as shall be in the Proportion to the Size of such Engine of greater Dimensions as the said Sum of Thirty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight-pence is to the Size of an Engine of the Dimensions herein-before described, as and for the Duty according to Weight of such Quantity of any of the Papers aforesaid, as may Fe produced from any such Engine within each Month.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Duty chargeable by Weight on the Paper made with any such Engine within any such Month, shall, in either of the said Cases, exceed the Sum herein-before directed to be charged for any such Month in respect of any such Engine, then and in such Case such Maker of Paper shall be charged with and pay such Excess of Duty on the said Papers according to the Weight thereof.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Engine shall have been employed by any Maker of Paper, during the Whole of any Month, (commencing on the Twenty-sixth Day of one Month, and ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of the Month following), in making such Paper only as is chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, and if no more than One Vat shall be used or employed with Rich Engine, and if such Vat so employed shall not exceed the Contents of a Vessel Six Feet in Length, Five Feet in Breadth, and Four Feet in Depth, such Paper Maker shall be charged with and pay for and in respect of such Engine for each Month the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence; or if the Duty on such Paper, according to the Weight thereof, shall exceed the said Sum of Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Fourpence, such Maker of Paper shall be charged with and pay such Sum as such Duty shall actually amount unto, in lieu and instead of the Sum herein-before charged on and made payable by such Maker of Pape* for such Month; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. tc*6,

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Maker of Paper shall intend to employ nny Engine for the Whole of any Month (beginning and ending as aforesaid) in making Paper chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, such Maker of Paper shall. Si < Days at lead before the Beginning of such Month, give Notice of such his Intention to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Manufactory of such Maker of Paper; and if such Maker of Paper shall make any such Paper without having given such Notice, or shall, during such Month, make any Paper with such Engine, chargeable with a Duty exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight; or if any Maker of Paper shall, in any One Month^ (beginning and ending as aforesaid), make with the lame Engine any Paper chargeable with a Duty exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, and also Paper chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, then and in every fucL Case such Maker of Paper shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and Sums of Money shall be charged and paid and payable in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures-as are mentioned and contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper trade in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein; or in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and ameuding the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year; or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Duties on Paper: And all Rule*, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said Acts or any of them contained, shall be applied in Execution of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted by this Act, except only so far as thp same are altered by this Act.

VI. And, for the better regulating and securing the Duty payable on Paper printed, painted, or dained,

4 to serve for Hangings and other Uses, ' be it enacted, That no Person shall print, paint, or (lain any Paper in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Use9, without having taken out and having in force a Licence to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, duly granted and stamped according to Law. [See 45 G.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer or Person to whom any Licence shall be granted to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, at any Time after the passing of this Act shall, before the obtaining such Licence, enter into a Bond, with Two sufficient Sureties, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty after the Rate of Twenty-five Pounds for each Table for damping Paper Hangings, to be kept by such Penon, conditioned for the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be chargeable and charged by Law on such Person, for the Duties on Paper, printed, painted, or dained, under and by virtue of this Act, orany other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to such Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer or Person to whom any Licence shall have been granted to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, at any Time before the passing of this Act, shall, within one Month after the passing of this Act, and every Paper Stainer, or other Person requiring such Licence at any Time after the passing of this Act, shall, before any such Licence shall be granted, make out, sign, and deliver to the Collector of the Didrid, an Account in Writing, to be entered and regidered in the Office of Excise in the Didrid in which the Manufactory of such Person shall be situate, containing his or her Name, Place or Places of Abode, and the Place where such Manufactory is situate, and the Number of Tables for (lamping, printing, painting, or daining Paper Hangings, to be kept or used by such Person; each of which Tables shall be of the Dimensions of Ten Feet Six Inches in Length, and Two Feet Six Inches in Breadth, and of no greater or other Length or Breadth; and such Person shall also in like Manner, make out, sign, and deliver an Account in Writing, to be so entered and regidred as aforesaid, of the several Rooms and Places wherein any Part of such Business is to be carried on, or wherein any Materials for such Business are to be kept or dored; and in such written Account, the Person making the same shall distinguisfi every such Table, and also every such Room and Place, by separate Numbers relating to each, in arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One; and upon some v: fible Part of every such Table, and also upon the Outside of the Door of every such Room, shall paint, or cause to be painted with Oil Colour, in a Black Chocolate Ground, or White, or in a Black Ground, and shall keep thereon so painted the Number thereof respectively, in conformity with such Account; and that the Surveyor of Excise, within- whose Survey such Manufactory shall be situate, shall, at the Bottom of every such Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the Collector, certify such Account by signing his Name thereto; and thereupon the, Collector of Excise of the

District shall file or enter and regider such Account in the Office of Excise of the District, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Regidry, by giving a Copy thereof, signed by him, to the Party who delivered such Account; and before any such Licence shall be granted at any Time after the passing or this Act, such Certificate shall be produced to the Person empowered to grant such Licence; and such Account and Regidiy, and every such Certificate thereof, shall be Evidence on any Question that shall or may arise, or on any Information in consequence of or touching any of the Provisions of this Act, or any other Act in force respecting the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or dained to serve for Paper Hangings or other Uses.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Stainer shall, from and after the Eupiration- of One Month after the passing of this Act, have or keep or makeufe of any Table for damping Paper Hangings not set forth, or not numbered as set forth, or in any other Place than shall be set forth, in the Account by this Act required to be made and delivered by such Paper Stainer, and filed, entered, or regidered as aforesaid; or if any Paper Stainer shall have, keep, or make use of any Table for damping, printing, painting or staining Paper Hangings of any other Dimensions, or any other Table, than shall have been set forth in such Account, Entry, or Regidry, without having riven Six Days Notice in Writing to the Officer in charge of his Or her Manufactory, and without an Account thereof being made out, /igned, delivered, entered, and registered

4 C 2 - in

5

P.»per M.iker

lh-11 give No- ice of employing Engine in making inferiot* Piper, and fh.H emp! »y lanv* accnf^ii'.glv. Penalty of

Irish Adl»t G. 3 c. 9: & 40 G. 3.C. 76. applied ro the Du'ics on Pper under this Act.

Paper Sta 'vers shall be licenltd according to Law.

3. c. 20, and c* ] Bond shall be entered into by Pjrty liccnieU to be a Paper Stabler.'

To obtain such Licence the Party shall make out Account, to be ontered in the Excise Office, containing the.Particulars of his Name, the Number of his Tablet, Sec. of which Entry, Colkdlor shall give aCetlificate.

Penaltyn Papt r Stainer having any Stamping, Table not regifttred, $ol. for each Table and Forfeiture.

J64

Penalty on kevping P.iper in unregistereri Stores fol. ayd Forfeiture.

Officer

empowered to enter and take Accounts with Paper Stainer.

Penalty on ohdructri g Officer, 10L

Penalty on not affording Accommodation to Officers, zol.

Paper Srainerf shall give Notice of Time of working.

Penalty 50l.

Paper Stainers shall begin to work on the a6th of every Month.

Notice of Ddconlinuance.

After Notice of 'Discontinuance by Paper Stainer, the Officer shall attend to see that the working is discontinued; ami if it is a^t,

C, jo6. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

in Manner aforesaid, such Paper Stainer shall forfeit for every such Table for flam ping Paper Hangings the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the said Table, and the Blanket or Covering thereof, and all Appurtenance* thereto, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper in Ireland, shall keep any Paper fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the Uses or Purposes of Paper Hangings, or any Paper printed, painted, or stained, in any Warehouse, Room, or Place not entered and registered pursuant to this Act; and if any such Paper, whether marked with a Frame Mark or unmarked, or flamptd or un-stamped, shall be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper in any such Warehouse, Roomj or Place, then and in every such Case the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence; and all Paper so found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise at all Times, as well byNi ght as by Day, and if in the Night, in the Presence of aConftabie or Officer of the Peace, to enter into every Manufactory, Workhouse, Warehouse, and Place whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and to measure and take an Account of every Table for (lamping, printing, painting, or itaining Paper Hangings, of or belonging to or kept or used by any such Person, and of all Paper which shall be from Time to Time received and made use of by such Person; and of all Paper stamped, printed, painted, or Rained by such Person; and of all such Paper, whether the same shall or shall not be printed, painted, or Rained, as shall be in any Manufactory, House, Store, or Place belonging to such Paper Stainer, and to make the Returns by this Act required, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That if any such Person, or any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Person, shall obstruct or hinder any Officer of Excise, from entering into the Manufactory or other Place whatsoever of such Person; or if any such Officer or his AffiRants, having entered, shall be hindered, obstructed, or prevented by such Person, or Servant or Person acting in the Employment of fu«h Person, from taking an Account, or from doing any Part of his Duty in the Execution of this Act, such Paper Stainer shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Person shall not have conRantly fixed in his, her, or their Manufactory safe and convenient Steps, Stairs, or Ladders, to every Apartment or Place therein used for printing, painting, or Raining of Paper, or keeping or storing the fame, sufficient to enable any Officer of Excise, who shall enter such Manufactory, to have convenient and safe Access to the several Apartments and Places therein, or shall, on any Vilit made by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to supply every such Officer, on Demand, with sufficient Lights, for the Purpose of viewing and taking an Account of the Stock belonging to such Paper Stainer, as well by Day as by Night, every Person so offending, in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Person shall, before commencing to use or work any Table or Tables for Ramping, printing, painting, or Raining Paper Hangings, at any Time after the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, and before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and in like Manner before commencing to use or work any inch Table or Tables in any subsequent Year, commencing from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and so in like Manner before recommencing to use or work any such Table after any Discontinuance thereof in Manner herein after mentioned, give Six Days Notice in Writing to the Officer in charge of the Manufactory, of such Person, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Person intends to commence so to use or work any such Table respectively, or to recommence so to use or work any such Table as is herein after provided; and shall in such Notice specify the Number or respective Numbers by which such Table or Tables are distinguished in the Entry or Regifiry thereof* in Manner aforesaid; and any Person who shall print, paint, or Rain any Paper at any Table, or who shall use or work any Table without having gives such respective Notices, or any Table or Tables other than such as shall be specified in such respective Notices, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no other Day shall be mentioned in any such Notice than the Twenty-sixth Day of some Month in the Year; and that every Table shall be presumed to be used and kept regularly at work from the Day mentioned in any such Notice so to be given by any such Person for the commencing or recommencing to use or work the lame, until the using or working thereof shall be discontinued in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, every such Person may from Time to Time discontinue using or working any such Table, on giving Notice in Writing of his or her Intention so to discontinue using or working the fame, to the Surveyor or Officer in charge of the Manufactory of such Person, Six Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for so discontinuing to use or work any such Table: Provided always, that the Day mentioned in any such Notice for so discontinuing to work, shall be the Twenty-fifth Day of some Month in the Year, and shall not be less than One Calendar Month distant from the Day mentioned in the Notice given by such Paper Stainer for commencing to work or use the same in Manner aforesaid 5 and any Notice which shall be given contrary to the Directions herein-before mentioned and specified, shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That at the Time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, such Person shall remove from off the Table, of the discontinuing the using or working of which such Notice shall have been so given, the Blanket, Cloth, or other Covering thereof, and shall not replace the same until he shall again commence working or using the fame, in pursuance of Notice, according to the Directions of this Act; and if at any Time after the Day mentioned in such Notice of Discontinuance, and before the Day mentioned in any Notice for recommencing to use or work such Table, such Table shall be found covered with any Blanket or Cloth, or shall be used for Ramping, printing, painting, r Raining Paper Hangings, such Paper

Stainer

A.D. 1805. 4-5° GEORGII III. C. 106.

Stainer shall continue to be charged with and pay Duty as if be had not given tny Notice of Discontinuance, and such Notice of Discontinuance shall be deemed void, and of no effect.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have discontinued the using or working of any Table in Manner-aforesaid, shall intend to life or set at work again any such Table so discontinued, mch Person shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Officer in charge of the Manufactory of such Person Six Days at leaf! before the Day on which such Person shall intend recdmmencing to use or work any such Table, specifying the Day agreeable to the Provisions of this Act, and the Hour on which he intends so recommencing to work or use such Table, which Day shall not be left than One Calendar Month distant from the Time of the last Discontinuance to use or work such Table.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer shall, for each and every Calendar Month while any such Table or Tables shall be continued to be worked or used, or shall be chargeable as continuing to be worked or used, by any such Paper Stainer, be charged with and pay for each and every such Table so worked or used, or chargeable as aforesaid* not less than the Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence, as and for the Duty according to the Number of square Yards of printed, painted, or stained Paper, which maybe damped, printed, painted, or drained, at any such Table within each Month.

XIX. Provided always and be it enacted, That if the Duty chargeable by Measure on the Paper which shall be aft u ally damped, printed, painted, ordained, at such Table wi min any such Month, shall exceed the said Sum of Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence, then such Paper Stainer shall be charged with and pay such Excess of the Duty on all such Paper according to the Measure thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That within Ten Days after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the Day mentioned in any Notice for the Beginning or Recommencement of the working of any Table in Manner directed by this Act, and so in like Manner within Seven Days after the Expiration of every other Period of One Calendar Month, while any such Table shall continue to be used or worked, or shall be presumed to continue to be used or worked, or shall be chargeable as continuing to be used or worked, the Officer in charge of the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer shall make a Return to the Collector of the Excise of the Didrift of the Sum of Money with which such Paper Stainer is hereby chargeable for such Period of One Calendar Month for and in respect of each and every such Table, and also of the Quantities in square Yards of Paper actually printed, painted, or dained, by such Paper Stainer within such Period of One Calendar Month, and of the Duty thereon, according to the Measure thereof; and every such Officer shall, and he is hereby required, to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing, under his Hand, with every such Paper Stainer, or at such Manufactory, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect or Omission in so doing; and such Return of such Officer shall be a Charge upon every such Paper Stainer for such Calendar Month; and such Paper Stainer shall pay the Duty appearing by fuqli Return and Charge to have become due and payable within Fourteen Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every Paper Stainer shall, for every Default in Payment of any such Duty, forfeit the Sum of

' Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Duty so returned and charged.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Paper Stainer shall, under the proper Hand of such Paper Stainer, or under the proper Hand of some Person for whom such Paper Stainer mall be responsible, within Ten Days after the Expiration of every Month, at the Excise Office of the District in which the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer shall be situate, make true Entry of the Quantity in square Yards of Paper actually printed, painted, or stained, by such Paper Stainer, within the Month next preceding, and of the Number of Tables uled at any Time within such Month by such Paper Stainer 5 and the said Entry shall be made on Oath of such Paper Stainer, or the chief Workman or Servant of such Paper Stainer, which Oath the Collector of Excise is hereby empowered to administer; and such Paper Stainer shall, within Fourteen Days next after the Expiration of such Month, pay and clear off the Whole of the Duty payable for such Paper so printed, painted, or stained, or for or in respect of the Number of Tables used by such Paper Stainer within such Month, upon pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Omission, Neglect, or Default of such Entry or Payment* together with a Sum equal to double the Duty which such Paper Stainer shall by Law be chargeable with for such Month.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any Officer of Excise and any such Paper Stainer, touching the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of such Officer upon such Paper Stainer for or in respect of any such Table, or any Quantity of Paper printed, painted, or stained pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify, by Affidavit made before the Collector of the District, or some Justice of the Peace, that such Return made by him is true and fair according to the best of his Skill and Knowledge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charge upon such Paper Stainer disputing the Came: Provided always, that no Paper Stainer shall be allowed to controvert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty made by any Officer, unless such Paper Stainer shall have made a regular Monthly Return of the Quantity of Paper printed, painted, or stained by such Paper Stainer, and the Number of Tables used by such Paper Stainer, and paid the Duty chargeable on the fame, and shall in such his Monthly Return have made his Objection to the Return or Charge of such Officer.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Payment by any Paper Stainer of any Sum of Money less than the Amount of Duty returned or to be returned by any Officer of Excise to be payable by such Paper Stainer shall not exempt such Paper Stainer from the Payment of the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Paper Stainer; and that if such Paper Stainer shall not pay such Difference within Seven Days next after such Return of such Officer, such Paper Stainer shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Paper Stainer.

565

Paper 5*ainer (hi1 cun.inue liible.

N >: ice of Recommencement of working.

Monthly Duty on e»eh Table-41. 3'. 4"-

If Duty by

Measure exceeds Monthly Duty, the Excels shall be charged. Monthly Charge on Paper Hange&t by Officer.

Copy shall be* left by Officer. Penalty act.

and Duty paid accordingly.

Penalty 20l. and Double Duty.

M^t.thly Returns and Payments by Paper' Stainers. Penalty 20l. and Double Duty.

in case of Di pule, Officer (had verify hu Return by Affidavit..Paper Stainers fli ill not dispute Officers Charge uiilcls he has made his own M >ntnl) Return* and paid his Duty.

Payment by Pap. r Stainer cf Ins own Calcu'aiiou of Duty ih ill not exempt him fu*ni Pa> ment,

according to the

Officet'a Rt turn.

C. 106.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

keeping Account thereof, renal' y 10l.

Yearly Charge

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duty charged on any Paper Stainer in any One Year, byOiTiccrsof ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, shall not amount to the full Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten iii. iOi. pci- Shillings for and in respect of each and every Table, for (lamping, printing, painting, or flaining Paper

a' Hangings which shall have been kept or used or worked by any such Paper Stainer, at any Time within the

DoubhfDu*/" Year on the.Twenty-fifth Day of March, then and in such Case the Officer in Charge of the

' ' Manufactory of any such Paper Stainer shall within Ten Days after such Twenty-fifth Day of March make a Return to the Collector of the Excise for the District in which such Manufactory shall be situate, of such Sum of Money for and in respect of each such Table, as with the Sums comprised in former Returns against such Paper Stainer in the Year ending on such Twenty-fifth Day of March, shall amount to the full Sum of Twelve Pounds and Ten Shillings for and in respect of each and every such Table kept or used or worked by any such Paper Stainer, at any Time within such Year; and such Return shall be a Charge on such Paper Stainer, who shall pay the Sums appearing by such Return to have been incurred and become due within Seven Days after such Return, or in Default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Sums which shall be so returned.

Regulation* for

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Paper Stainer or Person Kcerrfed to manufacture Paper Hangings depoliing Paper for Sale, shall receive any Paper otherwise than in whole Reams or Bundles, and in the Covers and Wrappers in R->oml ind °, nl xvkich the same were charged with the Duty payable on such Paper on the making thereof in the Hands of the

Manufacturer thereof; and every such Paper Stainer, on Receipt of any Paper whatsoever, shall deposit the fame in a Room or Rooms to be by him kept for that Purpose, on the Outside of the Door or Doors of which reflectively shall be painted in Manner aforesaid, the Words u First Account Room, , and if more than One such Room shall be kept by such Paper Stainer for such Purpose, each such Room shall be numbered in Manner aforesaid; and as often as any Paper Stainer shall receive any Paper into his or her Custody or Possession, such Paper Stainer shall deposit the same in such First Account Room, and shall, within Twenty-foUr Hours after the Receipt of any such Paper, give Notice thereof to the Officer of Excise, in Charge or having the Superintendance of the Manufactory or Workhouse of such Paper Stainer, expressing the Quantity of Paper so received; and such Officer shall forthwith proceed to take an Account of the Quantities and Dimensions of all such Paper, and shall mark and damp the outside Wrappers and Covers of every Bundle or Ream thereof respectively, with a Stamp'or Seal to be provided by the Commissioners of Excise, thereby to denote that such Account had been taken of such Paper; and such Paper Stainer shall enter, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose, by way of Debtor and Creditor, or in such Manner as the said .Commissioners of Excise may at any Time order or direct, an Account of all such Paper so received by him, and of all Paper which shall at any Time be removed out of such First Account Room, and shall therein date* for what Purpose such Paper was so removed, and such Book shall be produced at all Times on Demand to any Officer of Excise requiring the fame; and in case any Deficiency shall appear in the Quantity of Paper in any such Fird Account Room, other than shall be accounted for by the Entries in such Book, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Paper Stainer with Duty for and in respect of all Paper so deficient and unaccounted for, as if the same was actually printed, painted, or dained; and such Paper Stainer shall, within Seven Days after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June, in every Year, deliver the said Book to the Collector of Excise of the Didri£l, and shall verify the Contents thereof, upon Oath, before the said Collector, which Oath the said Collector is hereby empowered to administer; and in case any Paper Stainer shall receive any Paper otherwise than is herein directed, or shall neglect to deposit the fame, or to give Notice of the Receipt thereof, or to keep and make Entries in such Book in such Manner, and to deliver such Book as herein-before directed, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in any such Book, such Paper Stainer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Paper Stainer shall take any Paper out of the Wrapper or Cover in which the same shall have been so received by him, for the Purpose of printing, painting, or llaining the fame, until the same shall be removed from and out of such Fird Account Room into another Room or Place, to be by such Paper Stainer kept for the Purpose of printing, painting, or daining Paper, on the outside Door ot which Room shall be painted in Manner aforesaid the Words " Second Account Room and every such Paper Stainer shall from Time to Time, before removing any Paper into such Second Account Room, give Twenty.four Hours Notice to the Officer of Excise in Charge of the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer, setting forth the Day and Hour when he intends to remove such Paper, and the Quantity of Paper in Reams or Bundles so to be removed; and no other Hour shall be mentioned in such Notice, nor shall any Paper be so removed at any other Time than at some Time between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Six in the Evening, at which Day and Time such Officer shall attend, and fee the said Paper removed accordingly, and shall take a Second Account of the fame, and shall mark and (lamp every Sheet or Piece thereof respectively with a Stamp, to be provided for that Purpose; and if any Paper Stainer shall at any Time deposit any Paper in such Second Account Room, without having given such Notice as aforesaid, or unless the Officer to whom such Notice shall have been given shall be present; or in case any Paper fit or proper for the Purpose of Paper Hangings shall at any Time be found in such Second Account Room, of the Removal whereof such Notice was not given as aforesaid, or whereof such Account shall not hare been taken, or which shall not be marked or damped by the Officer in Manner aforesaid, such Paper Stainer shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: And in case any Decrease or Deficiency shall at any Time appear in the Quantity of Paper so damped or marked by the Officer in such Second Account Room, other than shall be accounted for by the Quantity of such Paper which shall be actually printed, painted, or stained by such Paper Stainer, and which mall be charged with Duty as herein after mentioned, then and in such Case it shall

12 ar.d

Removing Paper from First Account Roam to Second, Accounr Room, and taking Account >j( and marking fame. Penaby 10l.

Any Deficiency A all be charged

S darned Paper.

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 106.'567

and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Paper Stainer with Duty for and in respect of all Paper so deficient and unaccounted for, as if the same was actually printed, painted, or dained.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That before any Paper Stainer shall print, paint, or (lain any Piece of Purring Frame Paper, confiding of several Sheets of Paper paded or joined together, or any Sheet of Paper where a single M*rk Sheet of Paper shall be printed, painted, or dained, such Paper Stainer shall produce and shew such Piece of |je|j^j, c, n8 Paper or Sheet of Paper to the proper Officer of Excise, and such Officer shall take an Account thereof; Penalty 20I Sc c and in case such Officer shall find that every Sheet thereof is marked or damped in Manner aforesaid, he shall

measure the fame, and shall mark such Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper (where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or dained) at both Ends thereof with a Frame Mark, denoting the Measure thereof, and with such other Number or Mark as the Commissioners of Excise shall direct; and in case any Paper Stainer shall print, paint, or dain, or begin to print, paint, or dain, any Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper (where a single Sheet of Paper shall be printed, painted, or dained), before the same shall be measured or marked at both Ends thereof by the Officer of Excise, as by this Act is directed, the Paper Stainer in whofs Possession. the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper so printed, painted, or dained, or begun to be printed, painted, or dained, without having been measured and marked as aforesaid 5 and every Piece or Sheet of Paper printed, painted, or dained, or begun to be printed, painted, or dained, which shall be found in the Possession of any such Paper Stainer, which shall not have been marked with such Frame Mark denoting the Measure thereof, shall be forfeited and may be faized by any Officer of Excise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Paper shall be printed, painted, or dained with Taking account

any Colour or with any Figure, the Officer in Charge of the Manufactory in which such Paper shall be so of and damping printed, painted, or dained, shall take an Account of the fame, and shall damp or seal every Piece of such £: u,d Paper confiding of more Sheets than One joined together, (or every Sheet where any single Sheet shall be loltc*

printed, painted, or dained) at both Ends of every such Piece or Sheet of Paper with a Stamp or Seal to

denote that the Duties have been charged thereon, and shall sign thereto his Name, and the Year and Day of the Month when such Signature shall be made; and if any Paper Stainer shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Piece or Sheet of printed, painted, or dained Paper, before an Account shall be taken of the fame, and before such Paper shall be damped or sealed at both Ends thereof by the Officer in Manner aforesaid, to denote the charging of the Duties thereon, together with the said Officer's Signature of his Name dated as aforesaid, every such Paper Stainer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum ot Twenty Pounds; and all such printed, painted, or dained Paper which shall be so removed without being damped or sealed by the Officer, and signed and dated by him as aforesaid, to denote the charging of the said Duties, or which shall be found conveying or carrying away, or in the Possession of any Person, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Paper Stainer, within Six Hours after such printed, painted, pjper charged

or dained Paper shall have been so damped and efiarged with Duty, shall remove the same into some other with Duty shall Room, Store, or Place of or belonging to such Paper Stainer; and shall from Time to Time keep all Paper kcPl (

so printed, painted, or dained, and which shall have been so damped and charged with Duty by the proper "°l°

Officer, in some Room, Store, or Place, separate and apart from all printed, painted, or dained Paper which penalty'1 ok

shall not have been so damped and charged; and if any Paper Stainer shall neglect so to do, such Paper Stainer,

shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duties payable on Paper printed, painted, Collector em-

or dained, or payable in respect of any Table for damping Paper Hangings, shall be unpaid at the Time when powered to such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Collector ot Excise of the District for'

in which the Manufactory of such Paper Stainer shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to: utlc, ' empower any Person or Persons to take and didrain all Paper, and all Materials and Utensils for the printing,

painting, and daining thereof in the Manufactory, House, Out-house, or other Place of or belonging to such'

Paper Stainer, and to cause the same to be sold by publick Auction 5 and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Paper Stainer, together with the Cods and Erpences of such taking and didraining, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered or paid to such Paper Stainer or his Representatives.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Paper, whether printed, painted, dained, or not, and all All P.ipej\ Materials and Utensils for printing, painting, and daining of Paper, having been the Property or in the Cudody Utcn(ih, &c. in* of, orufed by any Paper Stainer licensea as aforesaid* or having been used or dored in any Manufactory, Manufactory*Workhouse, Room or Place of any Paper Stainer, by what Title or Conveyance soeverthe same be 'claimed*' r

or into whose Hands soever the same shall afterwards come, shall be liable and subject to and are hereby Jf Doties1 charged with all Debts due to the Crown and Duties of Excise, which shall be in arrear and owing by any' a, uj penaiik*.'Person for any Paper, printed, painted, or dained in such Manufactory, or by such Paper Stainer, and shall also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have 4

occupied or used such Manufactory for any Offence against this Act 5 and it shall be lawful, in all Cases, to levy such Debts, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of such Paper and Materials as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debts and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures was at the Time the real Proprietor of such Paper or Materials respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Paper Stainer, or some Person employed by such DecUiStock-Paper Stainer, shall, on Demand of any Officer of Excise at the Manufactory, House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Q( papersuintr, or other Place of such Paper Stainer, (how all the Stock of printed, painted, and dained Paper, and Paper Penally xosl marked for printing, painting* or daining, in such Manufactory or othei Places; and shall declare to such Officer that the £tock of Paper £0 shewn is all the Stock of Paper of such Paper Stainer; and in default of

such

S68

penalty on concealing P .per liable to Duty sol.

Penalty on Frauds by lengthening Paper sol. Sec.

Stimps, &c to he provided by Commissioner'. Penally for counterfeiting feme, Sec* tool*

Stamps may be changed, and Pjpu revamped.

Paper Damped with old Marks forfeited^ after Time for re-D am ping expired. Penalty on lemoving Stamps, and fixing them on undamped Paper, 50l. and Forfeiture.

Stained Paper unstamped tn«y be frarched for a'td (cited.

C. 106.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

such Paper being shewn, and such Declaration made upon such Demand as aforesaid, such Paper Stainer shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; apd all printed, painted, or stained Paper, and Paper marked for printing, painting, and staining, which fhalTnot be so shewn and declared, shall be deemed to have been fraudulently hidden or concealed by the Paper Stainer in whose Possession the same shall be found, and shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and such Paper Stainer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper in Ireland shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hidden or concealed, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of the Duty thereon, any printed, painted, or stained Paper, or any Paper marked for printing, painting, or staining, then all such Paper shall be forfeited, and the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXXIV. And for the better preventing of Frauds by the lengthening or adding to any Piece or Remnant 1 of a Piece of such printed, painted, or stained Paper, after such Piece of Paper shall have been stamped or*sealed at both Ends thereof, as by this Act is requir^di' be it enacted, That if at any Time any Piece, or Remnant of a Piece of Paper, printed, painted, ©retained, not having such Frame Mark and Stamp thereon, as by this Act is required, or having such Frame Bnark and Stamp at one End thereof only, and being of as great or greater Length than shall be expressed by such Frame Mark, or having such Frame Mark and Stamp at both Ends thereof, and being of greater L/ngth than shall be expressed by such Frame Mark by the Length of Half a Yard or more, shall be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein in Ireland, every such Piece of Paper or Remnant shall be forfeited and seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, in whose Possession the same shall be found, ihalTforfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time provide proper Frames, and proper Numbers or Marks, as they shall think fit, to denote the Measure of all Pieces or Sheets of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, and proper Stamps or Seals to denote the charging of the Duties thereon, or any other Purposes of this Act, and shall cause such Frames, Numbers, and Marks, and such Stamps and Seals to be distributed to the respective Officers of Excise for the several Purposes aforesaid; and such Officers are hereby enjoined and required in using the same to do no Hurt or Damage, or the lead Damage that rtiay be, to the Paper to be marked or stamped; and the said Frames, Numbers, or Marks, and the said Stamps or Seals to be provided in pursuance of this Act, may be altered or renewed from Time to Time, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit; and if any Person shall at any Time counterfeit or forg£ any Frame, Number, or Mark used by any Officer in marking such Paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the Impression of the same upon any Paper to be printed, painted, or stained 5 and if any Person shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp or Seal provided to denote the charging of the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the lame upon any Paper nrinted, painted, or stained, or shall at any Time fell any such printed, painted, or stained Paper, with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred rounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That as often as the Stamps, Seals, or Marks, for denoting that an Account has been taken of Paper for printing, painting, or staining, or the Stamps, Seals, or Marks for denoting the Measure of such Paper, or the Stamps, Seals, or Marks for the denoting the charging of the Duty thereon, or any of them, shall be altered or changed. Notice thereof shall be given by the said C001-missioners, or any Three of them, in the Dublin Garuttc for Three successive Days of Publication thereof 5 and that any Person who shall have in his or her Custody or Possession, any Paper for printing, painting, or staining, or any such Paper printed, painted, or stained, marked, sealed, or stamped with the several Stamps, Seals, or Marks, or any of them, before such Time in use, may, within such Time as the said Commissioners shall by the said Notice appoint, not less than Two Months from the Third Day of the said Publication of such Notice, require the Officers of Excise authorized to seal, or mark, or (lamp such Paper, or such printed, painted, or stained Paper, to (lamp the fame; and every such Officer is hereby required, without Fee or Reward, within Twenty-four Hours after Demand, to (lamp, seal, and mark the same with the new Stamps, Seals, or Marks, or any of them, which the said Commissioners shall have provided for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That, after the Expiration of the Time so to be appointed for the damping, iealing, or marking such Paper for printing, painting, or staining, or any such Paper printed, painted, or stained* with such new Stamps, Seals, or Marks which shall have been provided, all such Paper found in the Possession of any Person without such new or altered or changed Stamps, Seals, or Marks thereon, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Stainer or other Person in Ireland shall by any Means or Contrivance, affix to or upon any Piece or Paper or Sheet of Paper printed, painted, or stained, any Frame Mark, or any Stamp or Seal which (ha-1 have been before affixed or put on any Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper printed, painted, or stained, then and in every such Case such Person fb offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Piece and Sheet of such Paper whereupon such Frame Mark, Stamp, or Seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed or put, shall be forfeited and seized.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Oath made by any credible Person, that such Person hath Reason to suspect or believe that any Papor printed, painted, or stained, for which a Duty chargeable thereon, or which ought to have been stamped as in this Act is directed, is in the Custody or Possession of any Person in Ireland, not being licensed to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, without having thereupon such Stamp

3 or

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 106 — 109. 569

or Seal as is by this Act required to denote the charging the Duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace from Time to Time to issue his Warrant or order, and thereby to authorize and

require any Officer or Officers of Excise, with the Assistance of a Co nil able or other Peace Officer in the Day

Time, to search for the fame, and to open Doors, Chests, Trunks, and Packages, and to felze such Paper

printed, painted, or stained, not having such Stamp thereon; and such Paper printed, painted, or dained,

round undamped in the Possession of any such Person, shall be forfeited, and may be. seized by any Officer of

Excise: Provided always, that no Remnant of any Piece of such printed, painted, or dained Paper, being of E*crpiion to

less Length than shall be expressed by the Frame Mark thereon being so found having such Stamp or Seal as

by this Act is required at one End thereof, shall be forfeited by reason of not having such Stamp or Seal at

both Ends thereof: And if any Person shall obstruct any Officer of Excise from entering any Place for the obrtruSiT*-

Purposes aforesaid, or in feiy.ing or carry ing away any Paper by this Act forfeited, every Person so offending officer co?

shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds. 5 '

At Penalties payable in British Currency 5 and recoverable as under Irish Excise Act 14, 15 C. 2. c. 8. §40. —

Penalties not exceeding 20l. may be recovered before One Justice within Three Months, &c. Penalties above f< 20l. niay be recovered by Action. §41. — Proceedings of Justice9 not removeable by Certiorari. §42. — a Penalty on Magistrates neglecting to do as required by this Act 50l. §43. — [See 45 G. 3. c. 53. $ 63, 64, u 65, and 68.]

aLIV. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Irish Act*

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, and on 3^. 3. c. 24

Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom; and on Paper printed, painted* orflamed in this Kingdom, to serve for Hangings^G j c ji.

or other Uses; and to prevent Frauds therein; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty- repealed as ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend and continue the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Paper Siainer?, Year, so far as the said Acts, or either of theip, relate to the Duty on Paper printed, painted, or dained in from One Month Ireland, shall, from and after the Expiration of One Month after the passing of this Act, cease and determine of

during the Continuance of this Act, except only so far as relates to any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred under the said Acts or either of them; and that this present Act shall Commence from and after the Expiration of One Month from the passing thereof, except where any other Time is mentioned for the Commencement of any of the Provisions in this Act contained.

" Continuance of the Act, 29 September 1806. §45." 4

CAP. CVII.

1

An Act for charging, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, sfn additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine, imported into Ireland.

[10th July 1805.]

From Oct. 10, 1805, until March 2c, 1806, there shall be paid for every Tun of Spanish Red Wiae 4' imported into Ireland an additional Duty of 61. 18s. 4d. and a Drawback of the whole Duty so paid on* Exportation, which shall be levied, &c. as udder 45 G. 3. c. 18."

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty^ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

[10th July 1805.]

" Certain Acts relating to the Revenue of Ireland recited, viz. General Regulation Acts. 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 43.

" 43 G. c. 97. — 44 G. 3. c. 103. — Auctions and Bottles, 38 G. 3. (I.) c. 24. — 39 G. 3. fl.J c. 24. — u 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 87. [See as to Paper Hangings 45 G. 3. c. ic6. §44.] — Bounties 40 G. 3. (I.; c. 20. —

" Coffee 37 G. 3. (I.) c. 52. — Hides and Skins 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 9. — Licences, &c. 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 63. [See $i5 G. 3. c. 52.] — Permits, 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 68. 45 G. 3. c. 39. — Reftifiers, 38 G. 3. (I.) c. 52. 39 G. 3.

M (1.) c. 58. — Tobacco 37 G. 3. (I.J c. 42. 4c G. 3. (I.) c. 77. The said recited Acts (except as altered or " repealed by any other Acts) continued to 29 September 1806. $ 1 . — Irish Acts 36 G. 3. c. 52. as to

u Fisheries, and 13 and 14 G. 3-c. 7. as to Tontine, further continued till Sept. 29, 1806. §2.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Lord Lieutt* Governor or Governors, by and with the Advice and Con lent of His Majesty's Privy Council of Ireland, to mnt may pcifnit permit the Importation into Ireland of Tobacco, Spirit, Teas, Wines, or Coffee, at such Ports and Places as Impotuiion the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council, shall think fit; under j^acro lirirs and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions in other Respects, as Tobacco, Spirits, Teas, Wines, or at fjch9Coffee, may by Law be imported into Ireland; provided it shall be made to appear that any such Port is, Ports as he

with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port at think proper

which it would be just and reasonable to permit such Importation.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey oi-Ireland.

[10th July 1805.]

u After recital of 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 32. whereby the Treasury of Ireland was empowered (among other Sums) u to pay the yearly Sum of 2601. I os. i^d. English, being 282l. 4^. 3[d. Irish, to Major General Vallancey 45 Geo. III. 4 D " after

570 C. 109^-nr. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

after the Rate of 15s. per Day while he Should be employed in the Military Curvey of Ireland. The said Treasury is empowered to order the said Sum to be paid to Major General Vallancey, or to any other " Person, duly appointed and employed in the said Military Survey. $ 1. — Provisions of recited Act extended 11 to this Act. §2."

*45 G. J. c. 40. [&* 45 G. 3. c. 12.

Irish Art 5 G. 3. c. 20.

Grand Juries of the (cveral Counties in Ireland may present a further Sum of 500I yearly, for the tefpertive County Infirmaries under Regulatior s of 15 G. 3. (I.)

39-

Tipperary and Queen's County Juries may 1 rt fcnt400l. extra.

For establishing Dispen Caries, Grand Juries any pr<sent Sums equal to any private Donations for like Purposei.

ibscribers shall iconic Mem-rrs of the veral Infirmary orpo.arions.

CAP. CX.

An Act for exempting from the Duties on Profits arising from Property, the First Half Yearly Dividends or Annuities, under an Act of the present Session*, for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England.

[10th July 1805.]

CAP. eta.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present, Majesty* intituled, An Act for ere fling and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospital in this Kingdom. [loth July 1805.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for creRing and establishing Publick Infirmaries Or Hospitals in this Kingdom, it was enacted, that the Grand Jury of each of the Counties therein named should at every Summer Assizes present a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Fifty Pounds, to be raised on the Counties at large, and applied to the Support of the Infirmaries or Hospitals therein: And whereas the Sums so empowered to be raised have proved infumcient in many Counties 5 be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each and every County in Ireland to present to be raised on the County at large, a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclusive of the Sum which they may be empowered to present by the said recited Act, to be paid to the Corporation therein called The Governors and Govcmejfes of the County Infirmary or Hopital, and applied by the said Corporation towards the Support and Maintenance of such the County Infirmary or Hospital in such County: Provided always, that alike Affidavit and Account as is required by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty> intituled\

4. An Act for erc3ing and efiabhshing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom/ be first laid before such Grand Jury, previous to any such Presentment being made.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Grand Juries of the Counties of Tipperary and Queen's County to present to be i*aised on the said respective Counties at large a Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, over and above and exclusive of the Sums which they are respectively empowered to raise by Two Acts passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

III. And whereas the Distance of many Parts of each County from the Infirmary therein established,

does not allow to the Poor of those Parts the Advantages of immediate Medical Aid and Advice which such*Infirmaiy was proposed to afford be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the said Corporation shall certify to the Grand Jury of the County wherein such Corporation is established, that they have actually received, from private Subscription or Donation, any Sum or Sums of Money Since the preceding Affixes, for the Purpose of establishing in any Town or Place therein a Dispensary for fumiftnng Medicine and giving Medical Aid and Relief to the Poor, it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to present to be raised on the County at large, and paid to the said Corporation, a Sum equal in Amount to the Sum or Sums so received by such Corporation, to be applied by the Governors and Governesses thereof, or such Committee of them, not fewer in Number than five, as they shall appoint for the Purpose at any General Quarterly Meeting, together with the Monies so received by private Subscription or Donation, in providing Medicines and Medical or Surgical Aid and Advice for the Poor of such Town or Place and its Neighbourhood, in such Manner as they or the said Committee shall in their Discretion deem most advisable; and that all Monies so raised for such local Dispensaries, as well as all Monies so received from private Subscription or Donation for their Use, shall be accounted for upon Oath at each Summer Assizes before the Grand Jury and the Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall subscribe and pay towards the Establishment or Maintenance of any such local Dispensary, or towards the County Hospital or Infirmaiy, any Sum not less than One Guinea, shall be a Member of the Body Corporate for the Infirmary or Hospital of such County for One Year, from the Date of the Payment thereof to the said Body Corporate, so far as relates to the Management and Direction of such local Dispensaries; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1805.

450 GEORGII III.

C. 112, 113.

S7l

CAP. CXII.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suspension of the Powers and Authoriiies of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the said Streets, and for vetting the same in o her Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Corporation.

[10th July 1805.]

Recital of Irish Acts 26 G. 3. c 61. 30 G. 3. c. 42. and 37 G. 3. c. 22. appointing, &c. the Paving Corporation of Dublin. Grants to and Expences of the said Corporation, and the Expediency of appointing Commissioners of Enquiry. Commissioners appointed. §1 — Commissioners empowered to examine into Mismanagement under recited Acts; and report their Proceedings to Lord Lieutenant, and to fugged Remedies, and such Report shall be laid before Parliaments $ 2. — Meetings and Oath of Commissioners. §3, 4. — 44 Commissioners empowered to fend for Persons, Books, and Papers. §5. — Paving Corporation of Dublin shall account to said Commissioners of Enquiry for all Sums received under recited Acts, and for Matters done in Execution thereof. §6. — Said Commissioners of Enquiry empowered to examine upon Oath; and to issue Warrants for apprehending and committing to prison Persons neglecting to attend, See. §7, 8. — No Persons compellable to criminate themselves. §9. — Penalty of Perjury on Persons giving false Evidence. §10. — Said Commissioners of Enquiry empowered to appoint Clerks, &c. Treasury of Ireland may issue xocol. for Payment of such Clerks Salaries, &c. j 11. — If on Report of said Commissioners of Enquiry Lord Lieutenant shall think it expedient that the Powers of Paving Corporation should be suspended and veiled in other Persons, he may appoint Five Persons to be Commissioners for Paving, &c. §12. — Such Commissioners cf Paving shall have all the Powers of the Paving Corporation, but shall receive no Salary., §13. — Paving Corporation House, and all Arrears of Rates and Property of Paving Corporation vested in such Commissioners for Paving, &c. under this Act. §14. — Paving Corporation shall deliver to said Commissioners for Paving under this Act all Books and Papers. §15. — Commissioners for Paving shall become liable to all Claims against the4 Paving Corporation. §16. — Present Clerks and Officers may remain until removed by Commissioners for Paving who may appoint others. §17. — In case of Vacancies Lord Lieutenant may appoint new Commissioners of Enquiry (if reduced to a leis Number than Nine) or new Commissioners for Paving. §18 — Penalty on any Commissioner taking Fee or Reward for his Duty under this Act, or being concerned in Contrafts; 44 Incapacity and 50c 1. $ 19. — Upon Report of Commissioners of Enquiry, Lord Lieutenant may empower the Treasury to raise Money to be advanced to the present Paving Corporation, or to Commissioners of 4* Paving to be appointed under this Act. §20. — Rates vested in the Paving Corporation, &c. made liable to Repayment of Interest of Money so advanced after prior Incumbrances) and 2l. perCent. as a Sinking Fund, f 21. — On Failure of Payment of Interest, Lord Chancellor may appoints Receiver, or sequester the Rates, j 22. — Limitation of Actions, Six Months. General Issue. Treble Costs. §23. — Continuance of Act 24 June 1806. §24."

CAP. CXIII.

An Act For granting^ certain Sum of Money towards improving the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

[loth July 1805.*j

WHEREAS the rendering the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth near DulTtn a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets is desirable, for the more regular and speedy Conveyance of the Mails between Dublin and Holyhead? be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland there shall be issued and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland^ to such Persons as shall be appointed and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to receive the same, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Irish Currency without any Deduction whatever; which Sum shall be applied by such Persons towards improving of the said Harbour and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Persons so appointed shall, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, have all such Powers and Authorities as are -given to or are vested in the Corporation for preserving and improving the Pbrt of Dublin, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Afifor promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodioue; and that all Piers, Wharfs, Quays, and other fireftions and Buildings which may be made under the Direction of the said Persons, and all Ground applied to such Purposes by them under and by virtue of this Act, shall be vested in the said Corporation for prelervipg and repairing the Port of Dublin.

Powers of recited Act 26 G. 3. (I.) c. 19. extended to this^ft. §3.

> 4 Da CAP.

Wi

to.ooool. Irish shall be llTuva out of liilh Cunfolitlated Fund under Orders of Lord Lieutenant, for Improvement of Howth Harbour.

Persons ippoinled to receive such Money (hdl have the same Powers as are given to the Corporation for preserving the Port of Dublin under 16 G. 9. (I.) c. 19.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

57* C. 114 — 118.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for enabling the Commidinners of the Treasury of Great Britain to advance a certain Sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the Completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of Leith. [, toth July 1805.]

u Recital of 39 G. 3. c. xliv. empowering the Commissioners of Edinburgh to borrow 8o, o-of. for improving the Harbour of Leith; as also of Act 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 57. empowering the Exchequer to advance 25, 0001. to the Corporation of Edinburgh for that Purpose; as also Act 45 G. 3. c. xxxii. empowering the Corporation to borrow 8o, ooool. more for the same Purpose. The Treasury empowered to advance 2 5, cocL mare to the

Corporation of Edinburgh, to be applied in completing the Harbour of Leith. §1. — The Rates of the

f Harbour, and all Estate therein, shall be assigned to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, as a Security for the present Sum of 25, 0001. as also for the like Sum advanced under 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 57. Interest fliaR 44 be pdid Half yearly. §2. — Money may be placed in Government Securities till applied in the Works. §3."

CAP. CXV.

An Act for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yard, Westminster, for the Use of the Publick.*[10th July 1805.]

' " Recital of 44 G. 3. c. 61. Special Commissioners under said Act empowered to purchase certain Buildings in New Palace Yard. §1. — Powers of recited Act extended to this Act. §2. — Premises conveyed under this Act shall not be leased under any Act relating to Crown Lands without Concurrence of the Commissioners. §3".

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek, called Chelfon Bay, otherwise Shilfton Bay, in or near the Parish of Plympton Saint Mary, tn the County of Devon; and for vesting the fame, for a valuable Consideration, in the Right Honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his Heirs.

[10th July 1805.]

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to continue the Proceedings in the House of Lords touching the Conduct of Luke Fox Esquire, One of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that Part of the Uni'.ed Kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

[10th July 1805.]

WHEREAS an Address to His Majesty has been moved in the House of Lords for the Removal of 4 Luke Fox Esquire, One of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and certain Proceedings are now depending in the said House touching the fame, and also in consequence of certain Petitions, complaining of the Conduct of the said Luke Fox in divers

Instances 5 and it is expedient that such Proceedings should not be affected by any Prorogation or Dissolution Proceedings m«of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Lords winft King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Luke Fox and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Pra-

£ (quire, shall ceedings shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament; but that the same may

not be difeon- be further carried on in the next Session of Parliament in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and

tinued by any purposes, as the same could or might have been carried on in case the present Session of Parliament continued,

Diffolu^tilm o^ an<* no ^>roroffation or Dissolution of Parliament should take Place.

Parliaqicnr.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[10th July 1805.]

Treasury may raise 8, oooo, ooool. by Loans and Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act, 45 G. 3. c. l.J 7, 2 — - 44 Interest on Exchequer Bills not exceeding 3 Id. per Cent, per Diem. §3. — Exchequer Bills so issued shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1806. §4. — Principal and 41 Interest chSf-ged on first Supplies ot ensuing Session. §5, — Bank of England authorized to advance 4, 000, ooool. 44 on the Credit of this Act. } 6."

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III. C. 119 — 121.

573

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the Bank of England for having advanced Money for the Public Service on the Credit of certain Exchequer Bills. [iotb July 1805.]

" Treasury may raise 2, 500, 0001. by Loans and Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act, 45 G. 3. c. 1, §1 — -c. u fpreeifely the same as §1 — 5. of 45 G. 3. c. 118,] — Bank of England authorized to advance 2, 500, 0001 on the " Credit of this Act, §6."

VII ' And whereas an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas also an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas it was by the said Acts respectively enacted, that it ttiould be lawful, in the Case of actual Invasion of His Majesty's Kingdoms, for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance for the Publick Service any Sum or Sums of Money authorized to he raised by the said Acts

respectively, over and above and exclusive of any Sums which they were authorized to advance by any Acts of the said Sessions of Parliament respectively: And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, for the Publick Service, advance the Sums authorised to be raised by the said Acts, or great Part thereof, although no actual Invasion took place: And whereas the same was not warranted by the said Acts, but was

necessary for the Publick Service, it is therefore proper that the said Governor and Company and all Persons

concerned in the advancing or advising, or consenting or procuring the advancing of any such Sums, or acting

under any Directions relating thereto, Should be indemnified be it therefore enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and all other Persons concerned in the advancing any such Sums of Money for the Public Service, or in the advising or consenting to, or in the procuring the advancing of any such Sums of Money, or acting under any Directions relating thereto, shall be and are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same had been authorized by the said Acts respectively.

Indemnification to the Bank, for having advanced Money under the Act* 41G. 3. (U.K.) c. 8r. 1. 5:

43 G. 3. c. 146. f.5:

44 G. 3.

c. 81. f. 5.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five.

[ioth July 1805.]

u Treasury may raise 1, 500, 000l. byJLoans and Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act, 45 G. 3. c. I. — §1 — 5.

44 [precise/yas § r — 5 of 45 G. 3. c. 118.] — Bank of England authorized to advance the said 1, 500, cool, ot*

the Credit of this Act, §6."

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling.

[12th July 180$".]

WHEREAS in Defiance of the several Laws of Customs and Excise, great Quantities of Goods are rfVeflfdsof

v illegally imported into, and landed in the United Kingdom, as well by clandestine Means as by open Subjects coming* 4 Force^to the great Detriment of the Revenue, and the Subversion of all Civil Authority: And whereas it from Foreign

4 is become highly necessary that some further Provision Should be made for the Remedy of these great Evils ^ibc

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the paU, "0nhc^ Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Briiifii or Iriflr* of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Vessel or Boat coming from Foreign Parts, Channel*, or and belonging wholly or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the persons on board shall High Sea*, be Subjects of His Majesty, (other than and except any Ship or other square-rigged Vessel), shall be found in £, th, nc*<^ any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any t^C^aVs of Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits, Great Britain or.laving on board any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, in any Cask or Package of less Size or Ireland, having Content than Sixty Gallons (except only for the Use of the Seamen belonging to and on board such Vessel or Spirit* in Calks

Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons for each Seaman) 5 or any Tea exceeding Six Pounds in the Whole; or any __

Tobacco or Snuff in any Cask or Package whatever, containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Tea exceeding Weight, (except loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen on board such Vessel or Boat, not exceeding Five 6 lb*, or Tobacco Pounds Weight of Tobacco for each Seaman, and except such Tea or manufactured Tobacco or Snuff, as (hah in Packages of have been duly shipped for Exportation as Merchandize on board such Vessel or Boat, from some Port or Placen5°, b*

Ireland then not only all such Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, and all such Tea, Tobacco, or Snuff, together with the Calks or Packages containing the fame, but also every such Vessel or Boat, &c.) the whole together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall Goods and Ship and may b* Upized by any Officer or Officer* gf Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise* rh*1iI.bej \l - ' II, Provided '°'fcucd.

Penalty on V'.iTcU ukirg such Articles on (vjatd on the High Seas, hite Foileiline.

"Foreign Spirits IhwH heimp-nicd, ea porte d, or c.m ried Co.ifl-4vil'c atGuemfey, Jersey, Alderney, ot Sark, cnly in Ship^ of not less than 100 Ton*, and Calks of f.o Gallons. — Tob.nco in like Ships and in lockages of 4501b. — Wine in SI ips or not 4c fs than 6oTons and in Slog (heads.

Xicenfad Boats Sfiot exceeding 10 Tons having at certain 'Quantity of Spirits, Uc, on hand for the ^Supply of the Isle of Satk not £uzable.

A cl shall not prevent the Importation or Exportation at ^Guernsey, &c.

of Wine in Bottles packed in Cases containing Six Doxen Quart Bottles; but, before Exportation'to this Kingdom,

Bond ihallbe entered into for duly landing thereof.

Vessel* having on hoard Spirits, Wine, or Tobacco in illegal Packages, and found hovering within Two Lc agues of the Coasts of

C. t2l. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Vessel or Boat, not coming from Foreign Parts, shall, on the High Seas, take on board from out of any Ship or other Vessel or Boat coming from Foreign Parts, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirit*, in any Cafic or Package, of leis Size or Content than as aforesaid, or any Tea whatever, or any Tobacco or Snuff, in any less Quantity than as aforesaid, every such Vessel or Boat shall be deemed and considered to be a VeilH or Boat coming from Foreign Pattis within the Meaning of this Act, and not only all such Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, and all such Tea, Tobacco, or SnufT, together with the Casks or Packages containing the fame, but also every such Vessel or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, shall be imported into or exported from the Islands of Gttertly, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, or either of them, or removed from any one to any other of the said Islands, or Coastwise from any one Part to any other Part of either of the said Islands, or shall be shipped in order to be so removed or carried, or shall be Water-borne for the Purpose of being so shipped in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, nor in any Calk or Package of less Size or Content than Sixty Gallons; nor any Tobacco or SnufT in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of less Burthen than One hundred Tons, nor in any Cask or "Package containing leis than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight save and except any such Spirits or loose Tobacco as shall be for the Use of the Seamen belonging to and on board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons of the former, and Five Pounds of the latter for each Seaman, and also except such manufactured Tobacco or Snuff as shall have been duly exported as Merchandize from Great Britain or Ireland); nor shall any Wine be imported' into or exported from the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or either of them, or carried from any one of the said Islands to any other thereof, or Coastwise from any one Part to any other Part of either of the said Islands, or be shipped or Water-borne for the Purpose of being shipped in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of less Burthen than Sixty Tons, or in any Cask or Package of less Content than a reputed Hogshead, on pain of Forfeiture of all such Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, Tobacco, Snuff, or Wine re-Jpe£lively, together with the Casks or Packages containing the fame, and also every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, an<L Apparel thereof, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to Forfeiture or Seizure under any of the Provisions of this Act, any Boat not exceeding the Burthen of Ten Tons, for having on board at anyone Time any Foreign Spirits of the Quantity of Ten Gallons, or under, in Calks or Packages of less Size or Content than Sixty Gallons, or any Tobacco, Snuff, or Tea, not exceeding Fifty Pounds Weight of each, for the Supply of the said Island of Sari, such Boat haviruj a licence from the proper Officer of Customs at either of the said Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for the Punpore of being employed m carrying Commodities for the Supply of the said Island of Sari, which Licence such Officer of Customs is hereby required to grant without taking any Fee or Reward for the fame: Provided always, that every such Boat having on board at any One Time any greater Quantity of Spirits than Ten Gallons, or any greater Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff than Fifty Pounds Weight of each of the said Articles, unless such greater Quantity of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be in Casks or Packages of the Size, Content, or Weight herein-before required, or having on board at any One Time any greater Quantity of Tea than Fifty Pounds Weight, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Office or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

V. Provided also, and be it further mailed, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Importation into or Exportation from the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sarkf or either of them, of any Wine in Bottles, shipped in Cases or Calks only, each containing at least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles: Provided always, that before any such Wine in Bottles shall be shipped for Exportation to or for Great Britain or lrelond, the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of he Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board of which such Wine shall be so intended to be exported, together

with One other sufficient Surety, shall give Bond in the Penalty of Forty Shillings per Gallon, that the Wine so shipped shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be duly entered and landed at the Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland to or for which the same shall be declared at the Time of giving such Bond (which Bond and Declaration the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs is hereby authorized and empowered to take); and such Officer is hereby required to fumish the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in which any such Wine may be, with a Certificate, specifying the Num» ber of such Packages as aforesaid, and the Quantity of Wine contained in each, the Date of the Bond, and the Name of the Port or Place to or for which the same shall be so declared; and such Bond so given as aforesaid shall not be delivered up or cancelled until a Certificate, under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Customs in Great Britain or Ireland, of the due landing of the Wine mentioned therein, shall be produced to and left with the Officer taking the said Bond within Three Months after the Date of such Bonds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, having on board any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirituous Liquors, in any Cask or Package which shall not contain Sixty Gallons at the least (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on hoard such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not exceeding Two Gallons for each Seaman) or having on board any Wine in Casks or Packages of left Content than a reputed Hogshead (except such Wine in Bottles as by this Act is allowed, and provided such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, having Wine on board, shall not exceed Sixty Tom Burthen)! or foxing on board any Tobacco or Snuff in any Cask or Package containing left than Four

hundred

450 GEORGII nr.

C. 121.

575

hundred and fifty Pounds Weight save and except loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Seaman), mail be found at Anchor, or hovering, or shall be discovered to have been within Two Leagues of the Coasts of the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Sark> or within Two Miles of the Coast of Alderney, such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not proceeding on her Voyage (Wind and Weather permitting) unless in case of unavoidable Necessity or Distress of Weather, of which Necessity or Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall give Notice, and make Proof before the Chief Officer of the Customs of the nearest Port, or the Port in which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall take Shelter, or to which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, can go under all Circumstances of Wind, Tide, and Weather, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within, the Limits of such Port, then not only all such Goods and Packages, but also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized as such by any Officer of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of Customs or Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found or taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Snip, Vessel, or Boat, liable to Forfeiture under any of the Provisions of this Act, or liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of any other Act or Acts, for being found, or having been at Anchor, or hovering within any such Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board, as subject such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and every Person found aiding or assisting in unshipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying, concealing, or assisting in the carrying away, conveying, or concealing, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or Spirits, subject to Forfeiture under this Act, or any Law or Ad relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, in the United Kingdom, shall forfeit for every such Offence either Treble the Value of the Goods that shall be found or taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to the Election and Discretion of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, who shall direct any Prosecution or Suit to be commenced against any such Person^ such Penalty of Treble the Value, or of One hundred Pounds, as the Case may be, to be recovered as. any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, and One Half of every such Penalty of Treble Value, or of One hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons finding and taking, and detaining such Person, or informing for the fame, and such Person shall also be liable to such other Punishment as may by any Law or Act of Parliament be inflicted on any such Offender; and it shall Be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs, or Excise, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to ft<m, arrest, and detain every such Person, being a Subject of His Majesty, and to convey the said Person before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Port or Place into which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such Person shall be To taken or arrested 5 and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person was so found or taken, or discovered as aforesaid, unless any such Person found or taken, or having been on board of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to hold such Person to Bail, with Two good and sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Person, to answer to any Indictment or Information that may be brought against him in that Behalf, and to pay such Penalty, and abide any Judgement for any such Offence 5 and in Default of any such Person finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid', or until the lame, shall be found, to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison, or House of Correction, to answer as aforesaid u Provided nevertheless, that if any such Personfo found or discovered, and taken as aforesaid, shallT>e capable and desirous of entering and serving as a Seaman or Marine in any of His Majesty's Ships of War, it shall- be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, by whom such Person was taken, arrested, and detained as aforesaid, or for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any such Person may be carried, and such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, in ft ead of taking such Person before any Justice or Magistrate, and such Justice or Magistrate is hereby authorized, instead of holding any such Person to Bail, to carry and convey, or cause to be earned or conveyed such Person on board any or His Majesty's Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a Seaman or Marine 5 and such Person being lo entered and received, shall not on any Account be discharged from His Majesty's Service during the Term of Five Years, and from thence until the Conclusion of any War in which His Majesty may be engagedat the Period of the Expiration of such Five Years, unless disabled within that Time by unavoidable. Accident or bodily Infirmity 5 and any Officer of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, who shall presume, know* ingly and wilfully, to discharge any Person To entered and received as aforesaid contrary to this Act, or shall by faiie Muster or Certificate, or in Consideration of a Gratuity of any Kind, or by any other collusive or evasive Ways or Means whatsoever, suffer or permit any such Person to avoid the actual Service hereby intended, every such Officer shall, on Conviction for any such Offence, either by any Court Martial, or on any Information, filed by His Majesty's Attorney General, be cashiered: Provided always, that no Person To taken, arrested, or detained, and entering as a Seaman, shall be liable to forfeit any such Penalty of Treble Value, or One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, unless such Person shall thereafter desert His Majesty's Service, or quit the Janie 'without being duly discharged.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Person so found and taken, arrested, or detained as aforesaid, entering to serve His Majesty, no Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively, and they are hereby required, on Proof made to their Satisfaction of such Arrest, Taking, and Detention as aforesaid, and of

Guernsey, Sec. shall be forfeited, as also the Articles.

Penalty o«

Ssjhjc (not being P-Ur-i'geif only) found on b .ard Vessels liable to Forfeiture, or assisting in unlh'i'ping er concealing Spirits, .&c. Treble the V^lne of the Goodt>, or tool.

Sbch P?rfont-m: y be taken before a Justice near the Port to which the Ship is brought; to be bailed or committed!

or ifdefiroua of entering into Navy or

Marines, may bt* taken before Officer? and entered for Five Years, Jcc.

Officers

discharging such Persons shall bft cashiered.

Persons'entcnng, See. acquitted from Penally.

Commissioner? of Customs and Excise may reward Officers and o; hei>

S76

C. 1

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

where Men taken enter to serve His Majesty.

Penalty on Persons taking H-rfes for

of such entering into His Majesty's Service as aforesaid, to reward the Person or Persons who would, if any Penalty or Forfeiture had been recoverable, have been entitled to any Part thereof, with such Sum not exceeding the Proportion to which such Person would have been entitled, as, under all the Circumstances of the Case, shall to such Commissioners respectively appear proper, and such Reward may and shall be paid by the said Commissioners respectively, out of any Monies in their Hands, arising from the Duties on Foreign Spirits, Tea, or Tobacco.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to any other Person or Persons, without his, her, or their Consent, for the Purpose of

conve in feixed cariT^ng or conveying any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or Spirits, or any Tobacco or Snuff, subject to Forfeiture under this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise; every without Owners such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Consent, Peace, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, on the Oath of One or more credible

50l. to 20l. Witness or Witnesses, which Oath every such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, shall for every such

Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Fifty and not less than Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the Unitftl Kingdom and One Half of every such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons informing of the fame, and the other Half thereof to the Use of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, shall belong; Provided always, that nothing herein contained, shall be construed to exempt any such Offender from any such Punishment, of any such Action as he would by Law have been liable to, for taking or using such Horfo, Mare, or Gelding, in case such Penalty had not been imposed by this Act,

X. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise shall hav$ the like

Powers and Authorities for bringing to, going and remaining on board of, and examining and searching of all Ships, Vessels, and Boats tnadehable to Forfeiture under this Act, which shall be found in or be discovered to have been in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred

Leagues of any Part of the Coast of the United Kingdom, or which shall be found in or discovered to have been within any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven, or Roadstead, or which shall be found to be hovering or have been within any such Distaneea as aforesaid of either of the said Islands of Gutmfey, Jersey, Sarkt or Alderney, as are contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament for the giving to any Officers of Customs

Powers of Officer* of Customs and'

Exctfe, under existing A£s, extended to Vessel* and Good* liable to Forfeiture under Alderney this Act. —

or Person* a (fault .ng or

Excise any Powers or Authorities, or do any Act in relation to any such Goods as aforesaid, or to any Ships, Vessels, or Boats within the Ports, or hovering or having been hovering on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and all Powers and Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, given, contained, or continued in or by any Act or Acts now in force in the United Kingdom, for the Protection of the Revenues of Customs or Excise, and for the better Prevention of Smuggling, or relating to Ships, Vessels, or Boats hovering or found, or discovered to have been wffthin certain Distances of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and also relating to any Goods laden or being on board any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, shall be and the same is and are, so far as the same are applicable, and are not by this Act varied or altered, hereby extended and directed, ^nd declared severally ana respectively to extend, and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemed and construed to extend and be in full Force, and be applied and put in Execution as to all Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods made liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Forfeitures, and Penalties, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall by Force or Violence assault, refill, oppose, moled, obstruct, or hinder any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, ov Marines, or any refitting Officers .(}fficer in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons aiding or afliiling in the due Execution Customs or * l^e Powers and Authorities by this Act given or granted, such Person or Persons being thereof convicted Excise, in by due Course of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for Seven Years, or sentenced to be

Execution of thi* imprisoned in any House of Correction or Common Gaol, and kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Act, shall be Three Years, at the Discretion of the Court before whom the Offender shall be tried and convicted as aforesaid; Smd'tr nfpo^d:or any Person or Persons shall maliciously flioot at or upon any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging to His for 7 YeiM, &c. Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or Shooting at any <elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland; Ship, or Officer, or if uny Person or Persons shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or dangerously wound any Officer or Officers of* His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, or any Person or Persons aiding or assisting such Officer or Officers, whether attempting to go on board or being on board, or returning from on Eoard any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or otherwise acting in the due Execution of his or their Duty under any of the Powers, Authorities, or Provisions of this Act, every Person so offending, and every Person aiding, abetting, or assisting therein, shall, being thereof lawfully convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Ffton, without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Offence made Felony by this Act, committed within any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven, or Roadstead of either of the said I (lands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, may and shall be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined in the said Islands; and every Offence committed elsewhere out of the United Kingdom, may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined in any County of the United Kingdom 5 and every such Offence committed within England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined within any County of that Part of the said United Kingdom in which such Offence shall have been committed, in such Manner and Form as if the Offence had teen committed in the County in which the same shall be inquired of, tried, and determined.

See. Felony without Clergy.

Where Offences shall be tried.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 121.

577

XIII. And whereas the Sale of condemned Spirits at the Out Ports of the United Kingdom, has in its Consequences afforded much Facility to Smuggling, and been productire of much Inconvenience and Detriment to the Revenue 5 for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Foreign Brandr, Rum, Geneva, and other Spirits, which shall be seized at Sea in any Part of the Irish or British Channels, or Entrances thereof, or any of the North Seas to the Southward of the Frith of Forth, or in any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven, or Roadstead of England or [Vales, or of the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, or on Land within Twenty Miles of any Port of England or Wales, by any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or any Officer acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in England, shall, after Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to the Port of London; and all such Spirits which shall be seized elsewhere, or on or off any of the Coasts of Scotland or adjacent Islands, or in any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven, or Roadstead of Scotland, by any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or any Officer afling under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in Scotland, or on Land in any Part of Scotland, shall, after Condemnation, be forthwith conveyed to any Port or Place that shall have bees appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Tivafury of Great Britain, or any Three of them 5 and all Spirits which shall be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, near to the Coast of Ireland, or by any Officer acting under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in Ireland, shall, after Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any Place in Ireland that shall have been appoined for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, or any Three of them; and all such Spirits, as soon as conveniently raay be after the Seizure thereof, shall be safely lodged and secured in some Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to the Customs or Excise, and within Forty-eight Hours after being so lodged and deposited shall, if it mall appear proper or necessary, be drawn off and put into large and substantial Casks; and all such Spirits, whether so drawn off or put, shall be gauged and taken account of, and the Strength of each Quantity ascertained by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, who is or are hereby required to attend and gauge and take an Account thereof upon receiving Twelve Hours Notice in Writing for that Purpose 5 and m case of Seizures made by the Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or Customs, One or more Officer or Officers of the Customs shall take and keep an Account of the Quantity and Strength of every Seizure of Spirits against the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and such Account shall be fairly entered in Books

Sid for that Purpose, and countersigned by the Officers of both Revenues; and in caie of Seizures made Officer or Officers of Excise, an Account of the Quality and Strength thereof shall be taken by the or or Supervisor, and one other Officer not interested therein, and fairly entered in a Book to be kept for .that Purpose, and shall also be countersigned by the respective Persons taking such Account.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Tobacco and Snuff which shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, and which after the Seizure thereof shall be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse in England, shall, after Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to the Port of London; ana all Tobacco and Snuff which shall be so seized and lodged or deposited in any Warehouse in Scotland, shall, after Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any Port or Plate that shall hare been appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, or aay Three or more of them; and all Tobacco and Snuff which shall be so seized, and lodged, and deposited in any Warehouse in Ireland, shall, after 'Condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any Place in Ireland that shall have been appointed for that Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's 'Treasury of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct any Spirits that shall be seized and condemned as forfeited under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, to be again distilled, if the same shall be deemed proper and necessary, for the Purpose of bringing the same to a proper Strength, and also to direct such Spirits either before or after any such Distilbitkm, as they shall see fit, and also any Tobacco or Snuff that shall be so seized and condemned as aforesaid, to be delivered to the Care of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy, or if in Ireland, to any Agent employed by them for the supplying of His Majesty's Navy, or to cause any such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, to be destroyed, as shall under all the Circumstances appear to them most conducive to the Protection of the Revenue 5 and it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners respectively, from Time to Time to give such Directions for the Removal of any, such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, and to make such Regulations for the ascertaining the Value of such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, or to fix any average Value thereof, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Rewards to which the Informers or Persons seizing the same respectively, would have been entitled if the same had been sold and distributed under any Act or Acts, or Regulation, now in force, in relation to the Distribution of any Share of the Produce of any Seizure, to or among any Officer of Customs or Excise respectively, and from Time to Time to direct the Amount (not being in any Case a less Amount, as far as the Mode of ascertaining the Value of any such Seizure will allow, than such Officer would have been otherwise entitled to), and the Time and Manner of paying the fame; and also to regulate the Amount and Mode of Distribution of Rewards to any Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, or any Commissioned Officer, Petty or Warrant Officer or Seamen of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, as shall appear to be reasonable, and the Time and Mode of paying the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Powers, Authorities, Rseftifftaons, and Exceptions, and all Privileges and Protections atto maintaining or defending any Suit or Action, and pleading therein, or any Costs thereon, in relation to any Acts, Matters, or Things done or that may be done by any Officer of Customs or Excise under this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in face on and immediately before the passing of this Act, for the Frotedion of the Revenuef of Customs and AS <3lo. HI. 4 E Excise

Spirits seized shall be deposited in King's Ware-house, in London, or at Places appointed by Treasury in Scotland or Ireland, and an Account kept of Qu >ntiiy and Strength.

Tobacco and Snuff shall be conveyed to London; or to Places appointed by Treasury in Scotland and relavfd.

Treasury may order Spirits, Tobacco, and Snuff, to be dc*liv< red to Victualling Offjcc, &c. or to be destroyed, and to settle the Rewards to be given to Officers of Customs, Excise, Nn>y, or Army.

Powers and Privileges of Officers of Customs and Excise extended to Commissioned Officers of the Nivy or Army.

578 C. i2i) i22» 45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

SHipi f. ized by Officers of the Navy, See. be delivered to Revenue Officerr. Seizures and Penalties rriay be proceeded for under the Laws in force where seized, 3c c.

Additional Duty of as. 6d. per Foot on Foreign Plate Glas'i 3cc. and is. per Foot on German Sheet Glass imported.

Glass shall be impoireti in Packages of 5 Cwt. and zneafuring 6 cubical Feet, marked 1 Plate Glass/ 3cc.

Except Plates of

60 l.ictaa long,

lie.

Masters of YcfteJs shall specify all Packages of Glass in their Report.

Otofv f und inclosed in Packages contaii ing other Goods f«'ifciccd, and Double Value.

Excise, or Prevention of Smuggling, and every Clause, Matter, or Thing, therein contained, relating to any Ships, Vessels, or Boats, made subject to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, or by reason of being found with any prohibited or uncudomed Goods on board within certain Distances of the Coasts of His Majesty's Dominions, or to any Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or any Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, or Apparel thereof, or to any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command, or any other Person on board of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force, and put in Execution in all Cases and for all Purposes, and be used and exercised by all Commissioned Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, and Marines, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Protections, Exemptions, Exceptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things relating thereto, and contained and enabled therein, were repeated and re«*nadled in this Act, as to Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, and Marines respectively.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Goods, or other Articles seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, under the Provisions of this Act, shall forthwith be delivered to or lodged in the Custody of some Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, who shall thereupon take an Acount thereof, and give a Receipt for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Ships, Vessels, Boats, Goods, and Articles seized under any of the Provisions of this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, may and shall be managed, kept, detained, proceeded against, sued for, prosecuted, condemned, distributed, recovered, and applied, in England, Scotland, and Ireland, respectively, according to the Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in such respective Parts of the United Kingdom, in so far as the same are or can be made applicable, and are not by this Act altered or varied.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for charging additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain.

[12th July 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties on Plate Glass, Crown Glass, and Glass called Sheet Glaft,

imported into Great Britain, should be increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Customs of Two Shillings and Sixpence for each and every Foot superficial Measure of all Foreign rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate or Crown Glass; and One Shilling for each and every Foot superficial Measure of German Sheet Glass, imported or brought into Great Britain; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

"'Such Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and be levied as former Duties, $2."

III. And whereas there is great Reason to bcMcve that the fraudulent Importation of Glass hath of late

much increased, to the Injury of the Revenue and the fair Trader for Remedy thereof it is hereby further _ enabled, That every Package containing any Plate or Plates of Glass unframed, being Plate Glass, Crown Glass, or Glass called Sheet Glass, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, or which shall be brought in'For the Purpose of Exportation, shall contain Five hundred Weight nett at least of such Glass, and shall measure Six Cubical Feet at least, and be entirely filled with Glass, without any other Case or Package whatever contained therein, and shall be marked or stamped on the Outside in Roman Letters, not less than Four Inches in Length, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom the same is consigned, and also with the Words Plate Glass/' 44 Crown Glass/' or Glass called Sheet Glass, " respectively, as the Case may be, with the Number and Sizes contained in the said Package, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Glass so imported or brought contrary to the Directions of this Act r Provided always, .that this Act shall not extend to forfeit any Plate or Plates of Glass being of the Length of Sixty Inches or upwards, on Account of the same not being imported or brought in Packages marked and described as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every Ship or Vessel in which any such Glass shall be imported, or which shall be brought into this Kingdom for the Purpose of Exportation, shall, in the Report of his Ship's Cargo, express every Package in which such Glass shall be contained, as containing Plate Glass, Crown Glass, or Glass called Sheet Glaft respectively; and in ease any Package shall be found on board any such Ship or Vessel containing such Glass, the Contents of which shall not have been reported as Glass according to the Directions of this Act, such Package, together with the Glass therein contained, shall be forfeited.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Crown Glass, Plate Glass, or Glass called Sheet Glaft, shall be found inclosed in any Case or Package whatever containing other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize than such Crown Glass, Plate Glass, or Glass called Sheet Glass, or shall be found amongst Goods so contained in any such Case or Package, all such Crown Glass, Plate Glass, or Glass called Sheet Glass, shall be forfeited, .together with Double the Value thereof.

Forfeitures shall be recovered and applied asunder existing Laws of Customs against illegal Importations, §6.

44 XJunhation^f Actions, 3 Months, General Issue, Treble Costs, £7.".4

&.D. 5.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 12

579

G. r. c. 2S.6.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl} and the Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of Derby.

[12th July 1805.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Isle of Man was granted in Sovereignty by King Henry the Fourth to Sir John Stanley, and was, by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First,

confirmed and afliired to the right Heirs of James Lord Stanley, the Seventh Earl of Derby, the Ancestors of 7Jac^i. c.^pr,

the most Noble John now Duke of Atholl: And whereas the said Ancestors of the said iohn now Duke of Atholl continued Lords of the said Island, with Sovereign Rights, until the Fifth Year of the Reign of present Majesty: And whereas an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the rirft, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of His Majesty's Rn^enues of Customs, Excise, and r z C 4 Inland Duties; in which Act, Provisions were contained for purchasing the Sovereign Rights and Privileges /5 4 of the Lords of the said Island, and for paying the Compensation to be given for the lame out of the Duties of Customs of England: And whereas an Act passed in the said Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract made pursuant to the Act of Parliament of the Twelfth of $ G. 3. c 2$,

His late Majesty King George the First, between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury and the Duke and Dutchess of Atholl, the Proprietors of the ffle of Man, and their Trustees, for the Pttrchafe of the said Island and its Dependencies under certain Exemptions therein particularly mentioned: And whereas under all the Circumft'mces of the Resignation of the Rights, Royalties, and Privileges, when vested in the Family of the said John now Duke of Atholl, and by the said Act reverted in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it appears to be just and reasonable that a further Compensation should be given: And whereas by virtue of 4 a Deed of Restriction, bearing Date she Twelfth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and seventyfour, duly executed by the most Noble Charlotte Dutchess of Athollf the said John Duke of Atholl became entitled to the immediate Possession of the Rights reserved to his Family in the Isle of Min, and hath ever since continued to enjoy the fame: And whereas the Revenues rrifing from the Duties of Customs of the said Island, before the parting of the said Act of the Fifth Year aforesaid, belonged to the Ancestors of the said John Duke of Atholl, and it is therefore just and proper that the annual Amount of the further Compensation to be given Should be regulated from Time to Time by the Produce of the Revenues of the said Island: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That An Annuity One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of lawful Money of Great Britain, equal to One fourth Part of the eqml to One-Gross Annual Revenue arising from the Duties of Customs now payable and arising within the said Island on of the

the Importation and Exportation of Good?, Wares, and Merchandize, into and from the said Island, shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from Time to Time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in Manner and Form following; that is to Dulfe^f Athol! say, to the said John Duke of Atholl and the Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of Derby; which laid Annuity an(j t^e Heirs # or Yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight General of the hundred and five, the First Payment to be computed from the said Fifth Day of January, and from Seventh EmI of thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Derby»

Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January, in each and every Year.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter any new or further or provj(ton jn - additional Duties of Customs shall be granted on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, and case of new Merchandize, into and out of the said Island, the Annuity granted by this Act shall not be calculated on the Huties, or any Produce of any such new or further or additional Duties; and if any of the Duties of Customs, now payable 'J.or and arising within the said Island, shall at any Time hereafter be repealed or altered or varied, or if at any Time or 7e"t'I)iuici hereafter any new Duties shall be granted in lieu of any Duties of Customs that may be repealed, then and " in every such Case, the Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum to be paid to the said John Duke of Atholl and the said Heirs General of the Seventh Earl of Derby, shall be calculated on the Average Produce of the Amount of the Duties of Customs so repealed, altered, or varied, as the same shall have flood at the Rates now payable for the Three Years ending the Fifth Day of January next preceding the Repeal, Alteration, or varying thereof as aforesaid.

Annuity shall be paid at the Exchequer without Fees, §3. — Warrant for Payment of Annuity not to be 4< determinable upon the Demiie of His Majesty, §4.. — Officers of the Treasury and Exchequer shall execute V the Act without Fees, §5. — Receipt of Duke of Atholl, &c. shall be a Discharge. — Remedy for Recovery of Annuity, j 6.

C ifloms now tuning within, tl. 1 He of Man shall h? p.iid out cf Cjiiluiidj'cd

Fund to the

4Ei

45° GEORGII III.

580 C. 124.

A.D. 1805.

R#ciraf of 4 G.5. C. 33./.1. enabling Creditors to sue out a Comm^rum of Bankruptcy again f> Traders being Members of Paiiiamjeit

Traders h*\hg Privilege of Plirliament, shall wirt»in Two Months after Summonses, See. under rcci ed Act, enter an Appearance, or be adjudged Bankrupt.

On Prorefs by SumnMiis without Affidavit, Appearance may be entered fur Defendant.

Appearances may a I so be pat in for Defendants having Privilege of Parliament,

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to amend an A<3, paired in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Ittconveniencies arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Descriptiort of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, icing entitled to Privilege of Parliament and becoming insolvent; and to prevent Delay in the entering Appearances in Actions brought against Persons having Privilege of Parliament. [i2lh July 1805: ]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4* intituled, An A&fr preventing Inconveniences arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Persons as are

within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent, it is enacted, That, from and after the Eleventh Day of May One thousand seven hundred and

sixty-four, it should be lawful for any single Creditor, or Two or more Creditors, being Partners, whose Debt or Debts should amount to One hundred Pounds or upwards, and for any Two Creditors whose Debts should

amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds or upwards, or any Three or more Creditors whose Debts should

amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, of any Person or Persons deemed a Merchant, Banker, Broker,

Fadlor, Serivenor, or Trader or Traders, within the Description of the Acts of Parliament relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, at any Time, upon Affidavit or Affidavits being made and filed on Record in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster by such Creditor or Creditors, that such Debt or Debts is or are justly due to him or them respectively, and that every such Debtor, as he or they verily believe, is a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Serivenor, or Trader, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, to sue out of the same Court, Summons, or an original Bill and Summons,

against such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fadlor, Serivenor, or Trader, and serve him with a Copy thereof^4 and if such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fadlor, Serivenor, or Tra 1r, should not within Two Months after

personal Service of such Summons (Affidavits of the Debt or Debts haying been duly made, and fifed as aforesaid

pay, secure, or compound for such Debt or Debts to the Satisfaction of such Creditor or Creditors, or enter

into a Bond in such Sum, and with Two such sufficient Sureties as any of the Judges of that Court out of which such Summons should issue should approve of, to pay such Sum as should be recovered in such Action. 4 or Actions, together with such Costs as should be given in the fame, he should be accounted and adjudged a 4 Bankrupt from the Time of the Service of such Summons, and any Creditor or Creditors might sue out a 4 Commission against any such Person, and proceed thereon in like Manner as against other Bankrupts: And;

whereas the said recited Provision hath by Experience been found to be extremely salutary, but hath on foipe Occasions, where Bonds have been given in pursuance thereof, been rendered migatory by the Difficulty and sometimes Impossibility of enforcing the entering Appearances in the Actions for the Payment of the Sums

to be recovered, in which such Bonds have been given: And whereas it is fitting and becoming the Honour and Dignity of Parliament to adopt every Means to give Effect to the said recited Act, and all and every the Provisions thereof: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Summons, or original Bill and Summons, shall be sued out against any Person or Persons deemed a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fadlor, Serivenor, or Trader or Traders, within the Description of the Acts relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, and such Affidavit or Affidavits of the Debt or Debts duly made, and filed, as in the said recited Act mentioned, and such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fadlor, Serivenor, or Trader, shall enter into such Bond as in the said Act mentioned, to pay such Sum as shall be recovered in such Action or Actions, together with such Costs as shall be given in the fame, every such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fadlor, Scrivepor, or Trader, shall also within Two Months after personal Service of such Summons, cause an Appearance or Appearances to be entered to such Action or Actions, in the proper Court or Courts in which the same shall have been brought, and on default thereof he shall be accounted and adjudged Bankrupt from the Time of the Service of such Summons; and any Creditor or Creditors may file out a Commission against any such Person, and proceed therein in like Manner as against other Bankrupts.

" If within Eight Days after puffing this Act'Appearances are not entered by Defendants to Actions previously 4t brought, such Action may be discontinued and a new Action brought under this Act, to which the Pendency of the former Action shall not be pleadable, §2."

III. 1 And whereas the Mode of proceeding by Diflringas is extremely dilatory and expeufive, ' be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Summons, or original Bill and Summons, shall be sued out against any Person having Privilege of Parliament, and no such Affidavit shall be made and filed as in the said recited Act, and herein-before is mentioned, if the Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of the Summons, or within Eight Days after such Return, in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court of the personal Service of such Summons* which said Affidavit shall be filed gratis, to enter an Appearance or Appearances for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his or their Appearance.

IV. And whereas in many Cases, Persons having Privilege of Parliament are named as Defendants in Suits instituted in Courts of Equity against them, either alone or jointly with other Persons, for enforcing against them Demands and Duties cognizable in Courts of Equity, and in some Cases such Defendants,

having Privileges of Parliament, have flood out to the Return of Process of Sequestration issued against them for enforcing Appearance, and such Process of Sequestration hath not been found sufficient to enforce

6 1 such

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

0.124, 125. 581

Equity, Rcrur- or Scq:

' >cf fs

iliuiioii.

wp'e']

g«

such Appearance; r be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of in Ccu rsor this Act, in case any Defendant having Privilege of Parliament shall, upon a Return of Process of Sequestration issued against him for not putting in an Appearance to any original or other Bill of Complaint instituted against him in a Court of Equity for enforcing Discovery and Relief, or Discovery alone (as the Cate may be)* that then and in such Case such Court upon producing the Return of such Sequestration in Court may, on the Motion or other Application of the Plaintiff in such Cause, appoint a Clerk in Court to enter an Appearance for such Defendant (o having Privilege of Parliament, and such Proceedings may be thereupon ancir ] had in the Cause as if the Party had actually ap]>earud.

V. And whereas in maity Cases it is necessary on the Part of the Persons having legal Rights against fn t>f

Persons having Privilege of Parliament, to proceed by Bill in Equity against such Persons so having Fri- Answe.i ro ttill

vilege of Parliament, to obtain from them Discovery, on Oath, of Fads intended to be used or given iii £ll, srv Evidence in Courts of Law against the Persons making such Discovery, and in Cases where such Persons

having such Privilege as aforesaid, shall ft and out Process of Contempt, Parties entitled to such Discovery against 0V 4 them have not Sufficient Means of compelling or obtaining the same in all Cases be it therefore enacted by B»M shall be the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, when any Defendant, having Privilege ukenpr*cuift£i-t of Parliament, shall have appeared to any Bill filed against him, seeking a Discovery upon Oath, or when an-Appearance shall have been entered for such Defendant according to the Provisions aforesaid, a id such Persons shall refuse or neglect to put in his Answer to such Bill within the Time for that Purpose allowed by the Rules and Orders of such Court, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Plaintiff in such Suit to apply to the Court for an Order, that such Bill shall be taken fro confejfo against such Defendant, and upon such Application such.

Court of Equity shall make an Order, that such Bill shall be taken fro unless the Defendant shall, within.

Eight Day^after being served with such Order, shew good Canfe to the contrary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any such Order shall have been pronounced fey Such BWI shall any such Court of Equity for taking such Bill fro confejfo, tha* then such Bill in Equity so taken fn eonfeffo Hr read in shall be taken and read in any Court of Law or Equity, as Evidence of the Fads and Matters and Things Evidence, as an therein contained, in the same Manner as if such Fads, Matters, and Things had been admitted to be true

by the Answer of the Defendant put in to such Bill, and such Bill so taken pro cor.fcjjo shall be received and 1 C J taken in Evidence of such and the same Fads, and on Behalf of such and so many Persons, as the Answer of the Defendant to the said Bill could and might have been read and received in Evidence of, in case such Answer had been put in by the Defendant thereto, and had admitted the same Fads, Matters, and Circumstances^ as in such Bill dated and set forth.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the pifling of this Act, Tr , d rs when any Decree or Order shall have been pronounced in any Cause depending in the High Court of Chati- Pimkgcof eery, or in Plis Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or any Order shall have been made in the

Matter of any Bankruptcy, or in the Matter of any Lunacy, against any Person being a Merchant, Banker, Qrd nof* Broker, Fador, Scrivenor, or Trader, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, having Cn; mceiy, &c. Privilege of Parliament, thereby ordering such Person to pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or to piy Money, Persons, or into the Bank, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in Trust, 0, 11 bcdccacd in any Cause depending in that Court, or in the Matter of such Bankruptcy or Lunacy, or to the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, in Thift, in any Cause depending in that Court (as the Case may be), and the Person so ordered to pay such Sum of Money, so being a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fador,

Scrivenor, or Trader, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, and having Privilege t>f Parliament, shall disobey such Order, the same having been duly served, then it shall be lawful for any Party or Person entitled to receive such Sum of Money under and by virtue of such Order or Decree, or intended in enforcing the Payment thereof, pursuant to such Order or Decree, in the Name of the said Accountant General or Deputy Remembrancer (as the Case may be) to apply to the Court by which such Decree or Order shall have been pronounced; or in the Matter of such Bankruptcy or Lunacy (as the Case may be) to fix a peremptory Day for the Payment of such Money, pursuant to the Terms of such Order or Decree, and such .Day shall be accordingly appointed and fixed for that Purpose by an Order made in such Cause, or in the Matter of such Lunacy or Bankruptcy (as the Case may be); and if such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fador,

Scrivenor, or Trader, within the Delcnpfion of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, being personally served with such Order at the least Eight Days before the Day therein appointed for Payment of such Money, shall neglect or omit to pay the same according to the Tenor of such Order, then such Person shall be deemed a Bankrupt from the Time of the Service of such last mentioned Order; and any Creditor or Creditors may sue out a Commission against such Person, and proceed thereon in like Maaner as; against other Bankrupts.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con- spying of Per-

ftrued to extend to subject any Person what foe ver, entitled to Privilege of Parliament, to be arrested, restrained foral Liboijrof or imprisoned during the Term of such Privilege; but that every such Person shall continue to be exempt Mfnd^rsduitag-therefrom in like Manner as if this Act had not been made. Piivkge.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons upon Articles Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors which have been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, shall not be disconfcinued by any Prorogation or Diflolu ion of Parliament.

[i ath July 1805 ]

[Sectf 0.3- a 117. & 126.3

vAi«

582 C. 126. — 128. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of me United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of Acts done by such Persons in any Office or Employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the Time he held and enjoyed the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

[12th July 1805.]

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament 4 v assembled, have voted and resolved. That Henry Lord Viscount Melville be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanours, and in pursuance of such Vote and Resolution have accordingly, at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, impeached and exhibited Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville: And whereas in the Prosecution of such Impeachment, it may be necessary to examine as Witnesses Persons who held Offices or Employments in the Navy

Pay Office under the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, during the Time or respective Times he held the

Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in respect of Acts done, and in respect of the Use and Application of the Publick Money during the Time they respectively held such Offices or Employments, and in case the Disclosure by such Persons of such Acts, or of such Use or Application of the Publick Money, should tend to expose such Persons to criminal Prosecutions, and such Persons might therefore by Law refiife to disclose the fame: And whereas it is expedient, for securing and promoting the Ends of Justice, to indemnify, as they are herein after indemnified, such Persons against any Criminal Prosecutions upon their truly and faithfully making such Discovery and Disclosure as is herein after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted, &c. 44 Persons who have held Offices in the Navy Pay Office examined as Witnesses in the Impeach- ment against Lord Melville, and making "a true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure shall be indemnified from Penalties and Prosecutions on Account of the Transactions of which they give Evidence, j 1." 44 Persons giving false Evidence or refusing to give Evidence shall not be indemnified, §2."

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to vest the Townleian Collection of Ancient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Mufeumy for the Use of the Publick..[12 h July 1805.]

Recital of Act 26 G. 2. c. 22. appointing Trustees of the British Museum, and of Act 28 G. 2. ft. 2. c. 3. §2, 44 for conveying Montague House to the feud Trustees. — Recital of the Will of Charles Townley, late of Townley in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esq. and of the Disposition of his Collection of ancient Marbles by the said Will and a Codicil thereto. — Recital of Proposals for Purchase of the said Collection by the Trustees of the British Museum for 2o, ocol. Treasury of Great Britain empowered to issue 20, ooool. 44 to the Trustees of the Britishi Museum for the Purchase of the said Collection of ancient Marbles, &c. §1. — 44 On Payment of the Purchase Money, the Collection shall vest in the Trustees of the British Museum, and shall be distinguished by the Name of the Townleian Collection, §2, 3. — Edward Townley Standish Esq. 44 added to the Trustees of the British Museum; and a Successor to be named by his Heirs, See. $ 4. — Such Trustee shall have the like Powers as the Trustees under the recited Acts, §5. — Till Payment of the Purchase, 44 Money may be veiled in Navy Bills, §6"

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for allowing, under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

[12th July 1803.]

WHEREAS the bringing of Coals, Culm, or Cinders burnt from Coal or Culm, by Inland Navigation, Y* nearer to London than certain Places (specified in various Acts of Parliament authorizing the making of certain navigable Canals communicating with the Thames, and the Cities of London and Westminster, is by the said Acts, or other Laws now in force, prohibited: And whereas it may be beneficial to permit, under certain Restrictions, a limited Quantity of Coals to be brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals, towards the Supply necessary for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, upon Payment of the like Duties as are now due and payable on Coals, according to the Weight thereof, brought Coastwise into the Port of London : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it Commissioncn enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and of Customs shall Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it ered a Stone or shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, and they are hereby required, as Poll at a certain fOQn after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five as the same can be done, to erect and maintain, or cause to be erected and maintained, a Stone or Post on or near to the Towing Path of the Grand Junction Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Park, as yontiguous to the Wharf, now in the Possession and Occupation of the Earl of Clarendon (and on the South Side thereof), as the same can conveniently be placed, and as may appear to the said Commissioners to be eligible.

II. And be it further enacted, That no greater Quantity of any such Coal, Culm, and Cinders, than Fifty thousand Tons in the Whole, shall be brought by Means of the said Canals nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, within One Year from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five.

12 III. And

Spot on the Vowing Path of the Grand Junction Canal.

Not more than 50, 000 Ton* of Coals shall be brought beyond tuch Stone for One Year.

c,

A.D. 1805. 45° GEORGII III. C. 128. 583

III. And to the Intent that all Persons may from Time to Time be apprized of the Quantity of Coals, Officer shall keep Culm, or Cinders, which shall have been brought by Means of the said Canals, nearer to London than the JJ1

said Stone or'Pod, ' be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, to be Coasfa roufilt#

appointed as herein after mentioned, shall keep and enter in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, a

just and true Account of the Quantity of Coals so brought as aforesaid, and shall daily affix in some conspicuous

Place, at or near the said Stone or Post, in legible Characters, a true Statement of the total Quantity of

Coals, Culm, and Cinders, which shall have been so brought, between the said First Day of <August and the

Day on which such Statement shall be so affixed; and when and so soon as the whole Quantity of Fifty thousand

Tons of Coals, Culm, or Cinders shall have been brought nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, the Commissioners of the Customs shall, and they are hereby required, to cause Notice to be published thereof m

the London Gazette, and in some or One of the Provincial Papers of the several Counties through which the said Canal pastes; and after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, no Boat, Vessel, or Barge, laden

with or having on board any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall pass the said Stone or Post; and if any Boat,

Vessel, or Barge, laden with or having on board any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall, after such Notice, pass the said Stone or Post, then and in such Case all such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat,

Barge, or Vessel for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Customs to permit any such Coals, Coals shall not Culm, or Cinders, to pass the said Stone or Post, towards the supplying of London or Westminster, or the pass unless with Places adjacent, under this A£, in any Boat, Barge, or Vessel, in which any other Goods, Wares, or Certificates of Merchandize shall be laden, nor until the Master or Person having charge of the Boat, Barge, or Vessel in which such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be laden, shall produce and deliver to such Officer as may be *"

stationed at or near to the said Stone or Post by order of the said Commissioners of Customs, (who is hereby authorized and required to receive or demand the fame), a Certificate, exp re fling the real Quantity of Coals,

Culm, or Cinders, in such Boat, Barge, or Vessel; which Certificate every Person felling or shipping any Coals, Culm, or Cinders, towards the Supply of London and Westminster, or the Places adjacent, is hereby required to give to such Master or other Person having the Charge of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, who is hereby required to deliver the same to the said Officer of Customs, who shall sign and enter and register the same in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and the said Entry and Register of the Certificate shall be accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete Evidence in all Cases in which the original Certificate is not produced; and in case there shall be in such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, any greater Quantity of Coals than shall be e.xprefisd in such Certificate, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize laden on board, then and in such Case the Coals, Culm, or Cinders on board of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Customs, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain such Boat, Barge, or Vessel for that Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fending any such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, Penalty on

for Sale, towards the Supply of the Cities of London or Westminster, and Places adjacent, shall knowingly giving false Ceu

give any false Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity or Quantities of Coals on board of any Barge or tificate, 50l.

Vessel, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall, upon any Pretence whatever. Penalty on

be laden on board any Boat, Barge, or Vessel, upon any Part of the said Canal between the said Stone or Post nt

and the Termination of the said Canal at Paddington, or on any Part of the said Canal between the said Stone toward/Pad!0"* or Post and the Junction of the said Canal with the River Thames; and if any such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, dington or the

shall befo laden on board any such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, contrary to the Directions of this Act, the Person Tuames, 51. per

or Performs by whom, or on whose Account the same shall be so laden, shall; for every such Offence, forfeit the Ton.

Sum of Five Pounds for every Ton Weight of such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity 5 and such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, shall be forfeited, and may and shall be seized by any Officer of the Cust.oma, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain fuqh Boat, Barge, or Vessel for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, and collected, on all Coals, Culm, or Duties on such

Cinders brought along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals, nearer to London than the said Stone or

Post, the several and respective Rates and Duties of Customs following; (that is to say), the Sum of Seven Shillings and Sixpence, for and upon each and every Ton of Coals, Culm, or Cinders so brought; and an additional Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings on every One hundred Pounds of such first Amount of Duty; and also a further additional Duty of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings on every One hundred Pounds of such first

Amount of Duty; and also a further additional Duty of Two Pounds Ten Shillings on such first Amount of Duty as aforesaid; amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Nine Shillings and Sixpence Three Farthings far and upon every Ton of such Coals, Culm, or Cinders; and there shall be raised, levied, and collected for every Ton of such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, a further Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence; which last mentioned Duty shall, at the End of every Quarter, be paid to any Person or Persons to be appointed by the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, to receive the same, or if no such Person shall be appointed, into the Chamber of the City of London, as and for and in lieu of the Duty called Orphans Duty, and all other Rates, Dues, and Duties which arc payable to the Corporation of London, upon Coals, Culm, or Cinders imported into the Port of London; and all such several and respective Duties shall be doman&tble and demanded, and shall be payable and paid to the proper Officer to be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs in England to receive the same, according ta the full Quantity and Weight of Coals, such Weight and Quantity as aforesaid to be ascertained in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Customs shall«*dir*£t, in case it shall appear necessary to the said Commissioners to direct the ascertaining the same in

any

C.ia8. 45* GEORGII- III. A.D. 1805.

Duties shall (k- iirder 'Manjgcmsnt of Coro midioners of Custom*, may a^poinl proper Officers, and cawtc }Ioii(V« to be crewed, See.

Duties shall be levied, &c. as former Duties; -unless hereby

altered. '

(Pfovifiens of Acts in force relating to the Jit venue of Culioros, shall ext«.nd>to this Act; ur.tets hticby altered.

Corpti-ration of X>undon (h II appoint Officers«> wfpedl Vtffils Jadcnwiih Coals.

penalty on rndling such Officers.

any other or different Manner than is now used or authorized or required by any Act or Acts in relation to a*y .Coals carried Coastwise or brought into the Port of London,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England for the Time being 5 and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to appoint proper Officers to ascertain, raise, levy, coiledt, and account for the said Duties; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs , to cause any Building or Buildings to be erected, which may be necessary for the Accommodation of the said Officers, and for the weighing or otherwise ascertaining the Quantities and Weights of any such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, and for the safe Keeping and Custody of any Coals that may be seized under or by any Officer of Customs, as to them, or any Four or more of them, may seem necessary for the carrying this Act into Execution, and ^ascertaining and levying and collecting the said Duties.

IX. And be it further-enacted, That the Duties of Customs granted by this Act may and fhalP respectively be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) in such and the like Manner, and by the same Means, Ways, or Methods, as former Duties of Customs, and also by any such special Means, Ways, or Methods respectively as former Duties of Customs on Coals or Culm, or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm, were or might be ascertained, managed, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and all Coals, Culm, and Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm, made subject to Payment of Duties under this Act, and dl Coals, Culm, and Cinders burnt from Coal or Culm, which may be brought by the said Canals nearer to London than the Place by this Act specified, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be, and the same are respectively hereby made subject and liable to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales, and Forfeitures respectively to which Coals, Culm, or Cinders burnt from Coals or Culm, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, respecting the Revenue of Customs, as far as the same are or can be made applicable, and except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and allTains, Penalties, Fines, and Forfeitures, of whatever 'Nature or Kind the same may be as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and -five, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and die several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Directions contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act) and are hereby directed and declared to extend £0 and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, by which any Rules, Regulations, Conditions, or Restrictions were made, established, or directed, for the ascertaining the Weight or Quantity, or the Amount of any Duties on any Weight or Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders from Coals or Culm, or for the better securing the Revenue of Customs (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things relating thereto, shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as folly and efRftually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, a« Occasion shall require, to appoint any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, who shall have full Power, and they and each of them are hereby authorized (either in Company with the Officers of His Majesty's Customs, or without) to enter into any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, laden with Coals, Culm, or Cinders, passing or about to pals nearer to London than the said Boundary Stone or Post, so to be affixed as aforesaid; and that every Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons as aforesaid, shall and lawfully may have and exercise ail and every of any of the Powers, and the several Ways and Means of ascertaining the Weights and Quantities of all such Coals, Culm, and Cinders, as any Officer or Officers of His Majesty* Customs have or lawfully may exercise or perform under or by virtue of this Act, as to any Coals, Culm, or Cinders passing or about to pass nearer to London than the said Boundary Stone or Post so to be affixed as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall assault, oppose, molest, hinder, or obstruct, any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons as aforesaid, in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid by this Act, every Person or Persons so offending, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject and liable to the like Punishment, Pains, and Penalties, as by Law may be inflicted in Cases of Misdemeanor by the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted.

Limitations of Actiong, Three Months- — General I flue.- — Treble Costs, §13."

Continuation of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force, for One Year, from the First Day Act. One Year of August One thousand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

Aug. Zj

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. 129. 585

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in

III.

this Session of Parliament.

4, <&oc, oooo 1, 192, 115 14, 500, 000

[l2th July 1805.]

*9

Out of the British Consolidated Fund Surplus of Grants for 1804.

From the following Duties, via.

Additional Customs under 43 G. 3. c. 70.

Additional Duties of Excise ----- c. Si.

Duties on Property - - 1 c. 122.

Excise on Wine - 44 G. 3. c. 49.

Additional Customs - c. 53.

Additional Duties on Property 45 G. 3. c. 15.

IV. The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt Act,

2, coo, oco. — Pensions, See,

1

Granted to matce good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1805.

45 G. 3. r. r.

22, 500, 000. — Loan (deducting 2, 500, 000l. for Ireland)--c. 12.

r.74.

Appropriated to the.Uses after expressed.

(See $ 6 — 18. but fee §8, 13. 04 to Ireland.)

45 G. 3. c. 12.I Appropriated to Uses

- c. 40. > as after expressed. See

- c. 74.J §8, 9, 13, 19, 22.

JT. 2, 886, coo 0 0

2, 964, 000 0 0

4, 680, cco 0 0

390, 000 0 0

1, 004, 940 6 9

*>553*690 0 0

975, 000 0 0

525, 000 0 0

57>oco 0 0

VII. 3, 500, 000 0 0

r*7

per Month, '< 1 18 oVFor 13 Lunar Months.

I a O O t

I

o 5 o

For the Year 1805.

For the Service of Great Britain

Lottery (deducting one-third for Ireland)

1, 192, 115l. 19l. it±d. — Surplus of Grants. (See ante, $2.)

14, 500, 000l. — From Duties. (See ante, j 3.)

8, oco, oco/. — Exchequer Bills, - c. 118.

2, 500, 00c /. — Ditto - - c. 119.

1^500, 000l. — Ditto -.- — r. 120.

4, 000, 000l.-Out of Consolidated Fund. (See §1.)

V. The following Sums, viz.

2, 500, 00c/. — (Share of Loan) under 1, 500, 000l.- Annuities Lottery -

VI. Application, viz,

15, °35, 630l. 6l. 9d. for the Naval Services following, viz.

Wages for 120, 000 Men, ")

"r"* >*m».

Wear and Tear of Ships [

Ordnance - - J

Ordinary of the Navy (including Half-pay)

Building, rebuilding, and repairing Ships, Extra Hire ol Transports -

Prisoners of War in Health Ditto Sick -

fOut of all or any of < the Aids or Supplies aforesaid.

u To enable His Majesty to enter into such Engagements, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of " Affairs may require."

VIII. 18, 581, 127, Q 4^ For the Land Services following, viz.

7 For 135, 121 Effective Men in Great Britain and Ireland'

7 For Forces in the Plantations, including Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, Ceylon, and New South Wales 18 4 East India recruiting Parties, Four Troops of Dragoons,

and 15 Companies of Foot in Great Britain

7 8 On account of Recruiting and > In Great Britain and Contingencies for Land Forces j Foreign Stations

3 2 For General, Staff, and Hospital)In Great Britain and

Officers - - \ Ireland

10 7 For the Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland

6 2 Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland -

00 For Cloathing Militia in Great Britain 6 8 Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers

8 10 Principal Officers of several Publick Departments, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and

Exchequer Fees, by Pay master General in Great Britain and Ireland -

476, 699 5 O Increased Rates to Innkeepers (See 44 G. 3. c 38.)

Lodging-Money in Scotland, Small Beer, and Allowance on March in Ireland -

45 Geo. III., 4F

II

18, 581, 127.9 4, 635, 188.17 1, 424, 920

25, 410

175, 866

288, 858

2, 176, 326

65, 692

198, 793

34*469

191, 838

25th

1804,

From December to:

24th December 1805$ (both incliriive.)

C. I 2Q«

w ynt

tontinued

d.

11

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

5*665 8 , 6 50, 000 o o

I, COO O O

*49, 397 n 4

8SM50

20, 522

5

4

10

45° GEORGII III.

On account of Half-pay to reduced Officer* of Land^ Forces and Marines -

For Military Allowance* to reduced Officer* of Land Forces - - -'-

Half-pay and Allowances to reduced Officer* of British American Force* -

On account of Officers late in the Service of the State* General -

Chelsea and Ktlmainham Hospitals, In and Out Pensioners, ' and Expences of the Hospitals Widows' Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service

A.D. 1805.

For the Tear 1805.

25th

From

December

to

1804,

1, 642, 460 II*, 600, 000

o o

General Hospital Expence^ for Ireland, and Military !*

Infirmary in Dublin -.-.7 J _ (both »nclulive.)

Barrack Department in Great Britain and Ireland,

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland

1, 002 1

660, 803 15

o o

3, 000, 000

600, 000

3.163, 416

19°.344

503.234

129, 230

3

o

o

6

4

10

5

For Military Allowances in Ireland\ formerly paid out of the Military Contingencies -

Army Extraordinaries not provided for

Army Extraordinaries in Great Britain Ditto in Ireland -

For the Year 1805. From 25 th Dec. 1804, to 24th Dee. 1805, (both inclusive.)

For the Year 1805.

From 25th Dec. 1803, ' to 24th Dec. 1804.

For the Year 1805.

470, 769 4 7

2.500.000 o o 8, 000, 000 o o

1.500.000 o o 800, coo o o

8, 79i 4 4

5, 611 16 10

Civil Establishments, vi %

Upper Canada.

For Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain For 1^05.

Ditto - not provided for in 1803.

Ditto Ditto Ditto 1804.

For Ordnance Service for Ireland - - } pQr

To replace that Sum advanced by Irish Exchequer j 0*For Ordnance in Ireland for 1805.

To Discharge outstanding Exchequer Bills under 44 (?. 3.

Ditto under -

Ditto v under ----- c. 46.

Ditto (Irish) Treasury Bills - - due in 1805.

c 81. r 45.

To make good Money issued by Addresses of tht House of Commons.

XVII.

*>379 6 3

7, 165 0 0

4, 65° 0 0

3, 100 0 0

*>040 0 0

2, 136 12 10

33>4 5* 6 1

>3»3'5 6 4

414, 000 0 0

*35, 7*1 12 0

53.719 1 11

20, 000 0 0

12, 000 0 0

29, 000 0 0

10, 476 1 0

1, 828 5 4

20, 000 0 0

175, 000 0 0

7, 620 0 0

2, OCO 0 0

3, 000 0 o*

8, 000 .11, 380 0 0

0 0

15, oco 0 0

1, 839 4 5

9, 6857 0

Nova Scotia.

Neva Brunswtch.

Prince Edward*8 Island. Cape Breton. Newfoundland.

4>438

580

600

9, 225

14, 000

18, coo

12

o

o

12

O

o

From January I, to December 31, 1805

Bahama IHandf. Bermuda9 % Isles. Dominica.

New South Wales. Sierra Leone.

Forts in Africa.

For the Year 1805.

Sums awarded to be paid by the Commissioners on Article 7 of American Treaty* French Clergy, &c. Toulonefe and Corsican Emigrants, and S American Loyalists - - - /

Expence of Gonvi&s at Home - - - > ]

Law Charges - - - L

Public Office in Bow-Street - - - J

Printing and Stationary for the Two Houses of Parliament.

For Dissenting Ministers and French Refugees - - pQr^ywr xg0

to'. The Year 1805.

Ministers of the Vaudois Churches Bills drawn and to be drawn from New South Waifs, and become due in the Course of -

Secret Services

Superintendance of Aliens, 43 G. 3. c. 155. Prosecutions, &c, relating to the Coin

British Museum

For Contingencies for the Secretaries of State For Messengers for Ditto For the Usher of the Court of Exchequer For a House for the Judge Advocate General*

- For the Year 1805* j- In 1805.

: }

For 1805.

A.D. 1805.

£. s. d. [$ XVII. i if60a o o

continued.] $, 090 16 3

45° GEORGII III.

C. 124. 587

260 O

1, 060 IO

500 o 2, 698 6

219 6 0

649 8 0

559 19 6

1, 428 3

7* 16 6

2 33 12 0

416*4

4>9°5 4

8.731 18 6

547 7 6

ll6 19 O

2, 693 15 0

3 °5 n 4

1, 060 16 0

435 0 0

213*7

1723 0

1, 059 2 0

3, 049, 4885 3 1 6*

10, 458

3.708 l8 11

8, 301 3

305 0 a

5, 210 0 0

753 18 0

20, 000 0 0

2C, GOO 0 0

3 >3 9* 4 0

23, 000 0 0

1, 50° 0 0

3»oco O Gfr

4>4*7 12 IO

20, 000 0 0

4, 000 0 0

2, 000 O O

5, 000 O O

1, 000, 000 O O

20, 000 O O

10, 589 10 5

1, 851 3 10

1, 431 11

6, 000 0 0

3, 000 0 0

*35 6 0

1, 271 2 0

3H 16 0

310 7 <4

2, 801910

9 6

535 3

5, cco 0 0

3

O

c

iS

*5

i

a>

1$

e

o

H

Sheriffs for Convictions of Felons - - For 1805.

-B. Coble, Esq. for additional Allowance to Clerks ini For Three-quarters of a Auditor's Office - J Year, to5th Jan. 1805#

Expences of the Mailt and Barley Committees House of Lords.

Expences under Navy Abuse Act.

Thomas Pooler Esq. abstracting, &c. Poor Returns.

For Lord Walsingham as Chairman of the Committees of the Lords in Sessions, 1803-4.

J. Clementson, Esq. in lieu of Apartments.

Thames Police Office.

To Thomas Brodte, Esq. for making an Index to Journals of the House of Lords.

To Thomas Evance, Esq. for continuing Journals of ditto to July 1, 180U To William Chinnery, Esq. for Stationary for New South Wales.

1 To Ditto for Mathematical Instruments for Ditto.

For Expences at the Parliament Office.

Arrears of Civil List Establishment New Brunswick.

To Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge remitted for the Synods of Ulster and Munjler.

For Attendance of Dr. T. B. Clarlte relating to Act for enforcing Residence of the Clergy,

For Representatives of Dr. D. P. Layard, relative to Distemper among Horned Cattle.

For Bills drawn from New South Wales, due in 18555.

Deficiency of Grant for Office in Bow-Street, for ^804.

To Sir Richard Ford for a Plan of a Horse Patrol round the Metropolis.

For Publishing Weekly Returns of Brown Sugar to October I, 1804. Deficiency of Grant of last Session for Disbursement of Serjeant at Arms#

For Framed Room for New South Wales.

For British Subjects detained in France.

To complete 000, coo out of Consolidated Fund - - For 1804.

Deficiency of Grant for Arrears of Civil List in January 5, 1804.

Deficiency of Grant for Printing and Stationary for Parliament for 1804.

Printing Papers respecting the Mahratta War, and Poor Returns.

Deficiency of Votes for Officers of both Houses of Parliament in 1804.

For Ditto for 1805.

For completing Printing 57th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons. Printing Journals of the House of Commons, Votes, Bills, £fc. during the present Session.

Reprinting Journals, Indexes, Reports, £5fr. of the House of Commons.

Purchase of Ground and Buildings in St. Margaret9/-Street and Palace-Tard.

To the Proprietors of the Crinan Canal.

ES7JH5L.

Purchase of Ground, &c. for erecting a Court House for Westminster.

For purchasing the Collc6tion of Sculptured Marbles, £s*. of the late C. Townley, Esq. (See as G.t 3. /. 127.)

For Cleansing the Harbour of Cat water and Sutton Pooh For Rebuilding Met hit I Pier in the County of Fife*

For making Discoveries in the Interior of Africa.

For the East India Company for Expences incurred.

For a Naval Asylum.

Work done at the Two Houses of Parliament and at the Speaker's, between 24th dpril 1804, and 5th April 1805.

Repairs of King's Bench Prison.

Works at the Marshalsea Prison.

Bridge over the Sprey at Foe ha bars.

r pfeg on passing Public Accounts issued to Bernard Goble, Esq^.

For Models of Arches for Bridges for the Committee of House of Commons.

Contingencies under Navy Abuse Act.

Plan for Security of Shipping in the Port of London.

' Digesting and Abstracting Poor Returns.

Additional Allowance to Clerks in Auditors')For the Year ended the Office - y( 5th Jpril 1805.

Fees on Tallies levied on Aids granted by Parliament.

For Plan of a Horse Patrol round the Metropolis.

Military Roads in North Britain, for 1805.

+ Fa

c > oU

cot

M

ess

o^u.

C. 129

45° GEORGII III.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

A.D. 1805.

10, 000

d.

o

Roads and Bridges in the Highlands.

50, 000 o o Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Westero Sea For Services in Ireland\ vix. as in 44 G. 3. c. no. §20.

For other Services, Wc. in Ireland, vix.

British.

£ /

*3, 076 18

830 15 6, 485 1 9

j- For 1805.

d.

6

6

I I

1, 846 18, 840 o

3 1 —

2, 307

23, 076

T3

18

o -

ioi

6

966 18 7 —

9, 230 15 5 —

25, 000

500

7, 026

2, 000

760

20, 410

2, 500

2-, 000

°47

9, 176

IO, COO

21, 600

Irish.

d.

o o

o

9

o

3

o

o

o

10 3 o

Q

5*5393 — 6, 000 0

9*30 15 5 — 10, 000 o

1, 846 3 1 —

5*533

4.6*5

10;

o

O

o

o

o

3

o

o

2, 000 O

10, 884 14

93 — 6, 000 o

79 — 5, 000 o o

- 22, 500 o o

- 1*691 13 4

- 6, 132 19 8

- 953 8

- 1, 280 o o

- 6, 897 0 -0

- M33 1* 1

- 1*030 x8 6

- 2, 599*0

- 1, 795 0 0

- 400 o o

- 8, 000 o o

- 4, 94* o o

- 22, 621 6 1

For One Year to 5tk January 1806.

For the Year to the 5th January 1806.

J

Civil Buildings -

Printing, A£to 45 G. 3.

Publishing Proclamations, isle in Dub iin Gazette -

Treasury Incidents -

Wicklow Gold Mines Expences of Chief and Under Secretary's Office Apprehending Public Offenders Expences of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Proceedings Pratique in Port of Dublin Non-conforming Ministers of Ireland Dublin Paving Corporation - For 1806.

To the Trustees of the^ Linen and*1 Hempen Manufactures in Ireland % (as*specified in 43 G. 3. c. 162. 21.). I

Towards building a Hall for the RoyaL College of Surgeons in Ireland Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland -

Farming Society in Ireland To Commissioners for widening Streets in Dublin -

For Rebuilding the Parish Church of

St. Andrew 1 Dublin - - For One Year to

Board of First Fruits for building andf January 1806.

rebuilding Churches -

Dublin Foundling Hospital Hibernian Marine Society for Sailors Children in Ireland Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children;

Female Orphan House Society for discountenancing Vice Lock Hospital -

House of Industry

Fever Hospital - - v

Lying-in Hospital

DubSn Penitentiary Commissioners of Charitable Donations Roman Catholic Seminary Steeveim'b Hospital

Society for promoting English Protestant Schools -

For One Year to 5tbc January 1805.

From 5 th Jan. 1805* to ytli Jan* 1806.

Sth

Far One Year to 5th January 1806.

7 Directing Applications of Supplies and Rules for receiving Half-Pay, and Application of Overplus 1 of Sum appropriated to reduced Officers. (As in former A3s-\

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III. — vii. 589

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance offuel of the ensuing A fit as are temporary will he inown [where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lify according to the correspond'wg Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, life. [i. e to the End of the then next Session'] from a Day named in the Ad.

(3) For il Tears, 65*c. from the passing of the Ad.

\c) For 21 Tearjy l?tc. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this Uf not difinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts f to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following.

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Riblick Act, and fhaltbe judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q. P.) Quad Publick Acts, i.e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following.

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justicesr and others."

[xV. B. c. ix. he x. have the Qua(i Publick Clause mentioned in the Note at the Head of the Local and Personal Adsy 43 G. 3.; but this Clause is now discontinued.

Cap. i.

AN Act to continue (r) and amend an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through AJbborney to Hurdloe Housey in the County of Derby.

[22d February 1803.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to indemnify ad Persona employed in the Dispofa! of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London^ who have incurred Penalties under certain Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Marked in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositiona in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned.

[2id February 1805.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for repairing several Roach leading to and from the Town of Crewlcmty in the County of Somerset. (a).

[ill March 1805.]

Cap. iv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury, to raise Money to complete the same.

[12th March 1805.]

Cap. v.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging. [f2th March 1805 ]

# [£10, 000; See 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) Cap. xxxiii.

17 G. 3. c. 92.

4* G. 3. cap. cxxxiv.

Cap. vi*

An Act to enlarge the Term (b) and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty* 2() g. 2. c. 43. and the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the Eall Side of the Parish of Saint 7 G. 3 c. 105* Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Slreety in the said Parish, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the same in Repair.

[12U1 March 1805.]

Cap vii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinwoody in the Township of Chadderton, to Featherfall, rfi the Township of.Hundersfcld, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (b). 3 [12th March i 80; .']

Cap.

Pjnishment for deti i oying Works,

31 CL l. c. (8. 9G.3.C 73.

34G. 3. c. 139. 37G. 3. c. 166.

20 G. 2. c. 25. 22 G. 2. c. 51. 26 G. 2. c. 89.

O. viii. — xix. 45' GF.ORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Cap. viii.

An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parities of Winter ton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, in the County of Norfolk. [ 12th March I #05.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, ( break down, demolish, or dellroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supportea, maintained, or used for the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending and being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried^and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cauie such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm* or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonbun, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[12th March 1805.]

Cap. x.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothbury and Elf don in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[12th March 1 $0$.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging.

[18th March 1805.]

[Company empowered to raise £Io, oco additional. — See former Acts, 32 Geo. 3. c. 84.: 38 Geo. 3. cap. xxxii. :

and 39, 40 Geo. 3. cap. xxix.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways, or Stone Roads and other Works thereof. [ 18th March 1805.]

[Company empowered to raise £60, 000 additional. — See former Acts, 34 Geo. 3. c. 26.: 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. xxxviii.*

Cap. xiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in Tcefdale, in the County of Durham, (q. P.)

[25 th March 1805.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and Improving the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, (a).

[5th April 1805.]

[Former Alls 3 Geo. 3. c. 31 & 25 Geo. 3. c. 106. repealed.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty-first Year of "His late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengafe to Latcbett's Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the First District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads. [$t\i April i % o$.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing [a) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth; and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads communicating therewith.

[5 th April 18 05. J

Cap. xvii.

An Act for repealing Three Acts, passed in the Twentieth, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stockion-upon-Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnardcastle, in the County of Durham; and for more effectually repairing the said Road. [a).

[5th April 1805.]

Cap xviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, situate in the Counties of Essex and Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Burrell Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon Trust, to (ell the fame; and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Sussex, to be settled to the same UTes as the Estates so fold. (q. P.)

[5th April 1805.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, Qhellington, and Strventon, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.)

[And for making Compenfasion for Tithes.] [5th April 1805.]

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. xx.-rxxiii.

Cap. xx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in the Parish of Asht§n^upon»Mersey, in the County Palatine of Chester. (q. P.)

[5th April 1805.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for regulating the Polico of the City of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts; and for other Purposea relating thereto., £ioth April j8oj.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark, (a). [joth April 1805.]

Cap. xxiii.

Kfi Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fevtntb Year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the same relates to the Assize and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

[1 ith April .1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the ThirtyTear of the Reign of His late 4 ^Majesty King George the Second, intituled, 'An Act for the due making of Bread\ and to regulate the Price and9Ajjtxe thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Br % ead, so far as the same relates to the9Afftxe and making of Bread, to be sold in the City of London and Liberties thereof \ and within the Weekly Bills of 1 Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange: And whereas by reason of the great Increase that9has taken place in the several Articles used in the making and baking of Bread, since the passing of the said Act,

4 it 19 become expedient that the Makers and Bakers of Bread for Sale, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, should receive 4 a greater Allowance for their Charges, Labour, Pains, Livelihood, and Profit, than is given to them by the said Act be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the*Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authgrity of the fame, That, from Time to Time, when and so often as the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, shall set the Assize of Bread, in Execution of the said Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Allowance made to the Baker, when the Assize shall be set from the Average Price of Wheat, shall be Sixteen Shillings per Quarter or Two Shillings per Bushel on Wheat; and when the Assize shall be set from the Average Price of Flour, such Allowance shall be Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per Sack on Flour, being in each Case an Increase of Half an Assize to the Allowance given to the Baker by the said A : t of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, or the Lord Miyor of the said City for the Time being, in settling the said Assize, shall make such Addition by adding One Half an AffiA to each of the Prices specified in the Table annexed to the said last mentioned Act, according to the Rules and Proportions contained in the said Table, as nearly as can be.

II. And whereas an Act was passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, whereby the Price of that Article is materially increased, and $he Bakers will be confidently injured if some further Allowance is not made to them on Account of such additional Duties; be it therefore further enacted, That while such additional Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer, the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, from Time to Time in setting the Assize of Bread, in Execution of the said Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of another Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said Act, and of this present Act, or of either of them, when and so often as they or he shall think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Wheat, shall, immediately before the setting of such Assize, add to what shall, by means of the then last general Return or Account of Wheat, appear to be the then Average Price per Quarter of Wheat, fit for making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Sixpence on Account of the said newt Duties on Salt, so as to increase such Average Price Sixpence per Quarter, and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price or Sum, in all Respects, as if the same were the real Average Price of Wheat; and that from Time to Time, when and so often as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or Lord Mayor, shall, in setting the Assize of Bread, in Execution of the same Two Acts and of this Act, or of either of them, think proper to use or be guided by the Average Price of Flour, they or he shall immediately, before setting such Assize, while such new Duties on Salt shall continue, but no longer, add to what shall, by Means of the then last general Return or Account of Meal and Flour, appear to be the then Average Price per Sack of Flour, fit for the making of Wheaten Bread, the Sum of Five-pence on Account of the said new Duties on Salt, so as to increase such Average Price Five-pence per Sack, and shall then, in setting the Assize of Bread, make use of such increased Average Price or Sum, in all Respects, as if the same were the real Average Price of Flour: Provided always, that the said additional Allowances of Sixpence on the Quarter of Wheat, and Five-pence on the Sack of Flour, by this Act granted, shall be independent of, and in Addition to, the several Sums granted in and by the said Act of the Thirty -eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in ConfkLeration of the neT* Duties then laid upon Salt.

Commencement of the Act, Second Tuesday after the passing, j 3 "

B. — There ts'not any Clause in this Act to declare it Public h; nor is the Quass-publick Clause infer ted,]

Caps

59*

37 G. 3- c. [amending

31 G. 2. c. 29.}

Allowance to B ikert increased*

Additional' Allowance oft Acc ount of the new Duties on Salt under 45 G- 3- c. 14. in addition to that under 3& G. 3* c. 6.

592 C. xxiv — xxxiii. 45° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to enable Robert Bowyer of Pall Pally in the City of Westminster> Esquire, to dispose of his Collectioa of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance.

[1 ith April 1805.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for continuing (c) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne to Reading, in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry. [11th April 1805.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Sutherland, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; for making a Turnpike Road from Portinleik to the Ord; and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into Money. (a).

[1 ith April 1805.]

Cap. xxvii.

2Ci. 3. c. 83. An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 24 G. 3. c. 70. Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Heady in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaftcry and other Roads therein mentioned in the said Counties, and in the County of York.

[11th April 1805.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating, several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for repairing other Roads therein; and for making more effectual the Statute ^abourin the said County. (a)

[17th May 1805.]

[Former Acts 7 Geo. 3. c. ic6. and 14 G. 3. c. 109. repealed.]

4 G. 3. c.

14 G. 3.C. 22.

Cap. xxix.

tiG. 3. c. 82. An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and a'tering the Powers of so much of Two Acts, made in Twelfth 32 G. 3. c. 124. anci Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Ingliflon Bridget by Biggar to Leadhillsy and to the Confines of the County of Lanark; and for making and maintaining a Continuation ^of the said Road from Delphinton to the Confines of the County of Edinburgh.

[17th May 1805 ]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at ArdroJfany in the County of Ayr.

[17th May 1805.]

[The Ardroffan Harbour Company incorporated.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise in ScotUnd.

[17th May 1805.]

C p. xxxii.

An Act forraifing a further Sum of Money*for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith.

[17th May 1805.]*[8o, oocl. See former Adsy 28 G. 3. c. 58. 38 G. J. cap. xix. and.39 G. 3. c. xliv. — See also 45 G. 3. r. 114.3

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers in the County of Carmariheny and County of the Borough of Carmarthen.

[17th May 1805.]

Star. Westm. 1. '

13 Ed. 1. ft. 1.

«.47. and 4

Sut. 13 Ric. 2. 4

ft. 1. c. 19. recited.

t

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Edward the First, intituled, A Penalty for taking of Salmons at certain Times of the Tears whereby it was provided, that the Waters of Humber, Oufey Trent, Doncy Arre9 Dcrwenty Whufey Nidyore, Szuale, Tefey and all other Waters (wherein Salmon be taken within the Kingdom) Should be in Defence for taking Salmon from the Nativity of our Lady unto Saint Martin's Day; which Act was confirmed, and further Provision made relating thereto, by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Richard the Second, intituled, A Confirmation of thirteenth Edward Ftrjly Statute One Chapter Forty-seven, touching taking Salmons: And whereas the Periods limited by the said Acts are not suited to the Fisheries for Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges othenvile Sea Trout, or to the Protection of the Spawn or Fry of Salmon in the River or Water of Towy or Te<wy9 in the County of Carmarthen, and County

A.D. 1805. 45b GEORGII III. xxxiii. — xxxiv. 593

of the Borough of Carmarthen, and also in the Rivers or Waters of 7ivi, Tave, Co win. My (/rim, Gwillt\

Cothy, Gwendraeth Fawr, Gwendraeth Fach, Pibwr, Sawdd, Clydach, Brane Lash, Twrch, Twel/y, Loughor,

Ammon, Dulas, Gwetherich, Cwmdwr, Doithie, Pyfcotdwr, GwemJUod, Gwernlas fSwmnant, Mar left.

Garthgenning, and Conwil, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same are called or known; and aH

other the Rivers or Waters in the said County of Carmarthen, and County of the Borough of Carmarthen j 1 and have been found very prejudicial to the Owners and Proprietors of the Fisheries in such Rivers, and to c the Publick: And whereas it is necessary that Provision rtiould be made for the better Prel'ervation of

Salmon, and the Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Salmon, Salmon Peal, Salmon Kind, Sewen Houses or' Sea Trout, in the said Rivers or Waters, and in the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating

therewith May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the -

respective Owners and Proprietors, and Persons legally entitled, and their respective Agents and Servants, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to fish in the said respective Rivers or Waters, commonly called, Water*in Cir* known, or distinguished by the Names of the Towy or Tewy, in the County of Carmarthen, and in the said man hen shire County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and also in the Tivy, Tave, Cowin, GwiS, Cothy, Gwendraeth Fawr, allowed to take Gwendraeth Fach, Pihwr, Sawdd Clydaeh, Brane Lqfh, Twrch, Twelly, Loughor, Ammon, Dulas, Gwetherich,

Cwmdwr, Doithie, Pyfcotdwr, Gwemfleod, Gwenlas Dwmnant, Marless, Gartbgenning, and Conwill, or by at certain*whatsoever other Name or Names the same are called or known, and in all or any other Rivers in the said Times.

County of Carmarthen, and County of the Borough of Carmarthen, or in any of the Streams of Water communicating therewith respectively, at any Time or Times in the Year, after the passing of this Act, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and five, and in every subsequent Year between the First Day of April and the First Day of November, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill, or destroy any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges or Sea Trout, and to offer to Sale any of such Fish to taken between the said last mentioned Periods; and that all such Fish so taken within the said respective Rivers and Waters, and within the respective Periods aforesaid, shall be deemed and considerted to be in Season, and proper to be killed 5 the said recited Acts, or either of them, or any other Act or Acts,

Law, Statute, Ordinance, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall at any Time hereafter, pursue, take, Penalty for kill, or destroy; or seek or endeavour t6 take, kill, or destroy, pursue, hurt, or injure any such Fish, by Means taking Salmon of any Weapon called a Spear, or by laying or using any hot Lime or Filth, or by Means of any Fire or i*leSa, y of} Light, or white Object, nor Uy or draw any Kind of Net, Engine, or Device, or wilfully do or commit, or ^be^ear.*111*3 cause to be done or committed, any Ad whatsoever (except angling or fithine with Rods, Hooks, or Lines) in the said Rivers, or any of them, or any Waters, Rivulets, Streams, Mill Dams, Mill Leads, Sluices,

Cuts, Pools, or Ponds communicating therewith, whereby the Spawn or small Fry of Salmon therein, or any

Kepper or Shedder Salmon, not being in Length Sixteen Inches or more, shall be taken, killed, or destroyed,

or shall hereafter make, ered, or set any Bank, Dam, Hedge, or Stank, Net or Nets, across the said Rivers,

Waters, or Rivulets, of any Part thereof, whereby the Salmon therein may be hindered from passing or going up to spawnf Or the young Fry or young Salmon from going down the said Rivers, Rivulets, or other Waters communicating therewith as aforesaid; nor shall at any Time or Times hereafter fish therein for Salmon with any other Net or Nets than such as is or are allowed by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the Spawn and Fry of Ftfh 5 and no Owner,

Proprietor, Servant, or Agent, or any other Person whomsoever, shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter between the First Day of November, and the First Day of April in any Year, take, kill, or destroy, pursue, hurt, or injure, or attempt Or endeavour by any Art, Means, Contrivance, or Device, of what Kind soever, to seek, take, kill, or destroy, or to pursue, hurt, or injure any Salmon, Salmon Peal, or Salmon Kind, hr any of the Spawn, Brood, or Fry of Salmon, or any Kepper or Shedder Salmon, or any Sewen Bouges or Sea Trout within the said Rivers, or any Waters, Rivulets, Streams, Mill Dams, Mill Leads*

Sluices, Cuts, Pools, or Ponds communicating therewith, or offer to Sale or dispose, or buy or pure^afe, any Fish, Spawn, Brood, or Fry so taken in the said Rivers, or any Waters, Rivulets, Streams, Mill Dams,

Mill Leads, Sluices, Cuts, Pools, or Ponds aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every such First Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, and for every Second and subsequent Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Mayor, or Justiofc x>r Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders fhailbe convicted, as hefein-after mentioned, together with the Fish, Spawn, Brood, or Fry so taken, and all the Nets, Weapons, Lines, Instruments, Boats, Xoracles,

Devices, or Things, used in the taking thereof, or in the committing of any Offence against the Provisiona*

*of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Recovery of Penalties before the Mayor or any Justice -of the Borough of Carmarthen, for Offences conr Ht mitted within the Borough, &c. and for other Offences before a Justice of Peace of thfe County. $ 3. — Form " of Conviction. §4* — Appeal to Sessions. $ 5. — Defraying Charges of the Act. $ 6. — f

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for the making, repairings lighting, watching, and watering certain Roads from "the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehause Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stand*

; and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame. (£) f 17th May 1805.]

[Former AS 24 G. 3*-c. 67. repoaltd.}

45 Geo. III. 4 G

C. xxxv. — xlv.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

32 G. 2. c. 53. 7 O- 3- c. 79.

2 O. 3. c. 54. 24 G. 3. c. 28.

2 G. 3. c. 49.4 G. 3. c. 30.

43 G. 3. c. 80.

[S" 41 G. 3. (C7.iT.) c. Ivi.J

42 G. 3. cap. xci.

41 O. 3-(U K.) c. xxxii.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for continuing (3) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the T^hirty-second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham.

[17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to continue (r) and amend Two Acts, pa.Ted in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the End of the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Town*e End\ and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town's Ends in the County of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton [17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to enlarge (c) the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon, to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Ever ley, in the County of Wilts.

[17th May 1805.]

# Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for enabling Thomas Barrow Esquire, and the Person and Persons for the Time being respectiv ely entitled to the Freehold in Possession of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, under the Will of William Barrow, deceased, to grant and convey the same Moiety

in Fee Simple for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join with the Owner or Owners for the Time being, of the other Moiety thereof in making such Grants and Conveyances, or Leases respectively. (q. P.)

[17th May 1805.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Fri % ington, in the Parish of Arlecdony in the County of Cumberland, (q. P.)

[x7tk May 1805.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for afiefling the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ro/s9 and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Naim as lie in the said County of Rofsy towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland., [5th June 1805.]

[A3 to continue for 15 Years.]

Cap. xli.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Part of His Majesty's Allotment of the difilforested Forest or Chase of Necdwood, in the County of Stafford) for the Erection of a Church, and the Endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church.

[5th June 1805.]

[Right of Patronage vejled in His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster. §10.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kir.gston-upon-Htrll.

[5th June 1805.]

[Dock Company empowered to raise Money by Sale of 30 New Shares.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of Hi? present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Bet hell Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Lcmen Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for building a Netv Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavony in the Parish of Lanoverf in the County of Monmouth.

[5th June 1805.]

[Right of Patronage vested in Thomas Hill of Denis in S afford shire, and Samuel Hopkins of Blaenavon, Iron Masters and Copartners t (by whom the Church was built and endowed) and their Heirs and Ajsigns.]

Cap.

e

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. xlvi. — lvi

595

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regalating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County'(/»).

[5th June 1805.]

Cnp. xlvii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth9g. 3. and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, is G. 3 in the County of Norfolk.

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act to continue (3) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and 2 G. 3. Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Loffwithiel Turnpike Road* 3 through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehome, and from Dennis Water to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Tretbim Mill, in the County of Cornwall.

[5th- June 1805 ]

Cap. xlix,

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and another Road therein mentioned (a).

[5th June 1805.]

[Acts 4 G. 3. c. 84. & 25 G. 3. c. iij. repealed as to the First Dislrid therein mentioned* See also cap. lxxvii.

of this Session.]

Cap. 1.

An Act to revive, continue, and enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty- 17 G. 3 seventh and Twenty-ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for 29 G-: repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of 1 G* 3 Hinckley in the County of Leicester to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate in the City of Coventry.

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. li.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and Charleville, to the City of Cork (a).

[5th June 1805.]

[Irish Acts 5 G. 2. c. 22. 19 G. 2* c. 19. 28 G. 3. c. 2§. IA 30 G. 3. c. 47. repealed ms to the Roads under this Act.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny (*). [cth June 18^5.]

[Irish AGs 5 G. 2. s. 18.9G. 2. c^i\. and 3 G. 3. c. 32. repealed as to Roads under this AG.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in and near Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached Farts of the settled Estates of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk in Trustees, upon Trust to fell; and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain of and Customary Lands, Parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Sussex, other Parts of the said Yettled Estates; and for layiag out the Monies arising from such Sales and Enfranchisements in the Purchase of more convenient Estates) and £or other Purposes therein mentioned (q. P.)

[5th June 1805.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates comprized in the Settlements executed on the Marriages of Ebxabcth afterwards the Wife of John Earl of j\[hburnham, and Theodofta, afterwards the Wife of Charles Boone Esquire, in new Trustees (q. P.)

[jth June 1805.]

Cap lv.

An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir John Buchanan Baronet, in the County of Northumberland, for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham (q. P.)

[5th June805.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh 27 G. 3 Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick-upon-Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie Causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick.

[27th June 1805.]

1 4 G a'Chp.

c. 66.

c. 76.

c. 46.

c. 27.

C. 42.

c. 66. c. 6$.

I- c. 89.

{j

S9«

1« O. 3. c. 143.

39*G. 3.

c, Ujj.

44 O.*c. 100.

Goods landed under the Provisions of that Ait shall be subjtd to a Lien for Freight.

C. lvii.-Ix. 4S* GEORGII m. A.D. 1805.

Cap. Wi.

An Act for continuing (3) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty* sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lone after, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[27th June 1805.]

Cup. lviii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping*. Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of I^ondon, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[27th June 1805.]

4* General Courts may be held Half-yearly within the First 20 Days of January and July, §1. — a (See 39, 40 G. f. c. 47. §10 ) — Time for making Purchases, extended to 2 Years beyond the 5 Years 4' under §32 of recited Act, §2. — Time for completing the Docks extended for 5 Years beyond the 7 Years " under §54 of recited Act, §3. — Power for making Compensation under recited Act, and Act 44 G. 3. 44 c. ico. extended to the Vintners Company, §4. — Dock Company authorized to augment their Capital 41 Stock, by a further Sum of 500, 0001. §5. &c. — 40 G. 3. c 47. §83. as to removing Combustibles, repealed, 41 and other Provisions made, §12, 13. — For preventing the Obstruction of the Dock Entrances, §14."

XV. And whereas it is, in and by an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks*made under an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts*, ana other 4< Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of 4< London, and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks, " cnaftedj That if any Goods or Merchandize should be brought into the said Dock on board of any Ship or Vessel which should not be duly entered with the Customs and Excise respectively, within Seven Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the said Good* 4 or Merchandize should have been reported at the Custom House, then and in' every such Case it should be lawful for such Officer or Officers of the Company, as should be appointed for that Purpose by the Directors thereof, 4 on the next ensuing Day, not being a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving, to cause such Goods or Merchandize to be forthwith landed and warehoused in the Presence and under the joint Locks of the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, who are thereby authorized and directed to take a true and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality, and Species thereof; and in case the Duties on such Goods and Merchandize should not be paid and discharged within Thirty Days next after such Report as aforesaid, it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs or the proper Officer of Excise, and they were thereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods or Merchandize, or any Part thereof,

to answer and satisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of any Rates, Charges, or Expences due to the said Company, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods or Merchandize; 9 be it further enacted, That all such-Goods or Merchandize so landed and warehoused under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, shall, when so landed and warehoused, continue and be subject and liable to such and the same Lien for Freight, in favour* of the Masterand Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Vessels from or out of which nich Goods or Merchandize shall be so landed and warehoused, as such Goods or Merchandizes respectively were subject and Fable to whilst the same were on board such Ships or Vessels, and before the Landing thereof; and the Directors of the said Company or their Servants or Agents shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, upon due Notice in that Behalf given to them by such Master or Masters or Owner or Owners, to detain and keep the said Goods and Merchandizes upon the Qnays or Wharfs, or in the Warehouses of the said Company, until the respective Freights to which the same shall be subject and liable as aforesaid shall be. duly paid or satisfied, together with the Rates and Charges to which the same shall have become subject and liable.

41 Power to purchase Allen's Brewery, §16. &c. — Powers of former Act* extended to this Act, §18. — For defraying Expences of the Act, $ r9- — Publick Act, §20."

Cap. lix.

An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in- the County* Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Sum of Money to be paid by Way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the said Hundred: [27th June 2805.}

\The Chairman to he a Barrister, and the Salary 4©©i. a Tear.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Township oP Child wall, Great Woof ton, and Little Woohon, in the Parish of Ckildwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (<j. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII

C. Ixu 597

ll Q. 1. c. Ji.

Cap. lxi.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Minor of Cajilelon, in the County of Derby; and for extending the Powers of the said Courts.

[27th June 1805.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

Y V the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings in Personal AQions in the refbetivoe Courts

Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Castleton, in the Counts of Derby; And whereas the King's most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is seised to Him, His Heirs and Successors, of and in the Hundred and Liberty of High Peak and Manor of CaJHetony and of the Jurisdictioni

of the Two several Court* Baron within and appertaining to the said Hundred and Manor respectively;

And whereas from Time immemorial Plea hath been held every Three Weeks, or so often as requisite, in all Personal Actions arising within the Jurisdictions of the said several Courts Baron, where the Debt or Damage hath been under the Sum of Forty Shillings: And whereas under the Power* and Directions of the, said recited Act, Justice hath in the most strict and impartial Manner from Time to Time been administered in the said several Courts Baron, to the great Benefit of the Inhabitants within the Jurisdiction of the same respectively: And whereas the Jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor is very extensive, and comprise*

4 a very populous manufacturing and increasing District in the County of Derby; and the Town of Derby,

where the superior Courts for the County are holden, is upwards ot Forty Miles distant from the most

populous Part of the said Hundred and Manor 2 And whereas on Account of the very great Expence attending the Recovery of small Debts of the Amount of Forty Shillings and upwards* in the superior Courts, many

Creditors art discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them, and many evil-disposed Persons,

who have contrafted such fm*ll Debts within the Jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor respectively,

are enabled to* refuse and delay, and do frequently refuse and delay the Payment thereof, ro the manifest Injury of their just and lawful Creditors; and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitant*

within the said Hundred and Manor respectively, if the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act were extended to the Recovery of Debts and Damages of a larger Amount than Forty Shillings, and also if the said Act were explained and amended and further Powers granted: May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several Courts Baron of the said Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cafileton respectively, and the Stewards and Deputy Stewards thereof for the Time being, to proceed and hold Plea within the Jurisdiction Power of diw of the said respective Courts, not only in any Plaint, Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding

the Sum of Forty Shillings, but also in any Plaint, Suit, or Action, for any Debt or Damages not exceeding piye the Sum of Five Pounds, which hath accrued, or shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter arile or accrue within the Jurisdiction of the same Courts respectively, and to proceed in every such Plaint, Suit, or Action, in the same or the like Manner and Form, and with and under such or the like Powers, Authorities, Rule6,

Regulations, Orders, and Directions as are authorized and directed, or have or might have been heretofore ufea or exercised in any Plaint, Suit, or Action for any Debt or Damages within the Jurisdiction of the said Courts respectively, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained shall Court* shall not extend or be conftmed to extend so as to enable the said Courts, or either of them, to determine the Right or rietcimine any Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or causewhere decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels real whatsoever shall be brought or come into Question, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, s>r any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or bfrconftrued to extend to Term of authorize (except in the Cases herein after mentioned) the Imprisonment of any Person or Persons being a Imprisonment Debtor or Debtors, Defendant or Defendants, who shall be committed by the said respective Courts, or either

of them, for any longer Space of Time from the Time of his* her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein after limited; that is to say: Where the Debt, exclusive of Cods, does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for more than Twenty Days*where the Debt doe* not exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings, for more than Forty Days; where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Three Pounds, for more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt does not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, for more than One hundred Days r Provided also, that all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Frocefii issued from or out of the said Courts respectively, and who, at the Time of being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall nave more than One Execution against him, her, or them in the same Court, shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each Execution*any Law, Statute* or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

IV. And, in order the more effectussy to prevent Persons summoned for Debts to the said Courts, or either Debtor* found

4 of them, from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods be it further enacted, That in case

upon the Summons of any Person for atay Debt or Debts before the said Courts, or either of them. Information Concealment of of ahy such Practice shall be given, such Court and Coujts shall have Power to hear Evidence as to such Effca« fraudulent Concealment, and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction upon the Oath of One or more may be Wkoefi or Witnesses (which Oath-the find Court or Courts is and are hereby empowered to administer) that any imprisoned for

v9/ r such 1 hn*erT<w*

the Titls to the Land is brought into question.

59^ C.lxi. — lxiv.

45° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Defects jiot liaMr to pay Gaol Fee*.

Procef* shall not issue against tuc Person and Clouds of the same PeKom. Notice of Poceedings agaiuit Officers.

limitation of Anions.

General I flue. Warrant or Piecepr of Court Evidence of their Authority.

Treble Cuff 9.

6cy>coh

3, G.3-tup. lxix ana fee 4 $ G 3. cap. cxxiv.

4G. 3 c. 65. 14G. 3. c. 114.

such Debtor has Money or Goods which he or she has wilfully and fraudulently concealed, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts, or either of them, to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment for all Debts under Twenty Shillings to any Time not exceeding Thirty Days $ and for Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings to any Time not exceeding Sixty Days; and for Debts not exceeding Three Pounds to any Time not exceeding Eighty Days; and for Debts not exceeding Five Pounds to any Time not exceeding One hundred and twenty Days, which said Circumstance or Ground' for further Detention shall be specified on the said Commitment; and the Depositions of the Wit Defies shall be entered in a Book kept for the Purpose by the Clerk of the said respective Courts.

V. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Imprisonment, bedischarged and set at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward, or other Gratuity whatsoever, to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or others, by way of Gaol Fees, or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever $ and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys-of the said Gaol, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons io committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby to hear and determine every such OfFence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of any such Offence having been committed (in case such Information shall be exliibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed) to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast; and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence for .such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid, and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture and the Costs and Charges of such Distress anil Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Corr^ftion for the County of Derby, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged 5 and the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture, when paid or icceived, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Courts, or either of them, to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, in any Case or Cases where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgement, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, or on Account of any Order, Determination, Judgement, or Decree of the said Courts respectively, until Fourteen Days Notice shall be given thereof in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Steward or Deputy Steward of the said respective Courts, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Caiife of Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue. and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence 5 and that the Warrant or Precept under the respective Hands and Seals of the respective Stewards of the said Courts, or their respective Deputies, being duly proved in any Action or Suit, shall be deemed sufficient Proof of the Authority of the said Courts, and of all other Proceedings therein respectively, previously to the issuing of such Warrant or Precept; and in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not duly prosecute the fame, or shall have a Verdict pass against him, her, or them, or shall be non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, the Defendant or Defendants shall in any of the said Cases be entitled to and be allowed to recover Treble Costs of Suit.

4i Powers and Provisions of former Act extended to this Act, f 8. — Publick Act, §9."

/ Cap. lxii.

An Act for improving the Passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester at the Rock Ferry, on the RiVer .Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the feme.

[27th June805.)

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money* out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An jl3 for rendering more commodious, and for belter regulating the Port of London.

[27 th June 180C.I

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for enlarging^) the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the North End of the Town of Rotherham, to the East Sidd of TankerJJey Park, in the County of York.[27th June 1805.]

1 Cap.

45° GEORGII III.

C. lxv.-lxxv.

599

Cap. lxv.

An Act to enable the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon Tyne, to ered Two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Poet of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the Charge thereof. J - [27 th June 1805.]

u Rates on British Vessels One Halfpenny per Ton; on Foreign Vessels One Penny per Ton, §9."

\ Cap. lxvi.

An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of RedSitch, in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties, of Worcester - and fParvjich* [27th June 1805.]

Cap. IxviL

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof* and in the several Panlhes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset.

[27th June 1 8^5.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand \

Junction Canal.

[27th June 1805.]

[ Company empowered to raise additional Rates of One Farthing per Ton per Mile; and to take certain Tolls for the Faff age of Timber and Stores intended for the Use of Government, — See 43 Geo. 3. c, viii. and References there.]

Cap. brix.

An Act for the better Preservation, and further Improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the See former ABrf

Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex.

[27th June 1805.] 7 G. 3. c. 51.]

L'J J J i$G. 3. c. 5«.

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation for complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

[27th June 1805.]

[Company empowered to raise a further Sum of 2Co, ooool. See 4.3 G. 3. c, xxiii. and References there.\

4

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicejlcrjbirt and Northamptonshire Union Canal to vary the See former Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal. 33 G. 3. c. 9S.

[27th June 1805J

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for [See former Any improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Levels of the Fens called 35 G. 3. c. 77. Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of 36 G. 3. c. 33-! Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a Place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

[27th June 1805."!

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for building a Bridge over that Part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rumney, in the County of MonmoiuE, and the Parish of Roath, in the County of Glamorgan, [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving, several Roads in the County of Glamorgan (a)*

[27th June 1605J

' [Former ABs 4 G. 3. c. 88. and 25 G. 3. c. 122. repealed.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the 3 3 c

Third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the 24 6 3. c, &4I North Side of the Town of I'otnes, towards Ashburton, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a Place called Emmett, across the River Dart, [27th dune 1805.]

Cap.

C. lxxiv.-4xxxv

45 GEORGII

III

A.D. 180 c

Cap. lxxvi.

3- c. 80. An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and'* c* Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High

' Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of GoJbertowny to

the fiighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft in the County of Lincoln» 1*7*1* June xSoy.j

Cap. lxxvii*

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Boroitgh of Leicester the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

[27th June 1805.]

[Former Acts 4 G. 3. c. 84.: 25 G. 3. c. 113. repealed as to District under this Act* — See also cap. xlix. of this

Sejfon.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for shore effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Wdford Bgidgey in the County of Northampton* to Milflon Lane, in the Town of Leicester.)[27th June 1805.]

[Former Acts 5 G. 3. c. 78. and 26 G* 3. s. 148. repealed.]

Cap. lxxix*.

x.e* 49* An Act For enlarging (i) the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His ljite ^30. 3-e. 107* Majesty, and in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Markfeld Turapike to the Road leading from Loughborough to jf/bby-de-la-Zouch> in the County of Leicester.

[27th June 1805.]

3

G- V C* j G. 3.C. ioi»

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Lawton, in the County of Chester % to Burslem and NcWcaflU*under-Lymey in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

[27th June 1805 J

Cap. Ixxri.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater, to make Grant* in Fee, or for Years, at referred Rents, of certain Parts of his Trull Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and Chfier* for the Purpose of having Buddings ereCled thereon, ana otherwise improving the same. (q. P.)

[27th June 180J.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford and the Right Honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor. (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Real Estates in Ireland^ of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Of/ory, which have not been sold or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament* .passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty^fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Sale of competent Parts of ibc Real Inflates \>f the Right Honourable John Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourable Walter Butler, commonly called Lord Viscount Thurles, his eldejl Son and Heir Apparent, f of the Payment of Debtsy Charges, and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling such Part and Parts thereof Mishall not be sold for the Purposis aforesaid, and for other Purposes. (q. r.)

[37th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to vest the settled Estates of John Hamilton Fittomaurhcy commonly called Lord Kirkwally in the Counties of Denbigh and Flinty in Trustees, in Trull to be sold for the Payment of Debts affecting the fame, and his other settled Estates; and alter Payment thereof, for the Investment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be conveyed to the Uses of the said settled Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of certain Real Estates and Hereditaments late of George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague deceased $ and laying out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Real Estates. (q« P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III. CMxxxvi. — -xcvi. 601

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant a Building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Surrey, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, to William Clutton and Robert Box ally pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller and James Dupre Esquires5 and also an Exchange between the said Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his settled Estate; and also for vetting Part of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes. (q. P.) [27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Ferryman Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in Discharge of Incumbrances; and for laying out the Residue, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and until such Purchase be made for laying out such Residue in the Purchase of Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for authorizing the Trustees named in the Will of Jane Catherine Keate, Widow, to fell the Messuages and Tenements in Spital Fields, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised, and for investing the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses, and also for authorizing the granting of Building and Repairing Leases until Sale. (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for vesting the Mansion House and Land, called baling Grove, in the County of Middlesex (Part of the Estates deviled by the Will of James Baillie Esquire), in Trustees upon Trust, to sell the same, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will of the said James Baillie, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for dividing, and felling or disposing of, the Common Lands tfnd Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town, and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to

' arise thereby for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Town. (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

# jifter the usual Words of the Quasi-publick Glause are added the Words, " without being specially pleaded "

Cap xcii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Canford, in the County of Dorset, and in the Town and County of the Town of Poole* (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.)

[27th June 1805.]

[dndfor making Compensation for Tythes.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other Places in the Township of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of Fori; and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other Regulations in the said Township.

[2d July 1805.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the First and x G - c. Twenty-second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitecrossy in the Parish of 2l g. j. c. 90. Lsven in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley in the said County.

[2d July 1805.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ltcly in the C ounty of Stafford, (q. P.)

[2d July 1805.]

45 Geo. III. 4 H Cap.

Cap xovii.

Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in- the County of Warwick. (q P.*)

This Clauft has the like Addition as is noticed in Cap xci.

[2d July 1805 J

Cap. xevni.

6 G. a. c. 27. An Act to repeal Two Acts, passed in the Sixth and Thirty-second Years of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Lakage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto.

[10th July 1805.]

Former Acts, 6 Geo 2. c. 29. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 16. repealed. — The foie Right of supplying with Ballad all Ships and Vessels that shall pass and repass in the River Thames between London Bridge and the Main, and of " raising Gravel, Sand, and Soil of the Thames for that Purpose, vested in the Corporation of the Trinity 4t I/oufe, §2. — Penalty of Ten Pounds per Ton on Persons supplying or taking Ballad except for the Corporation, f 2, 3. — King's Ships allowed to take Sea Ballad or any other Ballad, §4. — Land Ballad may " be shipped Eadward of Woolwich, on paying One Penny per Ton to the Corporation. — Ballad Men subject " to Bye Laws to be made by the Corporation, §37. 5cc. — Saving of Rights of the Corporation of the City of London, $41."

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ballad Man or Ballad Men shall wilfully and maliciously attempt and begin to destroy any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, or Boat, or shall wilfully and maliciouJfly cut any Gable riestroying Ships, or ^aw^er> by which any Ship, Vessel, or Lighter, lying in the River Thames, or any Creek thereof, shall at such &c. guiliy of*Time be moored or secured, then and in such Case such Ballad Man or Ballad Men, being lawfully convicted of helony.' the same in due Foriri of Law, dudl be deemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and may be adjudged to be

transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or may be otherwise punished by Fine, and by Imprisonment, not exceeding Two Years, in any Gaol or House 01 Correction in England, at the Pifcretion of the Court before which such Conviction shall take place.

Vi»f jiiy and Vnaliciourty

Cap. xcix.

3* c- xkii. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for letter governing, maintaining, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middle sex; for providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the Rates; asul for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual Provinon for those and other Purposes.

[loth July 1805.)

Cap. c.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, in the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and for repairing the Tower thereof.

[10th July 1805.]

> Till the New Church is erected Banns may be published in the Parish Church of Saint Thomas in the CTffe % ? which shall be as valid as if published in All Saints Church, §17."

Cap. ci.

An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

[loth July 1805.]

WHEREAS the Port of the Town of Ipswich is of great Antiquity, and is capable of being rendered «, more commodious than at present, for carrying on Trade, both foreign and coastwise, by deepening, widening, cleansing, altering, and otherwise improving that Part of the River Orwell, within the Liberties of the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, which is situate in, adjoining to, or abutting upon 4, the several Parishes of Saint Peter, Saint Mary at the Key, Saint Clement, and Saint Mary Stoke, in the said Town «.and Borough of Ipswich, certain Lands Extra-parochial, the Property of Phifip Rowes, Vert Broke Esquire, Vand the Parishes of Wherfead and Freston, in the County of Suffolk, whereby the Port and Town of Ipswich will be greatly benefited, and the Navigation and Commerce of the Kingdom increased: And forasmuch as a 4: very considerable E pence will be incurred by deepening, widening, deanfing, altering, and improving such Part of the said River Orwell, and the preferring and maintaining the same when improved; and as the 1 Inconvenience Ships and Vessels are now exposed to for want of such Alterations and Improvements will be'4 thereby in a great measure removed, it is reasonable that the Sums necessary to defray the same should be paid by Penons trading to and from the said Port of the said Town of Ipswich, and by the Owners and Masters of Ships and Vessels coming and being within the same, and by Persons exporting and importing Goods there; 4 May it therefore please Your Majesty, See.

14 Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of the Act, §1. 8cc. — Empowered to make Bye Laws not repugnant to Laws of the Realm or Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, §5, 6, &c. — Empowered to receive certain " Rates on Vessels (except King's Ships) and on Goods exported or imported, according to Schedules annexed to the Xfts, §14. 6cc. — To appoint Harbour Matters and Dock Masters, $ 38, &c. — To liceofc H Pilots, §54. See. — 1To levy Rates for Pilotage, 6; c. $ 6o*,

Cep.

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. cii. — ex* 603

Cap. cii.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Thitty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadflairs, in the Isle of Thmct, in the County of Kent.

Rates under 32 G. 3. c. 86* repealed and other Rites impo/ed. [loth July 1805.]

Cap. ciii.

An A (El to repeal so much of an Act, 'passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, as relate* to the 32 G. 3. c. 104. building a Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for watching and supplying the said Town with Water, and for granting further Powers for those and other Purposes relating thereto.

[10th July 1805.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the Line of See former Act t* a certain Part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying G' into Execution the several Acts for making the said Canal. [ loth July 1805.]

Cap cv.

An Act for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Tewnships, and Places of Selby, Brayt&n, Thorp Willoughby, Hambleton, Wifow, Scalm Park, Calvood, Sherburnf JLennerton, Rejl Park,

South Milforth, and Barkston Jljb, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[10th i/w/y 1805.]

LVIlt. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall or may, at Perfom any Time or Times hereafter, wilfully and maliciously demolilb, bum, pull down, break, or othcnvife destroy or damagi«*or damage any Bank, Mill, Clough, Floodgate, Drain, or Watercourse, or other Work or Works which shall or deftly*"* ? may at any Time or rJ imes hereafter be made or erected for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, and who to^gUinV0f shall thereof lawfully be convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, Felony, und the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to punish such Person or Persons, in such Manner a* Felon* are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or the Court may and are hereby empowered, if they shall think, fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, to award and impose tuch Fine and Imprisomeat as such Court shall judge expedient.

Cap. cvh

An Act to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Com. [icth July 1805.]

41 Former Irish Acts, 1 G. 2. c. 16.; 29 G. 2. c.n.J 19 G. 3. c. 17.; 13, 14c..?. c. 47.5 17, 18G.3.

*' c. 17.5 15, 16 G. 3. c 22.; 19, 20 G. 3. c. ii.j 2 1, 22 G. 3. c. 29.; 33 G. 3. c. 24. repealed. —

The Ad is formed on the Plan of the British Ad 37 G. 3. c. 98. and the Table of the Price and Assize of M Bread is copied from the Table in the British Ad; with the Addition of the Price-of the Half Quartern Loaf in the Price Table; and the Omission of the Weight* of the Sixpenny, Twelvepenny, and Eighteenpenny Loaf in the Afiixe Table. — 32 Stone Weight of Wheat, &c. to be reckoned equal to a Quarter of Cora of " 8 Bushels

Cap. cvii.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Sheffield and Penifton Turnpike Road in the Township of Wajjley, in the West Riding, of the County of York, to join the Doncaster and Salter's Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of Langs et, in the said West Riding (a).

[10th July 1805.]

Cap. cviii*

An Act for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingstone, in the Countje* of Life and KinYofs, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queensferry Road, in the said County of Fife (b). [ toth July 1805.]

Cap. cix.

An Act to continue (£) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year 130.3. c. 1641 of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newnham, to a Place called Saint White'*, adjoining the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester.

[iGth July 1805.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for confirming Certain fiuilding Leases granted by the Right Honourable Charles Eari Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the Prebend of Cantlowes, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and by the Right Honourable*John Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the Consent of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Prebendal Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, and for rectifying a Mistake in the present Earl's Marriage Settlement relating to those Lands, (q. P.)

[xoth July 1805.]

fr 2 Cap.

6 04

J5<3. 5- e-83-r-

*4 0-3 c-43-

Dcfcnpfion of the inicnded A'Cltway*.

Cap. cxi.

An Act to establish and confirm an'Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Wimbome Saint Giles and Alhallows, in the County of Dorset, and the Right Honourable Anthony Ashley Earl of Shaftesbury, of Part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the Property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors. (q P.)

[loth July 1805.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to, and devised by the Will of Sir Joseph Mawbey Baronet, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in the Discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[10th July 1805.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Leafey with Powers of Renewal\ of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon, (q P.)

[loth JWy 1805.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ettate of Sir John Legard Baronet in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sums required by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q P)[ icth July 1805.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for'confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Walworth, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessees Henry Penton Esquire and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon Esquires, contrary to the Provisions of an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for establishing E changes of Three Small Pieces of Freehold and Leasehold Lands- between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samuel Brandon9 and the Trustees under the Will of the said Thomas Bran den. deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the Time being of their Estates in Walworth, to grant Building Leases of Parts of the said Premises, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[icth Ja/y 1805 ]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for confirming and establishing the Award and Decree made and passed on the Division and Inclosure of Lands in the Township of Hutton*s Ambo % in the North Riding of the County of York. (q P.)

[loth July 1805.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames from the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey9to the opposite Side of the said River in the County of Middlesex.[\ 2th July 1805.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of an Archway or Archways of a convenient Breadth for the

Passage of Cattle and Carriages, or of Foot Passengers only, under the River 7'hanes, from some Part or Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to some Part or Parts of the several Parishes of Saint Dunstan*s Stebonheath otherwise Stebonhythe9 commonly called Saint Dun fan's Stepney9Saint Ann*s Limehouse, Saint PauPs'Shadwell otherwise Chad's Well, Saint John of Wapping, and S int George, in

the County of Middlesex. or of some or One of them, in such Manner that an uninterrupted Land f Communication might be opened between the opposite Shores of the Counties of Surrey and M\ddlesex9

would be attended not only with great Advantage to those particular Counties, but would also be of great

National Advantage as a Military Road or Pass; but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, &c 4t The Thames Archway Company incorporated, §1. — Empowered to nife 140, 0001. for making the Archway or Archways, by Shares off 100l. each, ^2. &c. — And 6o, oon?, more if necessary, §5. — Powers for chopfing Directors, $11. &c."

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to form an Archway or Archways from or near to the ancient Horse Ferry Landing in the Parish of Saint Anne Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex, underneath the River 7hdmes9 to or near to the opposite Landing Place known by the Name of The Horse Ferry in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe9 in the County of Surrey, underneath the said Landing Place and the Road leading thereto, underneath Rotherhithe Street9 underneath Lavender Lane9 and from thence to open out and carry forward a Carriage Road and Path Way, passing to the Eastward of the Grand Surrey Canal, until the said Road and Path Way torm a Junction with the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherhithe to Greenland Dock; also, by Means of a Branch on the West Side,

A.D. 1805. 450 GEORGII III. cxvii, 605

to form a Communication betwixt the said Road and Rotherhithe Street 5 and also on the North Side of the said River Thames to extend the said Archway or Archways underneath the aforesaid ancient Horse Ferry Landing and the Road leading thereto, underneath Narrow Street, underneath Queen Street, across Rose Lane, and to branch off a Road and Pathway therefrom on the South Side of the Commerci I Road; and the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to'form an Archway or Archways from or near to Wapping New Stairs, in the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the said County of Middlesexunderneath the said River Thames to or near to Rotherhithe Stairs, and to extend the same underneath the said Rotherhithe Stairs, underneath Rotherhithe Street, underneath Love Lane, underneath Paradise Street, underneath Lucas Street, underneath a Street called Paradise Row, and to form a Branch Road and Path Way therefrom to the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherhithe to Deptford, at or near to Rotherhithe Worhhouse; and also to form a West Branch from the said Archway or Archways across the Mill Pond, which shall terminate near to Mill Pond Street; and also on the North Side of the said River Thames, to extend the said Archway or Archways underneath Wapping New Stairs and the Passage leading thereto, underneath Wapping Street, underneath Part of Red Lion Street, underneath Queen7s Head Alley, underneath Green Bank, and to form a Road and Pathway therefrom in Anchor and Hope Alley, and in Meeting House Alley, and in Johnston Street, or to terminate one or more of the said.respective Archway or Archways, Roads or Pathways, in any Situation upon or near to the said Line or Lines,

" Company empowered to make Purchases and carry on the Works, §27. &c. — All Purchases must be made u within 7 Years, § iy. — Every Shaft connected Avith the Archway shall be raised above the Level of the " highest Tide before forming any Drain or Work under the Thames, f 46. — Company empowered to take " Tolls, §55, See."

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whosoever shall have free Liberty p., {r.»ge to be to pass through the said Archway or Archways, and to lead, drive, draw, carry, or take through the same free to all any Horses, Cows, Oxen, Sheep, Swine, or other Beads, Birds, Coaches, Chaises, Waggons, Wains. Carts, Pl rfon* on or other Carriages what foe ver, in case such Archway or Archways shall have been made and opened for the XouTd u!i°/ Passage of Hones, Cattle, Beastg, and Carriages, upon Payment of such Tolls as shall be demanded by the said certain Ujuis. Cqmpany, not exceeding the respective Sums herein-mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company, by virtue of the Powers herein granted 5 provided that no Person or Persons shall. with or without any Horses, Cows, Oxen, Sheep. Swine, or other Beads, Birds, Coaches, Chaises, Waggons. Wains, Carts, or other Carriages, without the Consent of the said Company, or their Directors, pass through the said Archway or Archways, at any other Times than between the Hours of Seven of the Clock in the Morning and Five of the Clock in the Evening, during the Months of November, December, January, and February, between the Hours of Five of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock in the Evening, during the Months of May, April, September, and October, and between the Hours of Four of the Clock in the Morning and Nine of the Clock in the Evening, during the Months of May, June, July, and August, in every Year; and the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to keep the said Archway or Archways well and diffidently lighted up, for and during the Hours and Times so appointed for all Persons to pass through the said Archway or Archways upon Payment of the Tolls as aforesaid save and except for and during such Time or Times as the said Archway or Archways, or any Part thereof, or any of the Work3 thereunto belonging, shall be repairing, or the Passage through the same shall be by any Accident impeded or prevented); and in Default thereof, the said Company shall forfeit and Penalty on pay for every Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, to be Company not recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Paflag/iighrcd Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed. up.

i Provisionsas to Compensation for particular Damages and Injuries, §65. S$c."

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously blow up. Penalty on pulldown, or otherwise damage or destroy the said Archway or Archways, or any Part thereof, or any Engine da-naging the or other Works thereunto belonging, or shall wilfully or maliciously remove or take away any of the Materials ^jr^s* or Works thereunto belonging, without the Authority of the said Company, or their Directors, or in any wise cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and coivri&ed, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Offences done or committed within the said In what County Archway or Archways, or within any Part or Parts thereof, situate, lying, and being, under the said River the Archway or Thames, shall be deemed to have been done and committed within either of the said Counties of Surrey or deemedf^ Middlesex, and shall be enquired of, and examined into, and cognizable by the several Justices of the Peace in and for the said Counties respectively; and all Actions, Bills, Suits, Informations, and Indictments for such Acts and Offences may be brought, laid, tried, and prosecuted, in either of the said Counties of Surrey or Middlesex.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Archway or Archways, or any of the Works whatsoever Archway or to be made, or Land to be purchased or made life of by virtue of this Act, shall not be subject to the Archway# not Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order, of any Commission of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to bc to Sewers whatsoever; or to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of the Mayor and Commonalty and |°u, tf2dt?c>3*. Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, as Conservator J of the River Thames and Waters of ti e Medway (except as herein after mentioned), or to the Controul,

Direction,

Direction, Survey, or Order of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond9'in the County of Kent.

This Aift not to

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be p»*judice the construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, interests, Pririleges, Franchises, or Authority 1 O ry or°Lofd Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of

W .yor. the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, iter, or diminish, any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction,

which at the Time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, as Coniervator of the River Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise, nor to authorize or empower the said Company, their Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere, with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River, or the Banks or Shores thereof, without the Licence and Consent of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, nor to prevent the Execution of the Laws for the better Protection or Preservation of the Fishery in the said River Thames, upon or over such Parts of the Ground as shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, lying contiguous to the Banks or Shores of the said River; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Cap. cxviii.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Vcar of His present Majesty, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poor in the Town and Paritti of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

[12th July 1835.]

'Penalty on Persons opening the Locks, or doing other D ifnage to the Waterworks, lol. to 40s.

Penalty on

«tc(lioy ing

Works.

ator W rks

>t fuhj 61 co the C >mmissioners ©t Sc we,. Saving the Slights of the City of London as Coi.fervators of the Ttuiucs.

Cap. cxix.

An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwellknd Parts of the Parish of

Saint Mary's Lamlelh, and, several other Parishes and Places in the County of Surrey, with Water.

[l2th July 1805.]

[The Company of Proprietors of South London Water Works incorporated.]

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall throw any Ballast, Gravel, N Stones, Filth, or Rubbish, into any Part of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, Trenches, Watercourses, or Feeders, to made by virtue of this Act, or shall wantonly or unnecessarily open or cause to be opened any Lock, Gate* Paddle* Valve, or Clough, belonging to the said Waterworks, or shall snare, angle, or take any Fish out of the fame, or wash or bathe therein; or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully flu(h or draw off, or cause" to be ttu(hed or drawn off, the Water from any Part of the said Waterworks, or shall leave any of the said Valves or Cloughs open and running belonging to the fame, or shall draw or cause to be drawn any Paddle, Valve, or Clough in any of the Ldck, Stop, or Clew Gates on the said Waterworks, so as to mispend or watte the Water thereof, or do any other Acts to disturb, foul, or injure the Water, its Courses, or Feeders, or shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution x>f this Act, every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay* for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings 5 and if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Waterworks, Relervoirs, Aqueduds, or other Works, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Waterworks to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony 5 and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to thic like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny 5 or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His MajestyV Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not less than Double the Value or Amount of the Damage proved upon Oath to have been done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, such Penalty, together with reafoisable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the County or Place in which such Offence shall happen, for any Time not exceeding Four Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Waterworks, Aqueduds, Reservoirs, and Feeders, shall not be subject to or under the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commissioners of Sewers, or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, interests, Privileges^ Franchises, or Authorities of the.Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, < 1 their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminlh any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, which at the Time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor lor the Time being, asConfervator of the River of Thames, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise, nor to

6 authorize

A.D. 1805.

45° GEORGII III.

C. cxix.

607-

authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, their Wqrkmen or Servants, or any of them, to embank, encroach upon, or interfere with any Part of the Soil or Bed of the River, or the Banks or Shores thereof (except so far as is herein after mentioned) without the Licence and Consent of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, the Sum of Five Pounds as a Fine or Acknowledgment for the Liberty of opening a Communication between the said Waterworks and the River Thamts; and also to pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, their Successors, Collectors, or Assigns, for ever, an annual Rent or Sum of Five Pounds per Annum, after the opening a Communication between the said Waterworks and the River Thames, and which said annual Sum is hereby charged upon and made payable out of the Rates and Tolls of the said Undertaking, and may be recovered in the same Manner and with the same Powers, as are herein-before prescribed and given for the Recovery of the other annual Rents made payable by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted and declared. That, in Consideration of the said Fine and annual Sum, it shall be lawful ior the said Company of Proprietors to cut, make, and maintain the said Waterworks, Cuts, and Feeders, into the River Thames, at or near Fauxhall Creel, or a certain Creek or Dock adjoining Cumberland Gurdens, in the Parish of Srint M< ry L< mheth> and there to make and construct such Works as shall be necessary, not exceeding Thirty Feet in Width, and for this Purpose to construct a Cofferdam or Batterdeaux on the Beach of the said River, to keep out' the Water while the said Watercourse and other Works are constructing, and at any Time or Times afterwards when the same shall want repairing, and when necessary to scour out and deepen the said Bank, so as to maintain an Entrance sufficiently deep to enable the Water to flow in sufficient Quantities to the said Waterworks, into and out of the said River Themes at all Times; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Company at all Times to admit the Water of the said River Th mes into the lower Levels of the said Waterworks, and to raise the same by the Power of Steam or otherwise, into the upper Levels, for the Use of the said Waterworks, and for all other Purposes whatsoever. '

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Construed to extend, to give to the said Company of Proprietors, any Power or Authority to render the Communication of the said Waterworks wdth the River Thames, or with any Navigable Canal or ^Railway, a Conveyance for Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

Rent to the City of London-i for culling into»the Thames.

Company empowered so cut into the Thames, and to take Water therefrom.

Communication between the Water-woi k* and the Thames*not to Wc a Conveyance for Goods.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III.

Quadragesimo

Britanniarum Regis, sexto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign X*ocd GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-first Day of January t8o6 $ being the Fourth Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland/

CAP. I.

An Act to empower the Auditor of the Exchequer to constitute a Trustee for the Execution of the said Office in the Case therein mentioned.

[7th February 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer and Writer of F the Tallies thereof should, if appointed by His Majesty to the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, be enabled to accept and hold the said Office of Lord High Treasurer

or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, without incurring any Forfeiture of his said Office of Auditor,

and that for that Purpose and in that Case he should be empowered to nominate and constitute a Trustee for

executing his said Office of Auditor and Writer of the Tallies for so long a Time as he should himself continue to hold the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of th* Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Auditor of the

from and after the passing of this Act, whenever His Majesty shall think fit to appoint any Person enjoying the Exchequer when

Office of Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer and Writer of the Tallies thereof, to hold, enjoy, and appointed a Lord

execute the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, such Auditor so

appointed to hold, enjoy, and execute the Office of Lord High Treasurer or One of the Commissioners of the ap^jntJTroftee

Treasury, shall be empowered and he is hereby authorized and directed, as soon as may be after the Acceptance to execute the

of the said last nentioned Office, to nominate and constitute by Deed or Instrument under his Hand and Seal, some Office of Auditor,

fit and sufficient Person to hold and execute in Trust for him the said Auditor the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer and of .Writer of the Tallies thereof, and for him, and in his Name, and for

his Benefit, to receive such Emoluments and Salary thereto appertaining as might lawfully be received by the said Auditor; and the said Trustee is hereby authorized ana directed to execute and perform all Manner of

Things that to the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt and Writer of the Tallies do or ought to appertain, in

as full a Manner as he the said Auditor might or ought to do, and subject to the same Controul, Direction*

and Responsibility, according to the Law, Usage, Course, or Constitution of the Exchequer, as the said

Auditor; and all and every Act or Proceeding of the (laid Trustee in the Execution of the said Office, subject

to such Centroul, Direction, and Responsibility as aforesaid, shall be as good, valid, and legal, to all Intents

and Purposes whatsoever, as if they had been the Acts and Proceedings of the said Auditor.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustee so appointed as aforesaid shall, before he Trustee being enters upon the Execution of the said Trust, be presented together with the said Appointment or Instruraeot approved of by to the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being for his Approbation, and upon being approved of by Chancellor of the said Chancellor of the Exchequer shall take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also an Oath well (Jail take?hT> 46 Geo. III. 4 I Oath* of Office,

See.

6»o C. 2-s, 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

and truly to execute the said Trust, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and according to the Laws, Usage, Course, and Good tution of the Exchequer 5 which Ontli3 af<; r^fahl the said Chancellor duration of of the Exchequer in such Case is hereby empowered and directed to admhrPrcr to him: Provided always, that

'iiuft, &c. the said Deed of Trust shall be ar*d continue in force for so long as the said Auditor ft all continue to hold and

enjoy the Office of Lord High Treasurer or One of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and no longer; and that, upon the Death, Resignation, or ether legal Avoidance of such Trustee, it shall and may be lawful for the said Auditor to appoint another Trust -e for the same Purpose, in like Maimer and with the same Powers and Authorities, and subject to the same Obligations ar\d Duties, as is and are herein before specified, given* and directed.

reeptanccof HI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of the said Office cf Trustee shall not such Trusteeship vacate the Seat of any Member returned to servein Parliament.

shall not vacate Ujc beat of any M. P.

CAP. II.

until June 24, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Ma't in Great Britain^ for807. the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. [ 12th February 1806.]

[In all ref pc FIs [except the Dates) this Act is fmilar to 44 G. 3. c. 16. iff 45 G. 3 c. I. — As to Ireland^ fee caps. 12, 67, £5* 120 of this Session. J

CAP. III.

until March25, An Act for continuing f and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England \ and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[12th February 1806.]

[In all respects (except the Dates) this Acts similar to 45 G. 3. c. 2.]

CAP. IV.

[ftta'focap. 146. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Lady Viscountess Nelson, in Consideration if i.bi Stfion.) of the eminent Services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

[28th February 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been

pleased to declare, That Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Consideration the splendid and

unparalleled Atchievements of the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson, Knight of the most Honourable

Order of the Bath, during a Life spent in the Service of his Country, and terminated in the Moment of

Victory by a glorious Death, Your Majesty was desirous of conferring on his Relict Lady Viscountess Nelson 4 a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds for the Term of her natural Life: Now, we Your Majesty's mod

-dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, &c.

" His Majesty empowered to grant to Lady Viscountess Nelson for Life an Annuity of toco/. to commence* October 21, 1805, payable Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain. §1. — Annuity shall be paid at the Exchequer, without Fees, j 2* — And shall not be subject to any Tax* §3.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Strachan Baronet, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

[28th February 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to signify Your Desire of conferring a signal Mark of Your Favour and Approbation on Rear Admiral Sir Richard Strachan Baronet, in consequence of the eminent Services rendered by him in the Capture of a French Squadron in the Month of November One thousand eight hundred and five, and the Valour and Skill displayed by him on that Occasion, and that, for that Purpose an Annuity of One thousand Pounds ftiouldbe granted to the said Sir Richard Strachan, during the Term of his natural Life 1* Now, &cm 44 His Majesty empowered to grant to Sir Richard Strachan for Life an Annuity of 1000l. to commence from November 4, 1805, payable Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, without Fees, and Tax free. $ 1, 2, 3 "

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 6 — 9.

CAP. VI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[28th February 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your Majely's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your* Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adsice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shallaud may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received-at His Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain, from any Person or Persons Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in Loans and E chequer Bills together in the Whole the Sum of Five Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained, and particularly expressed in this Act), as in and by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, /In Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, fir the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act; which said Exchequer Bills shall be payable at any Time, out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, on Fourteen Days Notice being given by publick Advertisement in the Gazette, and in Three or more of the London Newspapers of the Day of Payment thereof: Provided always, that every such Exchequer Bill shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or any Trustee of the said Auditor, appointed under the Authority of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, A1 Ad to empower the Auditor of the Exchequer to confiitute a Trustee for the Execution of the said Office in the Case therein mentioned, or in the Name of such Auditor or Trustee, by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor or such Trustee to flgn the fame, with the Approbation of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Writing under their Hands, or of any Three or more of them.

" Exchequer Bills shall not be issued in any other than the Manner prescribed by 46 G. 3. c. 2 and 3. $ 2. — Interest 3 id, per Centum per Diem, See. — Bill3 shall be receivable in Payment of Taxes, See, after Months w from the Date. §3. - Exchequer Bills shall not be received at the Exchequer till in course of Payment. §4."

Treasury authorised to raise 5, odo, cool, by Loin* and Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act, c. x. of tht# Session.

Exchequer Bills fh: n! be signed by t*e Auditor of the Exchequer or his Ttuflec, appointed under 46 G. 3. c. I.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments 5 and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and six.'[22d March

[ Sec 44 G. 3. c. 7. end the References there]

' CA P. VIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[2 zd March i8c6 ]

[This Act is fitnilar in all refieds (except the Dates) to 45 Geo. 3. c. 17. — Continuance of Act in Great Britain 25 th March 1807. — In Ireland I fl April, 1807. §6uj

CAP. IX.

An Act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the CGreenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS it may be difficult in the present Circumstances, for the Mailers or Owners of Ships employed in the Fishery earned on in the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Strcrghtt, by virtue of certain Acts for granting Bounties for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisherie*, and for making Regulations respecting the fame, to be provided with their full Complement of Men at the Ports from which such Ships are fitted and cleared out for the said Fishery f for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's ir.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, it shall and may be Vess !i not lawful for any Ship or Vessel, which is not provided with the full Complement of Meu pursuant to the Directions of the said Acts, at the Port from which such Ship or Vessel shall be fitted and cleared oqt, to proceed from Complement of thence to any of the Ports in the Forth of Clyde, or in Lough Rya7, or to Lerwick in the Isle of Shetland, or Men at the Pott Kirkwall in the Orkneys, and complete the Number of Men there; provided the Number wanted doth not of Clcaraa.ee, exceed Three Common Men for every Fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, but not otherwise; and may proceed r

4 I*upon cmaia

6l 2

complete them,

who may be landed on their return.

Certificates of the Men taken on board and hnded, and Oath that the Men proceeded on the FishrjyVreejuucd to entule the Vessel (ofiounty.

Cominunnce of the Act.

45 O. 3 c. 86. § a, shall not prevent the carrying Coastwise or exporting Com, &c. for the U(e of His Majesty's Forces, Sec. or for the Purposes mentioned in 31 G. 3. c. 3a 6c 33 G. 3. c. 65. although prohibited from being otherwise exported by Reafrn of the Price.

C. 9-TI. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

upon the Returtt of such Ship or Vessel from the said Fishery, such Men may be landed and set on Shore at any of the Port* in the Forth of Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or at Lerwick, or Ki kwall aforesaid $ and upon the Master or Owner* of such Ship or Vessel producing to the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of his Arrival in Great Britain, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at any of the Ports aforesaid, as the Case may be, (which Certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel), certifying the Number and the Names of the men so taken on board such Ship or Vessel at any of the said Ports, and the Number and Names of the Men that were landed and set on Shore there respectively, upon the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fishery; and upon the Mailer and Mate of such Ship or Vessel making Oath before the Collector and Comptroller at the Port of their Arrival in Great Britain, that the Men to taken on board as aforesaid, proceeded from thence on the said Fishery, and continued on board during the Time such Ship or Vessel was employed in that Business, the Mailer or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the Bounty granted by the said Acts, in the same Manner as they would have been entitled thereto in case the full Complement of Men had been taken on board at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board such Ship or Vessel to such Port in Great Britain, provided all the other Regulations and Restrictions required and directed by the said Acts have been duly complied with and performed; any Thing in the said Acts contained to the contrary not with (landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace.

CAP. X.

An Act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March .One thousand eight hundred aird seven, an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

[22d March 1806.]

14 Recital of4* G. 3. c. it. last continued by 45 G. 3. c. 24. — Recital of45 G. 3. c. 93. — Drawbacks and " Bounties in Schedule in the Act 45 G. 3 c. 93. shall be paid $ 1. — If on 5th May, 5th September 1806, and 44 5th January 1807, the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall not have exceeded for the preceding " Quarter 701. per Cwt the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to 45 G. 3. c. 93, corresponding with the " Price, &c. shall be paid 5 and the Duty granted by 41 G. 3. c. 28. on East India Sugar, shall be allowed on Delivery out of Warehouse for Exportation. §2. Recited Act 43 G. 3. c. 11. further continued till " 15-25 March 1807. — Act may be altered this Session. f 3. — [See 4*; G. 3. c. 24. and References there. - See " eufo 46 G. 3. c. 42. §9. and46 G. 3. r. ioy. — And as to Ireland, fee 46 G. 3. cc. 14, 62. J"

CAP. XI.

An Act for allowing the Exportation of Corn and other Articles for the Use of His Majesty's Force* and Garrisons.

[22ft March 1806 ]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act*v to explain and amend an Act made in thelajl Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation

4 of Com, and the Bounties and Duties payable tlsereon, it is amongst other things enacted, that no Corn, Grain, Malt, or Flour, shall, after the Commencement of that Act, be allowed to be exported from any District of Great Britain, or be loaded on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported, when the Prices of such Corn or Grain respectively in such District, ascertained in Manner therein mentioned, shall have been in the preceding Week at or above the import Rates be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to prevent the carrying Coastwise or carrying out or exporting the several Sorts of Corn and other Articles aforesaid, for victualhng or providing any of His Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; or for any of the Purposes mentioned in an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported; or in an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-firs Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign C'.rn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported f in the like Manner, and in the same Proportions and Quantities, and from and to the same rorts and Places as is by the said Two last mentioned Act* allowed, at such Times as any of the several Sorts of Corn or other Articles therein mentioned are prohibited tcTbe exported by Reason of the Price of any such Sort of Com being at or above the Price at or above which the Exportation of such Comor other Articles is prohibited 5 subject to the like Securities, Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are by the said Two last mentioned Acts, or by any other Act now in force, in such Case required and imposed, as if the said first mentioned Act had never been made.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 12 — 14. 613

Cap. m

An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland \ and for granting a Duty upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six; and for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[22d March 1806.]

" 45 G. 3. c. 18; c. 22; and c. 107, recited and continued till 29 Sept. 1806. § ?. [&r 46 G. 3. c. 120.] —

" 45 G. 3. c. 19. recited and continued till March 25, 1807. §2. — Duties shall be carried to Irish Consolidated " Fund, §3. — Act may be altered this Session. §4.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for settling and securing certain Annuities on Cuthbert Lord Collingwoodj and the several other Persons therein described, in Consideration of the signal and important Service performed by the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwood to His Majesty and the Publick.

[2 2d March 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your most faithful Commons, has been pleased to declare that Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Consideration the signal and important Service performed by Cuthbert Lord Collingwood, Vice Admiral of the Blue, in the ever-memorable and decisive Victory obtained by the Fleet under the Command of Vice Admiral Lord Visconnt Nelson over

the Combined Fleets of France and Spain off Cape Trafalgar, in the Month of October One thousand eight hundred and five, and his highly meritorious Conduct after the Action, not only highly honourable to himself but greatly beneficial to the United Kingdom, Your Majesty was desirous to bestow some considerable and lasting Mark of Your Royal Favour as a Testimony of Your Majesty's Approbation of the said Service, and for this Purpose to give and grant unto the said Cuthbert Lord ColUngwoodj and to the Two next succeeding ' Heirs Male of the Body of the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwoodj to whom the Title of Baron Colftngwood ftiafl«defeend, for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of Two thousand Pounds per Annum: But Your Majesty not having it in Your Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the Effect of the said«Grant beyond the Term of Your Majesty's own Life, recommended it to Your faithful Commons to cotifider«of a proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant the fame, and of extending, securing, and settling,

such Annuity to the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwoodj and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of«Baron Collingwood shall defeend, in Inch Manner as should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Cuthbert l ord Collingwood and his Family; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain and Irelandj in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most gracious'

Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' See.

0 An Annuity of 2000l. commencing 21 Odder 1805, made payable Quarterly to Lord Collingwood and his 4< Two next succeeding Heirs Male; and charged on the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain §1-4. — Free u from Taxes. $ — inalienable. $ 6. — In case of Lord Collingwood s Death without leaving Issue Male, a

Life Annuity of 100c/. shall be paid to Lady Collingwood. §7. — And another Life Annuity of locol. to his Daughter or Daughters. §8."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and yo amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4 v An Act for regulating, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eigr>t hundred and two, the Allowance 41 3. c. 74i

of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar, and for allowing certain Drawbacks on

Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland: And whereas 4l G. 3. c. 60.

an Act was made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to continue and amend the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year aforesaid: And whereas an Act was made in the Forty-third Year of the 43 G. 3. c. 17.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar, from Ireland, and for allowing, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof: And whereas the said recited Acts were continued by 44 G. 3. c. 10.

an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and were also continued and &45G. 3-c. 23. 4 amended by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the faii recited Acts should be

continued and amended in Manner herein mentioned be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty-first Reuted Act, so Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same is not altered by the said recited Acts of the Forty-second and fAr a' not h«rehv Forty-third Years, or by the said recited Act of last Session, or by this Act* and also the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year, so far as the same is not altered by the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year, or by the I^07/r*1 said Act of last Session, or by this Act, and also the said Act of the Forty-third Year, lo far as the same is not

altered

614

Infield of the Schedule to 43 G. 3. c. 17. the Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule to this Act shall be paid with the additional Drawbacks and Bounties under 4jG. 3. c. 3. §

When the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall not l ave exceeded 70s. pci Cwt. exclu-fi vc of Duties, the Drawback bicntioned in the Schedule to to this Act as corresponding to such Pi ice shall be paid.

C. 14, 15. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

altered by the said recited Act of last; Session, or by this Act, and also the said recked Act of last Session so far as the same is not altered by this Act, shall be, and the same are hereby continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of -{March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II. And whereas it is expedient, That the Schedule annexed to the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year should be repealed and another Schedule enacted in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year annexed, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof, the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be deemed Part of the said herein-before recit?d Acts, and be confirmed therewith, and the Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule to this Act annexed, together with the additional Drawbacks and Bounties mentioned in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be paid and allowed under the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Acts, in like Manner in every Respect as if the said Schedule had been annexed to the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid

3- /

III. And be it further enacted, That if, in the lirft Publication of the Dublin Gazette, pursuant to the said recited Acts of the Forty-first and Forty-third Years after the Arrival in Dublin of the London Gazette, containing the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Quarter of a Year preceding the Fifth Day of May, or the Fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, or the Fifth Day 0$ January One thousand eight hundred and seven respectively, or any or either of the said Days, ascertained and taken in Mann.r prescribed by Law in Great Britain, it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar, so ascertained and taken for the preceding Quarter of the Year, shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings Sterling for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof, then, and in every such Case, the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to this Act annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the Dublin Gazette shall have been given as aforesaid, together with such additional Drawback or Bounty as is mentioned in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be paid or allowed on Exportation (except to Great Britain), until Notice published in the London Gazette of the Average Price for the Quarter of a Year preceding any other of such subsequent Days shall be given in the Dublin Gazette; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like Manner in every respect, and subject and tinder and according to the like Rule?, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks and Bounties were paid or allowed before the passing this Act*

u Act may be altered this Session. $ 4." 46 G. 3. c. 6a.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and paid under the Provisions of this Act.

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable.

Drawback, to be allowed on Sugar of the Br: i(h Plantations in the same Bounty on refined Sugar B 'unty on other refined State in which it was' called Bastards, or' Sugar in Loaf com-impoited; and Bounty! refined Loaf Sujpr' p.cte and whole, or on refined Sugar being! bioken in Pieces. L imp duty refined,

ground or powdered Sugar.

If the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar published in the London Gazette shall not exceed 40l. Sterling the Cwt.

If it shall exceed 4c/. and not exceed 45l. if it shall exceed 45l. and not exceed 5c/.

If it shall exceed 50l. and net exceed 58l.

If it shall exceed 58l. and not exceed 60l.

If it shall exceed 6c/. and not exceed 62/,

If it shall exceed 62s, and not exceed 64l.

If it shall exceed 64l. and not exceed 66l.

If it shall exceed 6f s. and not exceed 68l.

If it shall exceed 68l. and not exceed 70l.

It it shall exceed 7c/.

All the above Prices are to be taken exclusive of the Duties of Customspaid or payable on the Importation of Sugar.

Sterling the Cwt. Sterling the Cwt. ! Sterling the Cwt.

2 7l. 25l. 40l.

21 25'38

20 25 36

20 20 34

18 iS $l

t6 167

*4 J4 24

12 12 20

10 30 J 7

8 8 13

Nothing 1 Nothing, 1 Nothing

CAP. XV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sari, and Man.

[22d March 1806.]

[dumber of Forets, 134, 473. § I. — The Continuance of this Act was only (ill 2 6th May 1806. ^r/46 £.3. rr. 48, 66.]

4-6fi GEORGII III.

C. 16 — 18.

615

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue until the First Day of J: weQ*\z thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Mujdty, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty, and the United States of America.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

- An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, conducted between 37G\1* c. 97.

His Majesty and the United States of America, was to continue in force folong as the said Treaty should continue rcc* c<1*

iu forge, and no longer; which Treaty, or so much of it as relates to the Matters contained in the said Act,

has now ceased and determined: And whereas it is expedient that the Liberty of Navigation and Commerce,

between the People of this Kingdom and the People of the United States of America, should continue for a 4 limited Time, in the same Manner and under the fame' Limitations and Conditions as are specified in the said Act be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Aid, and every Thing therein contained, shall, notwithstanding the said Treaty has Conti rued till ceased and determined, be deemed and taken to be and to have been in full Force and Effeft, and shall so continue Ju"c l> l % °7» in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fc'vcn.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into Great Britain, from the said On Importation United States of America, of any Articles enumerated in Table 13. of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of ^om America of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grl's Q*bIc gtant other Duties in lieu thereof every such Article shall be liable to the respective Duties imposed by the said they Dial I Act, or by any Act or Acts passed subsequent thereto, except Wheat, Wheat Meal, or Flour, Rye, Barley, he liable to the Beer or Bigg, Qats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn and Maize 5 the Duties to be paid upon which Duties under respectively mall be ascertained and regulated according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg,

Pease, Beans, Oats, and Oatmeal, in the Manner set forth and specified in the Table marked B. in an Act passed except Wheat, in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and &c. which shall Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon, or according to any other Act or Acts that shall he regulated by hereafter be made, for altering or amending the said Act, passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Mayefly's Tal'); B , n Reign \ any Thing in the said Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign to the ^4 ' 3' c* x°9' aontrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom, of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Exportation of Wool, being the Product of any of the British

Plantations in America, from any of the said Plantations in America to the United Kingdom, should be excepted from the Prohibition of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Widiam the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of xo U ix Gul. 3,

Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom Ci I0, $9*

of England be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to export, from Wool may be any Place or Parts within any of the British Plantations m America, to the United Kingdom, any Wool being of exported frona the Product of any of the said British Plantations j any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding. p"JnIar^ons

1 America into the United Kingdom.

II. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland, shall and are hereby required so direct Accounts to be made up on the Fifth Day of January in every Year, of all Wool imported in pursuance of this Act, distinguishing the Quantities and the Ports from whence any such Wool shall have been so imported.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and no longer.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven,

the Operation of An Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in450.3. c.I3. Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

[22d March 1806.]

S CAP.

Accounts of Wool so imported shall be made up ro the 5th January yearly.

Continuance of Act 25th Maich 1809.

6i6

«*40 C.).

c-44-

G. J. c 7J.

Foreign Soldier* enlisted exceeding 10, oooo under recited Act, shall be deemed legally enlisted; and Perfom advising their being jnlifted or landed indemnified.

His Majesty empowered to augment the Humber to i6jOOo Men.

C. 15 — 23. +6' GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six. [and March 1806.]

[This Act isJimilar in all respcBs (except the Dates) to 45 G. 3. r. 62.]

CAP. XX.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[22d March 1806.]

[&r 42 G. 3. c. 64. to which this Act is similar mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XXI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[22d March 1806.]

[Continuance of AS 2$th March 1807. — See 43 G. 3. c. 72. to which this Act is similar (except the Dates.)]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland \ for holding Courts-Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during the Peace.

[22d March 1806.]

[See 43 G. 3. c. 88. to which this Act is similar (except the Dates.)]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom.

[22d March 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain*ReflriSions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid: And whereas by the said Act His Majesty was empowered to enlist as Soldiers*certain Foreigners, and to form them into Regiments, Battalions, and Corps, provided that there should not be*within any Part of the United Kingdom more in the Whole than Ten thousand Men serving in such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, at any one Time: And whereas a large Number of Foreigners have been enlisted as Soldiers into His Majesty's Service in Foreign Parts, and it has become necessary and been found expedient to*land such Foreign Soldiers in this Kingdom, whereby the whole Number of Foreigners now serving in this Kingdom amount to more than the Number of Ten thousand Men allowed by the said recited Act; and it is*proper that those who have advised His Majesty to land the same in this Kingdom should be indemnifiedbe h therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of jrtie Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Foreign Soldiers as have been already enlisted into His Majesty's Service, over and above the said Number of Ten thousand Men, shall be deemed and taken to have been and to be legally and effectually enlisted; and ail Commissions or Letters of Service as have been already granted by His Majesty to any Foreign Officers in Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, in which any such Men shall have been enlisted, mall be deemed and taken to have been and to be legally and effectually granted, and shall remain and continue in force in like Manner in all Respects as if such Soldiers had been enlisted, and such Commissions or Letters of Service had been granted, after the patting and under the Provisiops of this Act 5 and every Person who may have advised His Majesty to enlist such Soldiers and to grant such Commissions or Letters'of Service as aforesaid, and to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom, and to have above the Number of Ten thousand Men in the Whole of such Foreigners, serving at any one Time within the United Kingdom, is hereby fully indemnified.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, to augment such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, so already formed as aforesaid, and to form any other Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, and to that End to enlist as Soldiers to serve in any such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, any Foreigners who shall voluntarily enter themselves as Soldiers to serve therein: Provided always, that there shall not be within any Part of the United Kingdom more in the Whole than Sixteen thousand Men of such Foreign Soldiers serving in such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps at any one Time.

9 III. And

III. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act, so far as the same are applicable, shall be applied and put in force in respect of the Sixteen thousand Men so allowed to serve as aforesaid by this Act, as tully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were severally and separately repeated and re-enacted in and made Part of this Act: Provided always, that all Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, or private Soldiers, serving under the Provisions of this Act, shall be subject to all and every the Prdvisions and Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and fer the letter Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and to all such, Articles of War as have been, or shall be established by His Majesty in pursuance of the Power vested in him for that Purpose by the said last mentioned Act, or by any Act of Parliament which may hereafter be passed, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any of His Majesty's regular Forces are now subject to the same.

Act may be altered this Session, §4. — Continuance of this Act during the War. §5. [as 44 G.$c. 75. §5."}

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred 31G. 3. c. 74. and eight, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[22d March 1806.] ^f rencithere.]

Provisioni ot recircd Act extended to t!»is; such Foreign Soldiers shall be subject to the Mutiny Act.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[31st March 1806.]

Treasury empowered to raise 10, 500, 000/ by Loans and Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act (c. 2.) of this Session. §1, 2. — Interest 3^6.per Cent. per Diem. $ 3. — Exchequer Bills so issued not receiveable in Payment of Taxes, &c before April 5, 1807. §4.. — Charged on the First Supplies to be granted in next Session. §5. 44 — Bank of England authorized to advance 6, 500, 000l. on Credit of this Act. §6."

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[31st March 1806.]

Treasury empowered to raise 1, 500, 000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills as under Malt Act (c. 2.) of this Session. § i, 2. — Interest j{d. per Cent, per Diem. §3. — Exchequer Bills so issued not receiveable in Payment of Taxes, &c. before April 5, 1807. §4. — Charged oa the First Supplies to be granted in next Session. $ 5. 44 — Bank of England authorized to advance 1, 500, 000l. on Credit of this Act. §6."

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His late Majesty, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise.

[31st March 1806.]

[15 Geo. 2. c. 25. {last continued by 39, 40 Geo. 3. c. 45, §7.) further continued.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

[31st March 1806.]

" So much of 19 G. 3. c. 74. as relates to Transportation, and so much of 24 G.$. Jl. 2. c. 56. as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Wales, (last continued by 42 G. 3. c. 28. f 1.), further continued till March 25, 1813. §1. — 25 G. 3. c. 46. §4, &c. authorizing the Removal of Offenders from Scotland to temporary Places of Confinement in Great Britaiaf (last continued by 42 G. 3. c. 28. §3.), further continued till March 25, 1813. §2.

nd to the author'/ing the Removal of OffendersJ

CAP. XXIX.

An act for reviving and continuing several Laws of Customs relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for continuing several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the 46 Geo. III. 4 K granting

6i8

C. 29.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

IriCh Act

2 5 G. 3. c. 12.

3. continuing certain Duties on Callicoes, Mullins, and Linens, ini polled into Ireland, continued for

z t Yearsj ond<r Regulations cf Irish Act,

3 G. 3. c. tz.

7 G 2 c. 18. respectuig the Importation of Crrriiincal ai d further continued till March 25, 1809.

Such Cochineal, Jtc. subjfft to l»i< Duties now uavaMe; ami if 4ii>m Cour.trict

granting t Bounty upon the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax-, from His Majesty's Colonies in Americas and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries \ and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland\ and from Ireland to Great Britain $ and to the AdmiHion to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland\ taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and redding in the said Island; and for continuing an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting die Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fi(b, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty; until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for reviving and continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven; and for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the free Importation into Great Britain of Cochineal and Indigo, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

[2d April 1806 ]

t 33 £3. e, 76. for establishing Courts of Judicature in Newfoundland, (last continued by 43 G 3. r. 29. §1.),

" revived and further continued till March 25, 1^09. §1. — 39 G. 3. c 87. respecting the Exportation and " Importation of Com, &c. (lad continued by 4$ G. 3. c. 26. §2.), revived and further continued till March 25,

44 1809. §2. — 29 G. 2. c. 15. for granting a Bounty on British and Irish Linens, (last continued by 41 G. 3. w (U. K)c. 97. §5.), further continued till March 23, vi8o8. $ 3. — 4 G. 3. c. z6. for granting a Bounty " on Hemp and Flax, (last continued by 26 G 3. c. 52 §12 ), further continued till March 25, 1808. §4 — 44 26 G. 3. c. 41. for the Encouragement of the Greenland Fisheries, and so much of 29 G. 3. c. 53. as relates " to the Greenland Fisheries, (last continued by 44 G 3, c. 35.), further Continued till March 29, 1808. §5. " — 43 O. 3. r. 78. (which continued 42 G. 3. r. 3J. and 43 G. 3. c. 14)for regulating the Prices, &c. at which Grain, &c. may be exported between Great Britain and Ireland, (last continued by 45 G. 3. c. So.), " further continued till March 25, 1808. §6.-43 G. 3. c. 68. §39. as to Duties on Oil or Blubber, (last continued by 45 G. 3. c. So. §2.), revived and further continued till March 2f, 1808. §7. — 23 G. 3. r. 77. 44 for Encouragement of Flax and Cotton Manufactures in Great Britain, shall continued by 43 G. >. c. 20. " §6.), further continued till March 25, 1808. §8. — 44 G. 3. c. 29 (as amended by 45 G. 3. c. 80. §3, 4*), for permitting the Importation of Hides, &c. further continued till March 25, 1808. §9 — 41 G. 3. c. 36. 14 respecting the Exportation and Importation from and to Ireland of Com, Potatoes, See, (last continued by " 45 G. 3. c. 26. §3.) revived and further continued till March 25, 180S. §10.

XI. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Persons and for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for continuing an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing the Encouragement given by former Acts of Parliament to the Ftaxen and Hempen Manufactures, ' whereby an additional Duty of 'One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard, laid by former Acts or the Parliament of Ireland on all White, Painted, and Stained Callicoes, and all Painted and Stained Muffins (except such Callicoes or Mufiins as were painted and stained in Great Britain), and an additional Duty of Sixpence per Yard for every Sort of Linen (except of the Manufacture of Great Britain) imported into Ireland, were continued for the Space of Twenty-one Years from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, shall be, and the said Act and the Duties thereby continued is and are hereby revived and further continued for the Space of Twenty-one Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six; and that the said Duties shall be raised, levied, paid, and applied under the like Regulations, for the same Purposes, and subject to the several Rules, restrictions, and Remedies as are enacted and in force for or in respect of the Duties payable on the said several Articles under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Firf, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochine 7 during the Time therein limited and also for the free Importation of Indigo; which was to continue in force from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and thirty-four, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the Endof the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and fsom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine: Provided always, that such Cochineal and Indigo shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties charged thereon, and now payable under any Act or Acts of Parliament: Provided also, that from and after the Fifth Day of July One*

thousand.

A.D. 1806. 4.6', GEORGII III. C. 29 — 32. 619

thousand eight hundred and six, no Cochineal or Indigo, the Growth or Produce of any of the Countries within wiibinrhcl.iniit* the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies* the shall be imported into this Kingdom, except by and on the Account, or with the Licence of the said United chmcr^undtr Company; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. their Licence.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, to make Regulations reflecting the Ti'ade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope., [21st April 18©6.]

WHEREAS the Castle, Town, and Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope* and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, are now in the PoUeilion of His Majesty; and it ib expedient, under the present

Circumstances, that the Trade and Commer e to an»i from the laine should be regulated for a certain Time in such Manner as shall seem proper to His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, notwithstanding the special Provisions of any Ad or Acb of Parliament that may be construed, to alfed the same Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent efty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice His Majesty of His Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be issued from Time to Time, to give such Directions, and make way» by Orderi* such Regulations, touching the Trade and Commerce to and from the said Settlement, and the Territories and Council, make Dependencies thereof, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary, any Thing respecting the < contained in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, Tra^c and Com* An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation; or in an Act passed in the Seventh and mrree ta and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds lh* Cape and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Track; or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, relating to n0lw^-nl|jJJ? His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Usage, or Custom, to SrauuesizCar. the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. c. 18.; 7 & 8

W. 3. c. is. or any other A At.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, shall be imported into or Goods imported exported from any Place or Places, Part of the said Settlement or its Territories or Dependencies, or shall be exported from any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to any of the said Places; or if any Geods, Wares, or j^CounciMhall Merchandize, shall be so imported or exported in any Manner whatever, contrary to any such Order or Orders be forfeited, of His Majesty in Council; the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, witU the Ship "Wares, or Merchandize, shall respectively be imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Furniture, and Furmiure. Tackle, and Apparel; and every such Forfeiture shall and may befued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Forfeiture incurred by any La\$ respecting the Revenue of Customs may be iued for, profeculed, and recovered, in Places where respectively the Oflences shall be committed, AA shall not in-an .l the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied, in like Manner in the said Places respectively, fringe the Rights any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein Indl*

contained shall in any Manner be construed to infringe the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, belonging to the omPa, y' United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March Continuance qU One thousand eight hundred and seven. ^07* ^Iarc*

CAP. XXXI. 1 07

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight htindred and seven, an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

[21st April 180&]

44 44 G. 3. c. 32. recited and further continued till March 25, 1807. §1."

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to enable Act (hill not His Majesty to employ the Services of any Part of the Militia Forces of Ireland now in Great Britain, or e*rend the T*"1 which may be sent to Great Britain, during the Continuance of this Act, for any lodger Time than that for which the Persons so serving have already voluntarily engaged or shall voluntarily engage to continue such Service.

u Act may be altered this Session. §3."

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland to issue Treasury Bills oa the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for making forth Duplicates of.Treasury Bills loft oj destroyed.

[21st April 1806.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Publick Service that Treasury Bills should be issued in Ireland on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament fer the Service

ty

6zo

Irlfli Treasury may iflfuc Bills to a certain Extent to bear Interest.

Amount of Bill* issued not to exceed 500, 0001. Irish.

Bi'lt, if not paid off, shall be tak.cn in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, aftet such Time as the Treasury shall appoint;

and Interest shall then cease.

Produce shall be carried to the Irish Consolidated Fund. Bills charged on Sj 'pl e-i of S.lhon, &c.

Bank of Ireland

may advance the Sum of 500, 000l. on the Credit of this Act.

Provision for I.offes sustained from Treasury Bills being loll, or Bolen, Sec.

C. 32; 46'> GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

' of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six: May it therefore" please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5' and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Sp'ritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, or any Three or more of them now or for the Time being, if he or they shall judge it advisable, at any Time or Times after the paffipg of this Act, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to prepare or make and issue, or cause to be prepared or made and issued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums to be respectively specified therein, (not exceeding in the Whole the Amount herein after mentioned and directed, ) and declaring such Sum or Sums to be payable or such Bills to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at such Time and Times as shall be directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and a9 shall be expressed in such Bills respectively 5 and such Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the said Bills shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progremon, beginning with Number One.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, "That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to issue any such Bills under this Act, to any Amount exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency; and* that such Bills shall be issued for so much only of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, as shall be actually paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at the Instance, or by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, and of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or any Three of them now or for the Time being; and that the Interest on the said Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall commence from the issuing thereof respectively, and shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, until such Person or Persons shall be respectively p>id their Principal Money at One entire Payment.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every such Bill so to be issued for the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall or may, on or after such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or by the said Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by, and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, or Tax, in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Custom, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, or Tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Ireland and shall be taken, pass, and be current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, from every such Receiver or Collector, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid, or Tax by him collected or received at or after such Time or Times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the said Treasury Bills, which shall or may be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall be received by any Receiver or Collector, pnrfyant to the Provisiona of this Act> all Interest shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon; and the fame, when paid by such Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, shall be cancelled.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the said Treasury Bills, and all Interest thereon, or which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or borne by or out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Ireland, in or for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; or out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of I»eJand to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irjb Currency, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; so that no higher or greater sum, by way of Interest, Discount, Gratuity, or other Confederation, shall be demanded or taken by the said Governor and Company, or by any Person on their Behalf, than at the Rate of Fire Pounds per Centum per Annum, for any Money so advanced.

VIII. And Whereas, it 1*9 expedient to make Provision for Losses which may have been or may be sustained by Individuals, by means of Treasury Bills or Debentures, .issued or which may be issued from His Majesty's Treasury of In land, being stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed; be it enacted, That in all Cases whenever it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of any of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, by any Affidavit or Affidavits to be sworn before such Baron, who shall interrogate the Deponent or Deponents thereupon, that any such Treasury Bills or Debentures have been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed, or that there is good Reason to believe that the same have been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed* upon producing to the respective Officers of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, appointed to make forth such Treasury Bilk or Debentures, or to pay the same, a Certificate of such Baron thereof, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

621

C. 32 — 36.

sworn before him, which Affidavit or Affidavits shall be taken and Certificate granted by any of the said Baron* without Fee, and upon Security being given to His Majesty, Hi* Heir* and Successors, to the good liking of the said Officer*, to indemnify them and each of them against all other Person for the Money specified in lueh Treasury Bill* or Debentures respectively, and the Interest thereof, the said Officers, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Chief Governor* of Ireland for the Time being, shall make forth Duplicates of such Treasury Bill* or Debentures, and shall pay and discharge the Money specified therein with the Interest accrued on the Original Treafuij Bill* or Debenture*, and such Interest a* shall accrue, in the same Manner as they would have paid and discharged the same on the Original Treasury Bills or Debenture*, if the same had not been stolen, loft, burned, or destroyed. '

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising die Sum of Twenty Millions by way of Annuities.

[21st April 1806.]

" Every Contributor of too/, shall be entitled to a Principal of 100l. in the 3 per Cent. Consols, from 5th 44 January 1806, and 661. in the 3 per Cent. Reduced, from cth April 1806. §1, &c. — Duties granted by u 43 G. 3. c. 122. 45 G. 3. c. 15. shall not be charged on the First Half Year's Dividends. % 8. — Treasury may remit to Ireland 2&G0&00l. §20. — to be provided for in Ireland. §12. — Bank 01 England shall continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted shall cease. §26."

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. >*[21st April 1806.]

39 G. 3. c. 100. (last continued by 44 G. 3. c. 86.) further continued tiH March 25, 1807. — 44 G. 3* u c. 86. and the References there.9*

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to revive and amend so much of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty* for granting certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, as provides for the exempting from the said Duties

Bank Notes and Bank Poll Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act^ Qt^Ci lf#

4 V jor granting to His Majesty federal Duties therein mentioned\ to be levied by the Commissioners for §114.

managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, it was amongst other Things enacted, that all Bank Notes and Bank

Pod Bills, which should be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, should be exempted from '.he Duties thereby charged thereon respectively, upon Payment of a Compensation for and in lieu of such Duties in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the Forty-fourth

Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in 44 G. 3. c. 61. 4 Ireland, it wasamongst other Things enacted, that so mnch of the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year 5 n

as exempted the said Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills from the said Duties, and as authorized any*u.l*

Compensation to be made or received for and in lieu of the said Duties, should be repealed: And whereas it is expedient to revive and amend so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, as relates to the said Exemption; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That all Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills which shall be issued by the Rank of Ireland Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, at any Time after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One Notes exempted thousand eight hundred and six, whether for Fifty Pounds or any greater or lefier Sum, shall be exempt from from StamP the Duties chargeable thereon respectively by Law for One whole Year, and so from every Twenty-fifth Day ^(2c^, Ycai7tnt of March for One whole Year next following; provided the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall Compensation a* within Ten Days after the passing of this Act, on account of the Year next following the said Twenty-fifth shall be agreed Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, and on each and every Twenty-fifth Day of March on by the Irish respectively on account of every subsequent Year, have paid into His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland, such Sum Treasury. of Money as shall have been from Time to Time agreed upon by and between the said Governor and Company and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland as a Compensation for and to be in lieu of and in full Satisfaction for all Stamp Duties payable upon all Notes and Bills to be issued by the said Governor and Company of the said Bank during the Year next following every such Twenty fifth Day of March respectively; ' any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as charges a Duty of Three Shillings upon certain Tenements or Dwelling Houses in Ireland.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, AnA8 for granting unto Hi*

T Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and/ix, certain Inland Duties of

f Excise

Recital of 45 G.«Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of firmer Duties of Excise and Taxes, a yearly* R^te or Duty of Three Sickle A Ttlf % ^l*n§>s was granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon and out of every Tenement or if't'ndowt. *Dwelling House not having more than Six Windows or Lights, except such Houses as shall not be worth the

impufkng 7 Duty*yearly Rent of Fifty Shillings, and the Occupier or Person paying Rent for which bath not any Goods or of 3$. on certain*Chattels to the Value of Ten Pounds, over and above all his or her just Debts, and does not pay Rent for House*«House, or House and Land altogether, to a greater annual Amount than Five Pounds yearly, (Money paid

for Com Acres, Potatoe Land by the Crop in the Nature of Com Acres, and for Grazing, not being to 4^ G. 3. c. iz.*be deemed or considered Rent: ) And whereas by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, the several Rates, Duties, and Taxes granted by the said first recited Act, are continued until and upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and l'cvcn: And whereas it is expedient that the said herein-before mentioned Kate or Duty of Three Shillings should be repealed, and should be no longer payable be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Said Duty of 3s. ^ame> That so much of the said last recited Act as continues the said Rate or Duty of Three Shillings,

repealed. shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Rate or

Duty of Three Shillings shall cease and determine, and shall be no longer paid or pavab'e, , any Thing in the said recced Acts, or any other Act or Acts in force in Irclnd to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Rules and Directions for ascertaining, fectiring, and collecting the said Rate or Duty of Three Shillings, and all Penalties for enforcing the Payment thereof, or of any Arrears thereof, contained in any Act or Acts in force in Inland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, so far as the same are applicable to the Duty hereby repealed.

Witness cannot by Law refuse to answer| on the Ground of subjects ting himself to a Suit for Debr.

Di*ies of Custom* on Tea seal! cease j

nd instead - thereof a Custom Duty of 61. per Cent. shall be piid <*n Tea sold at the East India

An additional

Excite Duly of 30l. per Cent iroposed on Tea (old under '». 6d, per lb.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to declare the Law with respect to Witnesses refusing to answer.

[5th May 1806.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether a Witness can by Law refuse to answer a Question relevant to the Matter in Issue, the answering of which has no Tendency to accuse himself, or to expose him to any Penalty or Forfeiture, but the answering of which may establish, of lend to establish that he owes A Debt, or is otherwise subject to a Civil Suit at the Instance of His Majesty, or of some other Person or Persons; Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Witness cannot by Law refuse to answer a Question relevant to the Matter in Issue, the answering of which has no Tendency to accuse himself or to expose him to Penalty or Forfeiture, of any Nature whatsoever, by Reason only, or on the sole Ground, that the answering of such Question may establish or tend to establish that he owes a Debt, or is otherwise subject to a Civil Suit, either at the Instance of His Majesty, or of any other Person or Persons.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs upon Tea imported into Great Britain, and granting a Duty in lieu thereof , and for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties of Excise on Tea.

[5th .May 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament afilmbled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and I emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and resptdive Duties of Customs payable upon Tea imported into Great Britain, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying, any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, at the passing of this Act, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act: And that in lieu and instead of the said Duties, a Duty of Customs of Six Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value, according to the gross Price at which such Tea shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be raised, levied, collected, ^nd paid, upon all Tea imported into Great Britain.

Company'iSalf.

Drawback of the whole Duty shall be allowed on Exportation. §2. — The said Duty shall be paid on all Tea sold by the Company, after passing this Act; and on all Tea in the Company's Warehouses at " the Time of the passing the Ad. §3. — The said Duty shall be under Management of the Costimissioners of 41 Customs, and the Duty^and Drawback shall be levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks. §4, 5."

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, colieded, and paid-unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of Tea, over and above all Duties of Excise already imposed for or in respect thereof by any Act or Acts of Parliament, the further Duty of Excise hereitv-after mentioned j that is to say, for and upon all Tea which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be sold

' 3t

4.6« GEORGII III. C. 38-39. 623

at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indict) under Two Shillings and Sixpence per Pound Weight, an Excise Duty of Thirty Pounds per Centum.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Duties shall be computed upon the gross Duti*i shall be Prices at which such Tea shall be sold; -to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such 1 ea to the said United Pa, <| hyPu'chas«r Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise Con, Pans* for the Time being.

41 Said Duty of Excise shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise 5 and on Exportation of* Tea, the whole Duty shall he drawn back; and the Duties and Drawbacks levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks. §8. — Prize Tea fold under the Act G. 3. c. 34. shall be subject to the duties imposed by this Act. §9 — [N.B. The dtt 33 G. 3. here alluded to is expired; hut fee 43 G. c. 134.] — Duties shall be carried to the British Consolidated Fund. §10 — Separate Account of the additional Excise Duty under this Act shall be kept for Ten Years, under 42 G. 3. c. 70. and the Money applied to the Charge of any Loan of this Session. §11. — Act may be altered this Session. f 12.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

[5th May 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray the Expences of

thejudand necessary War in which Your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and

grant unto Your Majesty the f&veral additional Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech Y our Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there fl£dl be Additional raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the Duties and Goods, Wares, and Merchandize mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Drawbacks of Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excise, as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in specified

the said Schedule, over and above all other Duties of Excise now payable to His Majesty 5 and that there shall^Ushall be be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for or in respect whereof paidand allowed, any Duty of Excise is by this Act granted, to the several Persons entitled to the fame, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed s and the same shall Commence and take effect from the Day mentioned in the said Schedule.

Said Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise. $ 2. — Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks. $ 3.

IV. And be it further enacted That irr all Cases where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this £)ut; Cf flull'be Act on any speciiick Quantity of Goods Wares and Merchandize, the same shall in every Case be understood, paid in Propor-deemed, and taken, to apply in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greater or less Quantity lia" to the than such specifick Quantity. Quantity.

Where Contraftshavc been made, the Duty maybe added to the Price. §5. — Separate Accounts of Duties under this Act shall be kept, gild the Produce applied to the Service of 1806, or any subsequent Year. §6.

Continuance of Act, [as in the Title.'] §7. — Act may be altered this Session. §8.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers*

SCHEDULE (A.)

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain, not being of the Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, an additional Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, an additional Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies, an additional Duty of

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from ^ny other Place, not being Irish manufactured Snuff, imported directly from Ireland, an additional Duty of

For every Pound Weight of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco manufactured i Dto what is commonly called or known by the Name of Spanish, imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Shag Tobacco imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Roll Tobacco imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

s. d. — 6

1 6

- 9

- ioi

- 6

- 9

- 8

9

For

Schedule (A.) — continued.

Interest 31. per Centum per Annum from 5th April 1806.

Exchequer Bills so lifted shall

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Carrot Tobacco imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort of Irish manufactured Tobacco not herein-before enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of - - 4 -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of Irish manufactured Tobacco Stalk Flour imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

For every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of Irish manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work not herein-before enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain, an additional countervailing Duty of -

The said additional Duties to be paid by the Importers or Proprietors of all Tobacco and Snuff which shall have been imported, and for which all the Duties chargeable on Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall not have been paid on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six; or which shall be imported, and which, whether the same shall have been or shall be imported, shall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas'directly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged under the Rules and Regulations in that Case made and provided.

For every Pound Weight of Shoit Cut Tobacco manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof, from such Ports to Foreign Parts, an additional Drawback of - For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco so manufactured and exported, an additional Drawback of--- -

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manufactured and exported, an additional Drawback of -

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured and exported, an additional Drawback of -

£. s. d.

--8

- 9

- 7i

- ioi

- n

- 9i

- 20

1

6

Si

--6

--5i

CAP. XL.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Vice-Admiral Sir John Thomas " Duckworth, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the JBath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

[5th May 1806 ]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to signify Your Desire of conferring a signal Mark of Your Favour and Approbation on Vice-Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in co'nsequence of the ' eminent Services rendered by him in the Engagement with a French Squadron on the Sixth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six, when the Whole of the Line of Battle Ships belonging to the said Squadron were taken or destroyed, and the Valour and Skill displayed by him on that Ogcasion, and that, for that Puroofe, an Annuity of One thousand Pounds should be granted to the said Sir John Thomas Duckworth,

during the TerAi of his natural Life/ &c,

His Majesty empowered to grant to Sir John Thomas Duckworth for Life an Annuity of 1000l. to commence from February 6, 1806, payable Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund of G. B. f 1. — Free from Fees and Taxes, " §2, 3.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[5th May 1806.]

Treasury empowered to raise 3, 000, 000l. by Loans and Exchequer Bills as under the Malt Ad (c. 2, ) of this M Session, " $ i. 2.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per jinnum, from the Fifth Day of jtpril One thousand eight hundred and six, upon or in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Exchequer Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the

2 Expiration

+6* GEORGII III. C. 41, 42. 62 5

Expiration of Six Months frO'm'the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, received or taken, or pafj not be received be current, to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain, of the Custo'ms, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, in Payment at

Aid, or Tax whatsoever, due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the [>efore

Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Cor- Months from porate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the same the Ratification shall be in due Course or Order of Payment before the Expiration of the said Period 5 nor shall any such Re- of a Definitive ceiver or Collector Exchange at any Time, before the Expiration of the said Period, for any Money of such1*reaty ot P03*-Revenues, Aida, Taxes, or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for A£ion thill n<

neglecting or refusing to exchange such Bill or Bills for ready Money before the Expiration of the said Period; 1, c for Rcfufol u£ any Thing in the said first recited Act made in this present Session of Parliament, or this Act, contained to the paymcnu contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills shall be, and are hereby charged and 2afl

1.

The said Bills not duly paid o; shall bear an Inrereft of 5 pec Cent.

When the 3 per

Cent- Contois

chargeable upon, and shall be repaid by and out of the First Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Par- out Of the Fifft Lament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Supplies in next Session.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Provision shall not be made by Parliament, for Payment of the Exchequer Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act. so that the same shall be fully paid and discharged on or before the Expiration of Six Months from the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, then and in that Case the said Exchequer Bills, or such Part thereof as shall then remaiji unpaid, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said Period, bear an Interest of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and belt further enacted, That in case at any Time previous to the Expiration of Six Months from the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Con- «...«>. folidated Bank Annuities, shall be Eighty Pou ids per Centum or more, the Whole of the Exchequer Bills to be or mor? granted in pursuance of this Act, shall become due and payable in like Manrter as if the said Period had expired: the said Bills (bait and in case Payment thereof shall not be provided for by Parliament, the said Exchequer Bills, together with all become pay-Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be arid are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be able>

repaid or borne by or out of any of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year, in which the Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities shall be Eighty Pounds per Centum or more as aforesaid; and in cate sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted by Parliament, then all the said Exchequer Bills with the Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as shall then be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer arising from the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as shall be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf), and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging such Exchequer Bills and Charges until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Holders or Proprietors thereof.

Bank of England authorized to advance 3, 000, 000l. on the Credit of this Act/' j 8.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coast-wife within Great Britain.

[5th May 1806 ]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies to defray the Expences of the just and necessary War in which Your Majesty is engaged; have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty the several additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly

beseechYour Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of May One thousand J

eight hundred and six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- and

cessors, in ready Money, (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares, CuXms Tn^or Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain, from Parts beyond the Seas (except Sugar), and upon Tables A. and Good?, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain; and upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize B. annexed brought or carried Coastwise or from Port to Port within Great Britain; the several additional Duties of Customs bc

as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed markednd

(A.) and (B.); and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Cuf- (excepton

toms, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Tables marked Sugir).

( A.) and (B): any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding

Duties and Drawbacks on Sugar shall be paid and allowed, from 1st June 1&C&" $ 2.

46 Geo. III. 4 L HI. Provided

6a6

Said Duties not chargeable on terrain Ai tides, nor on the Pioducc of Duties under 43 O. 3. c. 70. [&44C. 3 & 45 G. c. 29. /ire Table A ]

Duties on Goods imported Ly the £ail India Company according to Schedule B. (Cotton-Wool, Tea, and vVine excepted), &c.

Goods in Ware-house liable.

Additional Bounty on Exportation of refined Sugar,

15 1. per Cent.

n Amount of former Bounties (except an additional Bounty under 43 G. 3. c. 70. See affo 46C?. 3. f. 209.)

Time of Exportation on additional Bounty.

When the Aveiage Price of Brown Sugar (ascertained under 32 G. 3. c. 43)at certain Periods shall be below certain Sums, the Treasury empowered to suspend Payment of Doty in Manner

herein

mentioned.

C. 42. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the additional Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall not be charged or payable on any Cotton Wool, Wine, Tea, or Tobacco 5 or on any Fir Timber Eight Inches Square*nd not exceeding Ten Inches Square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence j not* any Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length and not above Ten Feet in Length, and not exceeding One Inch and an Half in Thickness 5 nor on the Produce and Amount of the additions Duties of Customs, granted by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize* and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

" Duties shall be charged on Goods (except from the East Indies) not entered before May 10, 1806, unless the " Duties shall have been secured by Bond, §4. 5. — Duties shall be chargeable on Goods warehoused on or u before May 10, 1806, but shall not be payable till taken out of Warehouse, " §6,

VII. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties of Customs granted by this Act upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajfi Indies, as the same are described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked f B.), shall be due and payable upon all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, (Cotton Wool, Tea, and Wine excepted, ) as shall, from and after the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and six, be sold at the publick Sales of the said Company, and shall be paid or secured in such Manner and at such Times, and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Rest rift ions, as are prescribed and directed with respect to the Payment of any former Duties of Customs upon such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively: Provided also, that the said additional Duties of Customs shall be due and payable on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported by the said United Company, which shall remain in the Warehouse of the said Company on the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight Hundred and fix, and which shall not have been sold at the publick Sales of the said Company, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize may have been imported into Great Britain before the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and six.

" Duties under this Act may be secured by Bond, as former Duties,1 §8.

IX. And whereas it is expedient on Account of the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Sugar imported

into Great Britain, that an additional Bounty should be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain

of refined Sugar, produced from Sugar of the British Plantations, or from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and on which Sugar the Duties of Customs payable

thereon at the Time of the Importation thereof shall have been duly paid; be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Great Britain of any such refined Sugar, and which shall have been prepared from Sugar on which the Duties of Customs payable at the Time of the Importation of such Sugar shall have been duly paid, an additional Bounty to be calculated at and after the Rate of Fifteen Pound* for every One hundred Pounds in Money, on the Produce and Amount of whatever Bounty may be due and payable on any such refined Sugar respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the Exportation thereof, exclusive of the Produce and Amount of the additional Bounty on such Sugar granted by an Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty* during the present War and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Import ati n and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; Provided always, that the additional Bounty by this Act granted shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar which shall be entered for Exportation before the Fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, and that the said additional Bounty shall not he paid or allowed on any refined Sugar which shall not have been actually shipped for Exportation within Six Weeks after the Expiration of this present Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by Notice in the London Gazette, in Manner directed by an Act pafleil in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda J1/lands in Foreign Ships, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, taken in Manner directed by the said last recited Act, for the Six Weeks preceding the First Day of June, or for the Two Months preceding the First Day of August, or for the Two Months preceding the First Day of Odder next after the passing of this Act, or for the Four Months preceding the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of May, and the Fifth Day of September respectively in- every succeeding Year, shall be below Forty-nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized to suspend until the Publication in the Gazette as aforesaid, of the Average Prices of the succeeding Four Months, the Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Sugar by this Act granted; and if such Average Prices shall be below Forty-eight "hillings, then Two Shillings of the said Duty; and if such Average Prices shall be below Forty-seven Shillings, then the Whole of such Duty; and to continue any such Suspension it such Average Prices so published shall Hill remain below such Sums of Forty-nine Shillings, Forty-eight Shillings, or Forty-seven Shillings the Hundred Weight respectively, or to alter the Amount of any such Suspension of Duty, according to such Average Prices as aforesaid; and so from Time to Time so long as such Average Prices of Sugar shall continue to be below such respective Prices the Hundred Weight as aforesaid; and to take off such Suspension when such Average Prices so published shall be above Forty-nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, and again in like Manner to suspend the fame, and every such Suspension, and also every Alteration or Termination of any such Suspension, shall be

published

A.D. 1805« 46° GEORGII III. C. 42. 627

published Three Times in the Ltndtn Gazelle, immediately after every such Suspension or Alteration, or Termination thereof.

This Act shall not affect the Acts of Union of Great Britain and Ireland, &c. §11.

XII. And whereas an additional Duty of Customs on Sugar imported into Great Britain is by this Act im- from Jane 1,

posed: And whereas it is just and reasonable in respect thereof, and pursuant to the Provisions contained in the 1806» t!ic 4 Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that additional Duties of Customs should be charged on all re- ctfjnurvLiin fined Sugars being of the Manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, sufficient to coun- DuiWfpcL ififd tervail the additional Duty an the Raw Material by this Act imposed; be it therefore enacted, That, [ from and in Table (C)after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred And fix, there shall be charged on any refined Sugar, shall i»e charged being of the Manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, the several additional Coun- rehne4j

tervailing Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Table j.^f, G, 7at^hereunto annexed marked (C.) Britain.

44' Such Countervailing Duties shall be levied as former Countervailing Duties, §13.-From June r, 1806, additional Drawbacks or Bounties specified in Table (D.) shall be allowed on British refined Sugar exported to Ireland, §14. — Such additional Bounty shall not be paid on Sugar entered for Exportation to Ireland before July 14, 1806, &c. or after Six Weeks from Expiration of this Act, §15. — Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs, §16. — Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and paid as former Duties and Drawbacks, §17. — Separate Accounts of the Amount of Duties under this Act shall be kept,

and the Money applied to Service of the Year 1806, or any subsequent Year, §18. — Limitation of Actions Three Months; General I flue; Treble Costs, §19.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act shall continue in force during the pre- Continuance of lent War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. Duties.

t Act may be altered this Session, §21.

TABLES referred to in this Act.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumeratedor described, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

And of Additional Duties of Customs payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or described.

Also of Additional Duties of Customs, payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain.

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Sugar, for every £100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein-ufter mentioned, an additional I. x. d. /. d.

Duty of - - - All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for every/*ico of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein- 0 0 15 O

after mentioned), an additional Duty of - 8 6 8 O O O

Except Cotton Wool,

Tobacco,

Wine,

Wood, viz.

- Deals above Seven Inches in Width, being Eight Feet in Length, and not above Ten Feet in Length,

and not exceeding One and an Half Inch in Thickness.

«- — Fir Timber, being Eight Inches Square, and not exceeding Ten Inches Square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence.

Thele additional Duties are not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act 43 G. 3. c. 70. for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vesselfr in Great Britain or by an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of Jiis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during ^qm 3. c, the present War, and for Six-Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and

f L 2 Merchandize

45 O. 3.

43G-3-

43 O.

44 O.

45 G.

Merchandize Into Great Britain, and on Goods Wares and Merchandize, brought or carried

Coastwise within Great Britain or by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried Coastwise."

See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

c. 70.

OUTWARDS.

Duty.

Good?, Wares, and Merchandize, not being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, for every £ico of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable on the Exportation thereof, (except as herein after mentioned), an additional Duty of -

Coals, for every £too of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable on the Exportation thereof (except asriie rein-after mentioned; , an additional Duty of

£. /. d.

8 6 Sr 8 6 8

These additional Duties are not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.".

COASTWISE. Duty.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, from Port to Port within Great Britain, for every yTico of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein after mentioned), an additional Duty of t, ' J-8 6*

C. 70.

c. 53.

> c. j9.

Note.

Coals, viz.

- used for smelting Copper and Tin Ones witbfn the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for the draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper, within the County of Cornwall.

This additional Duty on such Coals shall be repaid in like Manner, as the other Duties on Coals fa u£ed; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which those Duties shall be fa repaid, fee9 Ann. Cap. 6. — 14 G. 2. Cap. 41. used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle.

This additional Duty on Coals so used shall be repaid in like Manner as the other Duties on such Coals are directed to be allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament \yhatever; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which those Duties shall be so repaid, fee 26 G. 3. Cap. 104.

- used for any Purpose relating to carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates, and for other Purposes at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Penny gored Works.

This additional Duty on Coals so uled shall be repaid, under the Conditions, Regulations* Limitations, and Restrictions, directed by 35 G. 3. Cap. 39. and 43 G. 3. Cap. 70.

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shipped Coastwise, at any port inr Great Britain, and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid.

This additional Duty on such Cinders, Coals, and Culm, shall be repaid in like Manner as the other

Duties on Cinders, Coals, and Culm, so shipped and delivered; and for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the said Duties shall be so repaid, fee 25 G. 3. Cap. 54.

This additional Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port in Great Britain, is not to be charged on the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act of the r orty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain or by an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, M An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, -brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain 5" or by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into, or brought or parried Coastwise.

j TABLE (B.J

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 42, 43. 629

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of additional Duties of Customs payable on ibe Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.*'

Sugar the Hundred Weight an additional Duty of -

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, for every jT 100 of the Produce and Amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon, (except as herein after mentioned, an additional Duty of

Duty. Drawback.

£ d L d*

040 040

8 6 8 00a

Except Cotton Woor,

Tea,

Wine.

These additional Duties are not to be chargedon the Produce and Amount of the additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act, of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act 43 G. 3. c. 70^ for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain or by an Act, of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty, during 44 q, 3 c

I. the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive

Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Warts, and Merchandize*into Great Britain, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within /

Great Britain or by an Act of the last Session of Parliament^ intituled, "An Act for granting to 45 Q, ^c# His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried Coastwise99

See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of additional Countervailing Duties of Customs payable on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.

Sugar refined, viz.

- Bastards, whole or ground, the Hundred TOrigKt i

- Lumps, the Hundred Weight

--Single Loaf, the Hundred Weight

- Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the Hundred Weight Sugar Candy, viz.

- Brown, the Hundred Weight -

- White* the Hundred Weight -

Sugar refined, of any other Sort, the Hundred Weight -

Duty.

£ '

O 3 0*

- 0 5 7*

- / 0 6 0

- 065

- 0 5 7*

- 065

- 065

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of additional Drawbacks or Bounties* to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland.

{The Articles, and the Amount of Drawback or Bounty, art- precisely the fume as the Articles and Amount of Duty

in Schedule C. preceding,]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Apprarfements and on Licences to Appraisers in Great Britain, '[5th May 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty^ most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, and making such permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue as shall be adequate

4.6» GEORGII III.

Stamp Duties on

Appraisements where Amount docs not exceccd 50l. 2$. 6d.

50l. iool. 5s. 100l. 200l. 10s. iool. 500l. 15s. Exceeding 500l. 201.

Licences to Appraisers, 6s.

Personi apprais-ing Property for Hire, to be deemed Appraisers.

Appraisers shall take out annual Licences, from 5th July, to be granted by Comm iffioners vf Sumps, ice.

Penalty on un-licensed Per suns appraising, 50l.

An Pioneer* duly licensed, may act as Appraisers without Licence.

Appraisers shall write Appraise-ments on Paper duly damped, Penalty 50l.

Persons shall oat receiveAppraife-ments unless duly damped. JPenalty 20l.

Appraisements extending to more than one Piece of Paper, liable only to ne Stamp. Exempt ion for Appraisements under Order of Admiralty Courts, Sec.

C. 43.

A.D. 1806.

to the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be raised or Stock to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts for that Purpose to be passed in this Session of Parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to, give and grant Unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, there shall be paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper upon which any Valuation or Appraisement, or th'e Amount of any Valuation or Appraisement of any Estate, Property, or Effects Real or Personal, or of any Interest in Possession or ReveHion, Remainder or Contingency in any Estate or Property Real or Personal, shall be written or set down in Figures where the Amount of such Valuation or Appraisement shall not exceed Fifty Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and where the same shall exceed ^ifty Pounds s^nd not exceed One hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings; and where the same shall exceed One hundred Pounds and not exceed Two hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings; and where the same shall exceed Two hundred Pounds and not exceed Five hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Fifteen Shillings; and where the same shall exceed Five hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings; and upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper whereon any Licence of any Appraiser shall be written or printed, a Stamp Duty of Six Shillings.

Said Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps. §2.^ — Powers of former Acts relating to Stamp Duries extended to this Act. §3."

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall value or appraise any Estate or Property Real or Personal, or any Interest in Possession or Reversion, Remainder, or Contingency in any Estate or Property Real or Personal, or any Goods, Merchandize, or Effects of whatsoever Kind or Description the same may be, for or in Expectation of any Hire, Gain, Fee, or Reward or valuable Consideration to be therefore paid him, shall be deemed and taken to be an Appraiser within the Provisions of this Act to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall exercise the Calling or Occupation of an Appraiser, or aft as such within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, without taking out a Licence in Manner herein after mentioned, and every such Licence mail date the true Name, and Place of Abode of the Person taking out the fame; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or for any Person duly authorized by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to grant such Licences; and every such Licence issued between the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of Augujlvsx any Year shall bear Date on the Sixth Day of July; and every such Licence issued at any other Time, shall bear Date the Day on which the same shall be issued; and every such Licence shall continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof until the Fifth Day of July then next following.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, no Person shall appraise or value any Estate or Property, or Effects Real or Personal, or any Interest in Possession or Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy in any Estate or Property Real or Personal for or in Expectation of Hire or Reward without being so licensed as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be duly licensed according ta Law to act as Audi ioneers shall and may act as Appraisen, without taking out any other Licence in pursuance of this Act, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Appraiser shall write or set down in Words or Figures every Valuation or Appraisement made by him, or any Person for him, and the full Amount thereof, and withia Fourteen Days after the making thereof, deliver the same to his Employer so written or set down upon Vellum, Parchment, or.Paper duly stamped according to the Provisions of this Act, on Pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein, or foi delivering any Valuation or Appraisement, or the Amount of any Valuation or Appraisement, on any Vellum, Parchment, qr Paper not duly stamped as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall employ any Appraiser to make any Appraisement or Valuation as aforesaid shall receive, #r take, or pay, or make any Compensation for the making of any such Appraisement or Valuation as aforesaid, unless the same shall be written or set down in Words or Figures upon Vellym, Parchment, or Paper duly stamped according to the Provisions of this Act, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, shall extend or bo construed to require any Stamp upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon shall be written or set down any Valuation or Appraisement extending to more than One Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, other than and except the Piece upon which the aggregate Amount of the Value of the Articles contained in such Valuation or Appraisement shall be written or let down.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with any Stamp Duty any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which any Valuation or Appraisement made in pursuance of any Order of any Court of Admiralty, Vice Admiralty, or any Court of Appeal, from any Sentence, Adjudication, or Judgement of such Court, shall be written or set down.

Duties shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund. §12. — Separate Accounts of Duties shall be kept a/id 44 annually laid before Parlisunent, and the Amount applied to the Charge of any Loan of this Session.^13."

2 \ CAP.

A.D. 1806 46° GEORGII III. C. 44, 45. 631

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, the Duties on Wine granted by Two Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty.

[5th May 1806.]

n Recital of 45 G, 3. c. 45. whereby the Duties of Excise on Wine under 43 G. 3. c. 8r. and 44 G. 3. c. 49. 44 were made perpetual. Duties arising by the recited Act shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund. §1. — - Accounts of the Duties shall be kept and annually laid before Parliament, and the Amount applied to the u Charge of any Loan of this Session. §2,

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of the Treasurer of Ordnance.

[5 th May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Regulations by Law established in the Offices of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and of the Treasurer of His Majesty'fe Navy, for the lffuing and Payment of Publick Monies required for Army and Navy Services, have been found bentficiai; and it is expedient that Regulations for the like Purposes should be established, by Law, in the Office of the Treasurer of the Ordnance; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Board of Ordnance, in every Memorial to be by them* presented to the Treasury, for Money for Ordnance Services, shall pray that such Sum as shall be so required may Le issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, specifying in every such Memorial the Sum required, and for what particular Service or Services, and also specifying therein the Sum total of the General Balance of Publick Money on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance remaining unapplied in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and also dating in every such Memorial the Amount of the Assignments upon such Balance that are then outstanding 5 and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by their Letter, from Time to Time shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, naming such Treasurer for the Time being, the Sum for which such Letter shall be drawn upon the unsatisfied Order at the Exchequer in favour of the said Treasurer; for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all Sums for-which such Letters of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be drawn, shall be issued to the said Governor and Company in like Manner as they have heretofore been issued to the Treasurer of the Ordnance 5 and all such Monies so to be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be entitled, 44 The Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Ordnance, " inferring the Name of such Treasurer for the Time being.

Quly Customary Fees to be paid at the Exchequer and Treasury. §2."

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, by himself or his Deputy, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, make Payment on all Imprefts and Debentures ordered for Payment by the Board of Ordnance, (except such as shall be issued for the Pay and Allowances to the Officers and Persons employed in the Service of the Board of Ordnance, subject to any Deductions for Duties or otherwise), by Drafts on the Bank of England, according to a Form of Draft hereafter to be agreed upon between the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury and thr Governor and Directors of the Bank of England, and dating therein whether the same are for the Payment of Impreftsj or Debentures, or both, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the said Treasurer or his Deputy shall not have Power and Authority to draw on the said Bank of Englandx for the Payment of the total Amount of the Imprefts and Debentures which shall at any Time be ordered for Payment by the Board of Ordnance, but for the Amount of such Imprefts and Debentures only as shall be actually presented for Payment to the said Treasurer: Provided also, that every of the said Drafts shall have Figures inserted in the Margin thereof, corresponding to the Page in the Books kept by the said Treasurer wherein the Entry shall be made, of the particular Items or Charges composing the Amount of any Imprest or Imprefts, Debenture or Debentures, for the Payment whereof such Draft shall be given.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Board of Ordnance, from Time to Time to authorize and empower the said Treasurer or his Deputy to draw on the Bank of England, for such Sums as the said Board shall deem proper, for the Payment of Salaries and Allowances, subject to Deductions for Duties or otherwise as aforesaid, to the Officers of the said Board, and Persons employed under their Direction or Authority, and for such Sums as shall be necessary for Payments on his petty Account; and the said Treasurer or his Deputy is hereby directed to draw distinct and separate Drafts for each of the said Services, and to keep a separate Account thereof, and to state to the Board of Ordnance in his Applications for Leave to draw on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on account of the said Services, the Balance remaining in his Hands on account of each of the said Services respectively; which Sums when issued by the Bank of England to the said Treasurer or his Deputy, shall be deposited by him in his Office at the Tower of London, or at such other Place or Places as the said Board of Ordnance shall direct, and shall not on any Account be withdrawn from thence, but for the actual Discharge of the Salaries, Allowances, and petty Payments aforesaid.

Board of Ordrtance irr Memotials to the 'J reasury shall specify the Sum required, the particular Ser* vice, the total Balance inHand, See. and the Sum required shall be issued t» the Bank, and put to the Account of the Boaid.

The Treasurer of the Ordnance or hi» Deputy (h*U make all Payment* hv Draft! on the Bank, according to certain Form*. Treasurer shall draw only for Impresss, &c. actually pie-fented for Payment.

Diafrs shall be numbered.

Board of Oidnance shall direct the Trca-furer to draw on the Bark for Salariet and Allowances to Officers, and oa his pctiy Account.

Tirafurer shall keep fcp.itate Accounts, and apply 1 he Money accordingly.

632 C. 45, 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Treasurer of the O.dnance shall pjy into the Bank. a!) Monies scccived by him.

Draft! drawn, agreeable to this Actfc sufficient Authority for the Bank to pay them.

On Death or Removal of the Treasurer, the Balance in the B ink. shall vest in Sircecffx.

Treasurer flnll keep Account with the Bank,

& c.

Penalty on Forging Drafts, &c. of Treastucr of Ordnance, &c. Felonywilhout Clergy.

Provision* of this Act extended to Money issued from the Itish'Exchequer for the Ordnance Service there.

V. And be it farther enacted, That all Sums of Money received by the said Treasurer for the Service, or ok Account of the Ordnance, shall be immediately paid by him into the Bank of England, and placed to hi* Account there in Manner aforesaid; and such Money shall be issued, paid, and applied in such and the like Manner, and under the same Regulations and Restrictions, as the Money to be issued from the Exchequer for Ordnance Services is herein directed to be issued, paid, and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to the Directions of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to render the Bank of England accountable for or on Account of any Omission or Mistake in relation to any Figure required by this Act to be inserted in the Margin of any such Drafts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal, of the present and of every other Treasurer of the Ordnance hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account, as Treasurer with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor in Trust for the Service of the Ordnance, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts as aforesaid; and the Board of Ordnance shall, and they are hereby directed and required to forn^their Memorials and Requisitions to the Treasury 5 and the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to issue his Drafts as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of the Ordnance Services, although the same shall have accrued in the Time of any former Treasurer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank, of all Monies issued on his Account for the Service of the Ordnance } and the said Treasurer, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall not actually receive; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them for the Service of the Ordnance.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand of the Treasurer of the Ordnance for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance; or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing in form of a Draft, made by such Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy, or the PeTon or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or publifti any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That ail Monies which shall be issued from the Exchequer of Ireland\ or received by the Treasurer of the Ordnance or his Deputy, in Ireland, for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance, shall be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Monies issued by the Auditor of the Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on Account of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, are made liable to by the Provisiojis of this Act.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session." §11,

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

[23d May 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \\7 Your Majesty*6 most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous tp raise the necessary Supplies which we have chearfully and voluntarily granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Treasury Bills in Ireland in Manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted, See.

Irt/bTreasury empowered to issue Bills bearing 5per Cr/i/interest, not exceeding500, 0001.Irishin Amount. §1, 2. 4' — Bills, if not paid off, shall be taken in Payment of the Revenue in Ireland, af ter such Time as the Treasury shall appoint, and Interest shall then cease. §3, 4. — Money shall be carried to the/r^& Consolidated Fund. §5. u — Bills charged on the Supplies of next Session, or on Irish Consolidated Fund. §6. — Baukof Ireland may A advance the Sum of 500, 000l. on the Credit of this Act." §. 7.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 47 — 51. 633

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities or Debentures for the Service of Ireland.

[23d May 1806.]

Sum to be raised 2, 000, 000l. Irish Currency 5 Contributors for every 100 /. Irish shall be entitled to the Prin-" cipal Sum of 139 /. in the 3\per Cent. Annities, to commence from 25th December 1805, or at their Option to u Debentures for 139l. bearing a like Interest, $ i. &c. — Annuities and Interest payable half-yearly, §4. — Persona u forging Receipts or Debentures guilty of Felony without Clergy, §18.

CAP. XL VIII.

An Act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punshing Mutiny and Deserti<m> and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the glands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

[23d May 1806.*]

M 46 G. 3. c. iy. recited, and continued in Great Britain till June 25, 1806; in Ireland till July 1, 1806; and iit " Jersey^ &c. till August 1, 1806, §1. — Articles of War to continue in force in like Manner, §2. —

4$ G. 3* c. 66.

CAP. XLDL

An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Moneys and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Cous* 16 G. 3. c. 4?* of Admiralty in shat Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh; for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof 5 and for regulating the Appointment of the fata Judges; it is enacted that, in lieu of all Fees and Perquisites theretofore 4a use to be paid to or exacted by or for the Judge of the said Court, the said Judge should be entitled to and re* ceive a yearly Salary amounting to the Sum of Four hundred Pounds Sterling, payable in the same Form and upon the same Establishment as the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, are paid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas by the said Act it is further enacted, that, in lieu of Sentence Money theretofore in use, as well as for the better Provision of the said Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh, they should be entitled to and receive the Sum of One hundred founds Sterling each of Salary payable in the fajne Form and upon the same Establishment as the said Salaries of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, are paid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And whereas from the Encrease of the Budness in the said Courts as well as from the encreased Expence of Living, the said Salaries, authori/.ed to be paid to the Judges thereof, have become altogether inadequate May it therefor* please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in Addition to the Salary at present payable to the Judge of Additional the said Court of Admiralty in Scotland, there shall be paid and payable to him, and to his Successors in Office, ?alaJ^ the Sum of Four hundred Pounds Sterling yearly; and in Addition to the Salary at present "paid to each of the the*

Judges of the said Commissary Court in Edinburgh, there shall be paid and payable to each of them, and each of Court of their Successors in Office, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds yearly; both which Additions to the Sa- Admiralty in laries of the said Judges of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland and of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh respect Scotland; sod tively, shall begin and be payable from the Twenty-fourth Day of June which was in the Year of our Lord One eacVof the thousand eight hundred and five, and shall continue to be payable in all Time thereafter in the same Form and upon jQdgei of the the same Establishment as the Salaries granted to the said Judges by the said in Part recited Act are thereby Commissary made payable. Court at Edinburgh, shall be paid from Midfumer 1805.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several additional Salaries hereby granted, as well All such Salaries as the respective Salaries granted by the said recited Act, shall be paid to the several Persons entitled thereto,* Pa, d without any Fee pr other Deduction whatsoever. Deduaioo.

CAP. L.

An Act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited.

[23d May 1806.]

49 38 G. 3. c. 21. recited. — The Annuity granted by recited Act shall go and be extended and paid to the Two " next Persons on whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent shall defeena, after the Death of the said John Earl 4* St. Vincentf for their natural Lives, §1. — Extended Annuity shall be charged, secured, and paid in the same u Manner, and under the same Regulations, as the former Annuity, §2.

CAP. LI.

An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years respectively of H?s present Majesty's Reign, for the raising and establishing an additional Force for the Defence of thfc Realm.' [23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*v An Act to enable His Majesty more elseQvally to raise and assemble in England an additional Military Fora 43 Q. j, e. ga

46 Geo. III. 4 M*for

43G-3-3-

4+G. 3. c. 56.

44 G. 3. c. 66.

Ucctted AdU repealed, xcfpt the Rccovciyuf Ai rears of Fines, &c. in Hands of Subdivision Clerks, &c.

Except also as

to Relief to Families of Men serving under recited Acts of 43 G. 3.

Fmej p-tid into the H ink 01 to Receivrr General for Men not found, will be repaid to the Treasurers, &c. of the several Counties, &c. and by the Treasurers to the Overseers, &c. of the several Parishes under Direction of the Session, or of Three Justicei.

Applieation of Money so repaid.

[See mlfoc. 119. of tkii Session ]

C. 51, 52. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

for the letter Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigor cut Prosecution of the War: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of'oreiaid, intituled, an Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and cfftmblc an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence end Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War: And whereas an Act passed in the Forty-« fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the militia of England: And whereas another Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year

aforesaid, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of tlye.

Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Ma]cfyys Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said several Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; Save and except as to the Recovering and Payment of any Arrears of Fines or any Half Parts or Residues of any Sums of Money paid by or on Account of any Person ballotted to serve in the Militia, or the additional Force raised or required to be raised under the said Acts passed in the Forty-third Year aforesaid, remaining in the Hands of any Clerks of Subdivisions, or of any other Person or Persons whatever, and also save and except as to the Payment of the Charges and Expences of Clerks and other Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution, and also as to all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating thereto respectively.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to repeal any Thing in the said Acts of the Forty-third Year aforesaid contained, in relation to any Relief to be granted to the Wives or Families of Corporals or Private Men, raised and enrolled to serve under the said Acts of the Forty-third Year aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That, within One Month after the passing of this Act, the several Sums of Money which shall have been paid under the said Acts of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, into the Bank of England, for and in respect of Fines for Men not found pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts, and which shall not have been repaid under the said Acts for Men found after Fines shall have accrued, shall be repaid to the Treasurers in England, and Collectors of the Cefs in Scotland, of the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Divisions, Cities, Towns, or Places having paid the fame; and all Sums of Money which shall have been paid in respect of any such Fines, by any such Treasurer to any Receiver General in England, which shall not have been paid into the Bank, shall, within Fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, be repaid by such Receivers General in England to such Treasurers respectively; and the Justices of the Peace; assembled at their respective Quarter Sessions of the Peace next succeeding the passing of this Act, shall and they are hereby required to cause the several Sums of Money so repaid to the respective Treasurets or Collectors of the respective

Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Divisions, Cities, Towns, or Places, to be repaid to the Overseers of the Poor, or proper Officers of the respective Parirties, Township, Ty things, and Places, and united Parishes and extra-parochial Places, by which the same shall have been paid: Provided always, that in every Case in which any fuels Justices cannot repay or complete the Regulation? and make the proper Orders for the Repayment of such Money at such Quarter Sessions, it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Past of them so assembled, at any Quarter Sessions, to appoint any Three or more Justices to order, direct, and superintend the Repayment of such Fines; and the Order of such Persons shall be binding on the Treasurer or Collector of the County, Riding, Stewartry, Division, City, Town, or Place for which they shall be appointed to act, and shall be a sufficient Discharge to him in his Accounts. v

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sums so repaid in England shall be carried to the Account of the Rates for, and be applied in the Relief of, the Poor of the Parish, Township, Ty thing, or Place, or united Parishes, entitled thereto; and all such Sums so repaid in Scotland shall go and be applied towards the Relief of Families of Militia Men, or the Payment of any Fine or Fines due or which hereafter may become due under any Act relating to the Militia, or to any such other Purpose of or for the Parish or Place entitled thereto, as the Justices of the Peace assembled at the respective Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall direct.

4i Act may be altered or repealed this Session, §5.

CAP. LIL

An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Majesty's Subjects into any Islands, Colonies, Plantations, or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order, made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases), into any of the Settlements*, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slaye Ships from British Ports

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient io prevent the supplying the Islands, Colonies, and Territories, belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power, with Slaves, by or on Account of any of His Majesty's

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 52.

Subjects, or by Means of their Ships, Capital, or Credit; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave*4 Ships from British Ports: And whereas His Majesty by His Order in Council, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day

of Jiugufl One thousand eight hundred and five, was pleased to order, 44 That it should not be lawful, except

by special Licence as therein mentioned, for any Slave or Slaves to be landed upon any of the Coast s, or imported or brought into any of the Ports, Harbours, Creeks, or Roads, or within the Limits, Jurisdictions, and Territories of any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on the Continent of America^ or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, until further

Order, upon Pain that all Slaves so landed or brought contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of that Order, together with the Vessels bringing in the fame, or from which the same should be landed, and their Cargoes,

should become forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; but the said Order recited, that it might be expedient to permit the Annual Introduction of a limited Number of Slaves under due Regulations, for the Purpose of supplying any Waste that should take place in the Population on particular Estates, from extraordinary or unavoidable Causes, and thereby of keeping up the Cultivation of the Lands already cleared

and cultivated; and it was therefore further ordered, that any Number of Slaves, not exceeding Three for every Hundred of the whole Number of Slaves in the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, and Plantations respectively (Returns whereof were to be made from Time to Time, in pursuance of instructions to be transmitted by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State), might be imported in each Year (provided Casualties to that Extent should appear to have taken place in the preceding Year), under Licences to be previously granted by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, and Plantations, from any other of His Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies,

into the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, and Plantations; such Licence, or a Copy thereof, to be produced by the Master of the Ship on which such Slaves are laden, as his Authority for having Slaves on boaid

destined to the said Settlement, Islands, Colonies, and Plantations: Provided always, that until the First Day

of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, such limited Importation might be made from other Places ' than his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies as aforesaid, and without its being necessary for the Master of the

Vessel, if met with at Sea, to produce the said Licence, or a Copy thereof, as his Authority for having the Slaves destined as aforesaid on board, butsubject nevertheless to such Licence being first had and obtained as

aforesaid, before any Slaves should be permitted to be landed or sold from such Vessel in any of the said Settle ments: And, after further reciting that special Instructions would be immediately transmitted by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Officers administering the

Government of the said Colonies, Settlements, and Plantations respectively, containing the Regulations proper for carrying that Order into effectual Execution, directing and empowering them to grant Licences for the Importation of such limited Number of Slaves as aforesaid, subject to such Regulations as in the said Inuructions would be provided, it was thereby declared to be His Majesty's further Order, that such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Officer as aforesaid, should be, and they thereby were respectively authorized

and empowered to grant such Licences, upon such Terms and Conditions, and subject to such Regulations as, in conformity to and in furtherance of the Object of such Instructions, might from Time to Time be required:

And it was thereby further ordered, that the Prohibition therein before contained should not extend to prevent the importing or landing of any Slaves which should be imported into the said Colonies, Islands, and Plantations,

4 by Licence first had for importing the same under the Hand and Seal of His Majesty's Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of the Colony, Settlements, or Plantations into which the said Slaves are to be imported, specifying the Ship or Vessel permitted to import the fame, in

Conformity with the Instructions to be received from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as

aforesaid, but that all Slates, e\cept such Slaves as may form Part of the Crew of any Vessel?, or may be Household Servants to the Passengers therein, which should be landed without such Licence as aforesaid, and without conforming to such Regulations as should be contained therein, should, together with the Vessels bringing the same, or from which the same should be landed, and their Cargoes, become forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and in case any Vessel should contain more Slaves than the Number

permitted to be imported in such Vessel by any such Licence or Licences, such Number of the most valuable of the Slaves on board such Vessel (other than such Slaves as might form Part of the Crew of such Vessel, or

might be Household Servants to the Passengers) as should be equal to the Excel's beyond the Number mentioned in such Licence or Licences, should be forfeited to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and should be selected and disposed of in such Manner as might be in that Behalf diretfted by any Instructions from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be given to the respective Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or other Officers administering the Government of such Colonies, Settlements, and Plantations as aforesaid And it was thereby further ordered and provided, that nothing therein contained should be extended or construed to extend to the landing, importing, or bringing in of any Slave or Slaves from or by any Vessel

which by Stress of Weather or by any other Penl should be driven on the Coast of any such Colonies, Settlements, or Plantations, or compelled to take refuge on such Coast, or within the Creeks and Harbours of such

Colonies, Settlements, or Plantations, provided the Slave or Slaves which should be so imported, landed, or

brought in as last aforesaid, should be exported to some Place or Places, other than any of the Colonies,

Settlements, or Plantations to which the said Order applied, within Ten Day3 from the Importation, landing,

4 or bringing in of the fame, unless further detained by Stress of Weather, or provided the same should within such Ten Days be sold under the special Licence of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of the Colony, Settlement, or Plantation where such Slaves might be, to such Person or Persons as under the Circumstances of his, her, or their Ctffes (which Circumstance should beinferted

in such special Licence) might at the Date ttereof be entitled to obtain a Licence or Licences to import such

4 M a 4 Numbet

655

Recital of Order

in Council, dated Aug. 15, 1805, for prohibiting the I wpoit ftio* of Slaves into American Colonic* surrendered to His Majesty hi the present War, except under special Licence*.

636 C. 52. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Number of Slaves as he, she, or they should innd by such special Licence or Licences be permitted to purchase: And it was thereby further ordered and declared, that One third of every Forfeiture which should accrue in consequence of that Order to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should be granted to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of the Colony, and One-third ta the Party who should inform and prosecute the fameAnd whereas it is expedient that the Prohibition contained in the said Order of Council should be enforced and rendered more effectual by such auxiliary9Regulations and Remedies as the Authority of His Majesty in Council was inefficient to provide* .May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present From Jan. t, Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of January One Jexcept°iii Case* thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful to export, transport, carry, convey, or fend any Slave afttr mentioned, or Slaves (except in such special Cases as are herein after excepted) from any Part f His Majesty's Dominions /rr§ 13.) shall be to any Island, Settlement, Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Place whatever, belonging to and under the exported from Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power, the Provisions of certain Acts of Parliament made for Domains10* estabhffiing certain Free Ports in the West Indies, or any other Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary not with Foreign Colouie* ^an(ling 5 and ifany Slave or Slaves shall, from and after the Day aforesaid, be so unlawfully exported, transported, or Territoric*. carried, conveyed, or sent, or shall be embarked, put on board, or transfiipped at or from any Part of His Majesty's Dominions with Intent to be so unlawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed, or sent, all and Penalty: every such Slave or Slaves, together with every Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported, transported*

Forfeiture of carried, conveyed, sent, embarked, put on board, or transfiipped, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Slaves and Ships. Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided.

British Subjecti

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said First: Day of January resident in His One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful to or for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Dominion* shall Person or Persons resident within this United Kingdom, or any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions, or Terri* not convey*or be tories thereto belonging, to export, transport, carry, convey, or fend, or cause or procure to be exported, concerned in transported, carried, conveyed, or sent, or in any Manner to aid, abet, or assist in the exporting, transporting, conveying Slaves carrying, conveying, or fending any Slave or Slaves from Africa or elsewhere (except from His Majesty's West or ?n&a Island8* in Inch special Cases as are herein after expressly excepted and provided for) to any Island, (excepV from the Settlement, Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Place whatever, belonging to and under the Dominion of any: XVeft India Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power, or to ffiip, embark, transship, or put on board, or cause or procure to be I (lands in certain embarked, shipped, transshipped, or put on board, or to aid, abet, or assist in the embarking, shipping. Cases. Ste\ 13.) transshipping, or putting on board any Ship or Vessel whatever, at Africa or elsewhere, any Slave or Slave* CuUmiesor (except as aforesaid) with the Intent to the exporting, transporting, carrying, conveying, or fending the fame

Territories! to any ^ch Foreign Island, Settlement, Colony, Plantation, or Territory or Place: And if any Slave or Slave*

Penalty. shall «e so unlawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed, or sent or embarked, shipped, transshipped, or.

Forfeiture of put on board with such unlawful Intent as aforesaid, all and every such Slave or Slaves, and every Ship or Vessel

Slaves and Ships, m which the same shall be so unlawfully exported, transported, carried, conveyed, or sent, or embarked, shipped* transshipped, or put on board, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, so far a* any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident as aforesaid, have or hath any Property, Share, or Interest therein, shall become forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after is. mentioned and provided.

Slaves imported

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be landed upon any of the Coasts, or imported Orderin'0 or krou{>ktnto any Forts, Harbours, Creeks, or Roads, or within the Limits, Jurisdictions, and.

Council* into Territories of any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations 011 the Continent of America, or in the any Settlement West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, without such Special, in America, &c. Licence for landing, importing, and bringing the same, as in and by the said Order in Council is mentioned, to having been previously obtained, contrary to the Prohibitions contained in the 4aid Order, all and every such. Hic*pierent War Slave or Slaves, together with the Ship or Vessel by or from which the same shall be so landed, imported, or shall be forfeited) brought, and all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall become forfeited, and shall and may be. with the Ships, seized, forfeited, and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided.

Slave* ex potted

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be exported from, from or uiccn or embarked, shipped, transshipped, or taken on board any Ship or Vessel whatever, at any Island, Settlement, BrinriTports or Colony, Plantation, or Territory under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or shall be. in British Ships, exported from or embarked, shipped, transshipped, or taken on board at Africa, or on the Coast thereof, or or on Brit ilh*elsewhere, in any British Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel owned or employed in Whole or in Part by any of Account, in His Majesty's Subj.'ds, or for or on account of any of His Majesty's Subjects, in order and with Intent to be Africa or transported, carried, or conveyed to any or either of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on.

!«cm«obT, t l^e Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majestys Arms during

imported imo the Patent War, and to be there imported or landed, without such Special Licence as aforesaid, contrary to amy such the said Order in Council, all and every such Slave and Slaves, together with every Ship or Vessel in or by

surrendered which the same shall be so exported, embarked, shipped, transshipped, or taken on board, and all her Boats,

Settlement, etc. Qun8j Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture shall become forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted a*

with^he°ShiD*herein after is mentioned and provided: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be

Hi»Ma*efl may construed to extend to prevent His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from revoking, annulling, varying, or revoke*or alter altering the said Order in Council, or any of the Regulations or Instructions in regard to Special Licences

Order in therein contained, mentioned, or referred to, as to His Royal Wisdom shall from Time to Time, during the

Council. Continuance of the present War, seem meet. V. And

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 5*. 637

V. And be it further enacted, That if any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within Penalty for this United Kingdom* or any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions, or Territories belonging to, or in the

Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall unlawfully land, import, fend, transport, carry, convey, cwmary w thV. embark, ship, transship, or put or take on board, or cause or procure to be landed, imported, exported, feat, p, .m; >itia»> of transported, carried, conveyed, embarked, shipped, .transshipped, or put or taken on board, or shall be aiding, this Act >r abetting, or assisting in the landfcig, importing, exporting, fending, transporting, carrying, conveyt ig, embarking, Order in Counci shipping, transahipping, or putting or taking on board any Slave or Slaves, contrary to any of the Prohibitions 501, P°r "vc* in the said Order in Council, or in this Act contained, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay for each and every Slave so unlawfully landed, imported, exported, sent, transported, carrier conveyed, embarked, shipped, transshipped, or put or taken on board, the Sum of Fifty Pounds l.ivvful Money of Great Britain: Provided always, , that nc Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred by any landing or importing, Exception for or t ran (shipping or carrying of any Slave or Slaves, contrary to the said Order in Council, or to this Act* when 'refs of it shall be clearly proved to the Satisfaction of the Court, before which any such Forfeiture, or any Sait for any Weather { PeriT such Penalty shall be prosecuted, that the prohibited Act entirely arose from Stress of Weather, Peril of the Sea, the Sc<1' or other inevitable Accident, the Burden of which Proof shall in all Crffes lie on the Claimant or Defendant:

Provided selfb, that nothing in this Act shall extend to prevent the Transportation to any Foreign Colony or and as to Slaves. Place of any Slave or Slaves th it shall have been conw&ed by due Course of Law, in any British Island or Colony, transported as of any Crime to which the Punishment of Transportation is or shall be annexed by the Law of such Island or Convicts to Colony 5 but in every such Case a Copy of the Judgement or Sentence, certified by the Court before which the Offender was convicted, shall be put on board in the Ship or Vessel in which any such Convidl shall Counlncfc be transported.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight British Subject

bundled and seven, it shall not be lawful to or for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or to or for any Person or flw!l <ipt empk>/' Persons resident in this United Kingdom, or in any of the Colonies, Territories, or Dominions thereto Ships,

belonging, to invest or employ any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Ship or Vessel, Goods or Effects to him or|£r

them belonging, in trading in or carrying Slaves from Africa or elsewhere, to any Settlement, Island, Colony, ForcigV Slave Plantation, Territory, or Place belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Trade (except Power, or to any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations which have been surrendered to His special Majesty's krms during the present War (except such limited and licensed Trade to the latter as is by the said-, ceflCC»)*Order in Council, and by this present Act allowed) or knowingly or wilfully to lend or advance any Sum or Sums of Money, or to become Security in any Manner for the Loan or Advance of any Sum or Sums of Money,

Goods or Effects, for the Purpose of being employed or used in any such Trade or Carriage of Slaves, except as aforesaid, pr to become Guarantee or Security for any Factor or Agent to be employed in the Sale of Slaves in or for the Use or Supply of any such Foreign Settlement, Idand, Colony, Plantation, Territonr, or Place, or (except such limited and licensed Trade as aforesaid) in or for the Use or Supply of any of the said Settlements,

Islands, Colonies, or Plantations which have been surrenderecL.to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, or otherwise to engage as a Partner, Factor, Agent, or otherwise, directly or indin; &ly, in the supplying with.

Slaves any such Foreign Idand, Colony* Territory, or Place, or any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations which have been furrenaered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, except as before excepted; upon Pain that every Person or Persons who shall knowingly or wilfully so employ any Ship or Penalty, Dbubler Vessel, Goods or Effects, or so invest, employ, lend, advance, or secure any Sum or Sums of Money for any of the V*lueof the*, the Purposes aforesaid, orb come Guarantee or Security for any such Factor or Agent as aforesaid, or otherwise Capital, &c. To -to engage as Partner, Factor, Agent, or otherwise, in supplying Slaves as aforesaid knowingly and wilfully, empl°y«<k contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Prohibition, shall forfeit or pay for every such Offence Double the Value of all the Money, Ships, Vessels, Goods and Effects so by him or them employed, lent, advanced, or secured, to be recovered and applied as is herein after mentioned and provided 5 and every Mortgage, Bond, Bill, au Securities' Note, or other Security made or given for securing the Payment of any such unlawful Loan or Advance, of* for void, except any other the unlawful Purposes aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void 2 (except in the Case of a bond side »g*inst bon* side. Purchaser or Holder of any such of the said Securities as are in their Nature negociable, who may have purchased' Holder* or obtained the fame, without Notice that the same were made or given for or in Consideration of- any of the unlawful Purposes aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of January One thousand "right (rtfurincet one hundred and seven, if any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within this United1 F, rc*i$k or Kingdom, or within any of the Islands, Colonies, Dominions, or Territories thereunto belonging, shall knowingly

and wilfully insure, or cause or procure to be iniured, any Ship, Vessel, Slaves, Goods, or Commodities whatsoever,; in(j jnfurei shall*

employed or to be employed in the trading in or carrying of Slaves from Africa or elsewhere, to any Island, foifcii 500l.

Colony, Territory, or Place belonging to or under the dominion of any Foreign Sovereign or State, or to any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, which have teen surrendered to His Majesty* Arms

during the present War, (except such limited and licensed Trade to the latter as is by the said Order in Council

and this present Act allowed), any Person or Persons so insuring, or causing or procuring any such Insuranceto

be made, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds 5 and every such Insurance

shall be absolutely null and void.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of Jan vary One thousand eight BritHH' Siifeje&tv

hundred and seven, it shall not be lawful for any British Ship or Vessel, or for ner Boats, Officers, or Mariners, "ol fapplyr to be employed, used, or engaged, in or at Africa, or on any Part of the Coast thereof, directly orindirectly, in' supplying with Slaves any Foreign Ship or Vessel, or Factory, whatsoever or wheresoever, or any Person to '

concerned for or on account of any Foreign Ship or Vessel or F't&ory, or for or on account of any Island,

Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State or

Power j.

638 C. 52.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Pe^a'ty,

Frf. iture of Sh 1 s, nd 100 1. by the Matter.

Foreign Ships intended to be employed in the Anicin Skive Trade shall not be equipped in any Fort of me United Kingdom, or the British Dominions. Penalty,

Forfc ture of Ship, ice, and ioo i.

Ships not registered, or not cleared out under 39 G. 3. c 80. deemed Foreign Ships.

On British Ships 'clearing>ut for Africa, the Owner, 6ec. shall give Bond not to trade in Slaves to Foreigri Port*.

How such Bond, ih a i I be

discharged.

On Arrival of British Ships from Ah ica at British Colonies, Matter shall report, declare, and prove his Compliance with this Act.'

Power; and every such Ship or Vessel which shall be so employed, engaged, or used, or the Boats, Officers, or Mariners whereof, by and with the Consent and Approbation or Direction of the Owners thereof, shall be so employed, engaged, or used contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, with all her Boats, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as is herein after mentioned and provided; and the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge and Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the E piration of One Calendar Month, to be computed from the Time of the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Foreign Ship or Vessel employed or intended to De employed in the African Slave Trade, to be fitted out, equipped, manned, or dispatched at or from any Port of this United Kingdom, or any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for a Voyage to Africa, whether that be the Place of immediate Dellination, or such Ship or Vessel before proceeding thither isdeilined to touch at some other Port or Place, nor shall it be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to ship, lade, or put on board in any Foreign Ship or Vessel when destined directly or indirectly to Africa, at any Port in this United Kingdom, or any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities whatsoever, with Intent that the same shall be tarried to Africa, to be there bartered for Slaves, or otherways employed in the African Slave Trade; and if any such Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be so unlawfully fitted out, equipped, manned, or dispatched, or if any Goods, Wares. Merchandize, or Commodities shall be so unlawfully shipped, laden, or put on board in any such Ship or Vessel with such Intent as aforesaid, at any Port of His Majesty's Dominions, such Ship or Vessel, with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all the poods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities so shipped* laden, or put on board, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seized and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided; and if any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within His Majesty's Dominions, shall knowingly and wilfully fit out, equip, man, or dispatch any such Foreign Ship or Vessel for the Purposes aforesaid, or knowingly and wilfully furnish the lame with any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities as aforesaid, with the Intent and for the Purpose aforesaid, or be knowingly and wilfully aiding, abetting, or assisting in any such Offence, every Person or Persons so offending, aiding, abetting, or assisting, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And every Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be a Foreign Ship or Vessel for the Purposes aforesaid, although owned in Whole or in % Part by British Subjects, which shall not be registered, navigated, and cleared out in such Manner as to entitle her to import Slaves into a British Colony, according to the Laws of Navigation, and to an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better regulating the Manner of carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel clearing out from any British

Port after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, to export, transport, carry, or convey any Slave or Slaves from Africa, or the Ccaft thereof, to the Islands, Colonies, Plantations, or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, unless the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, on her clearing out from Great Britain, or some one of the said Islands, Colonies, Plantations, or Territories, for Africa or the Coast thereof, have certified to the Collector or principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Clearance, that the Intent of the Voyage is to take in, and to transport, carry and convey Slaves from Africa and the Coast thereof to the Islands, Colonies, Plantations, and Territories only belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, and shall have entered into a Bond, in the penal Sum of One thousand Pounds, with One or more good and sufficient Sureties, to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs in other Ports respectively, with Condition that such Ship or Vessel shall proceed from the Coast of Africa to some Port or Place in some Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to and under the Dominion of His Majesty, and that no Slave or Slaves which shall be taken on board the said Ship or Vessel in Africa, or on the Coast thereof, shall be landed or disposed of in any Port or Place in any Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power, or (except with such ^Licence as aforesaid) in any of the aforesaid Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations whiph have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, nor shall on any Pretence whatsoever be sold or disposed of to the Ships or Vessels of any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power, or to any Person whatever concerned for or on account of the fame, or directly or indirectly in supplying the same with Slaves, either on the Coast of Africa, or the High Seas, or any Port, Harbour, or Place wheresoever situated; and the said Bond shall not be void and discharged until the due and faithful Performance of all and every the several Conditions therein contained shall have been proved or ascertained by the Production of the Ship's Log Book and the Surgeon's Journal duly verified, and also by a Certificate or Certificates from the chief Officer of the Customs of each and every Port or Place in the Islands, Colonies, Plantations, or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty where the said Ship or Vessel shall have touched, setting forth that the several Injunctions herein after contained have been duly complied with s Provided always, that the said Bond shall be void if not prosecuted within Three Years after the Return of the said Ship or Vessel,

XIf And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any British Ship or Vessel which shall have cleared out from any British Port after the Day last aforesaid, and which shall, during the Voyage in which {he was engaged, have transported, carried, or conveyed any Slaves from Africa, or the Coast thereof, shall arrive at any Port or Place, in any Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall immediately repair to the Custom House at or nearest to Uie Port or Place where he shall arrive, and there give in a written

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 5*2. 639

Account, to the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs, of the total Number of Slaves which he brought in the said Ship or Vessel from Africa, or the Coast thereof, and shall declare that sincehis Departure from thence, he hath not caused to be unshipped or landed, or sold or disposed of any Slave or Slaves in any island, Colony,

Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign Sovereign or State, or into any Ship or Vessel at Sea, or otherwise, and shall confirm such Declaration by the Produaion of the Ship's Log Book and Surgeon's Journal, and also by producing the Surgeon and Chief Mate of such Ship or Vessel, if living, and on board the fame, or if otherwise, then the Two next Officers in point of Station on board, to be examined by the said Collector or Chief Officer, on Oath (which Oath the said Collector or Chief Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer), touching the Truth and Faimefs of the said Account.

XII. And whereas it may frequently happen that the Slaves brought in any Ship or Vessel from Africa, or On proceeding

the Coast thereof, or some of them, may not be sold at the first Port or Place at which the Ship or Vessel shall siavc^o^pfrt

arrive in any island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty; ' ftotn the

Be it therefore further enabled, That any such Ship or Vessel, the whole Cargo of which shall not have been Firrt Port of disposed of at the Port at which she fhafi first arrive in the said Islands, Colonies, Plantations, or Territories Discharge to any belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, from Africa or the Coast thereof, shall be permitted to °, her Ports,

proceed with her Slaves, or the Remainder thereof, to such other Port or Place, Ports or Places, within any of slaves "oTali be

the Islands, Colonies, Plantations, or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, into which ia(CCn and Slaves from Africa may be lawfully imported, as the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Certificates Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall think fit: Provided always, that at every such Port or Ports where any g'v*n irom Port Slave or Slaves shall be unshipped or landed, the Matter or other Person having or taking the Command of such tu ^U, u

Ship shall take from the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, a Certificate of the Number of Slaves which shall have been so unshipped and landed out of his Ship or Vessel, at the said Port or

Place; which Certificate, with the Account of the original Number brought from Africa, or the Coast

thereof, and also an Account of the Number remaining on board, and the Journal of the Surgeon of the said

Ship or Vessel, expressing the Number of Slaves who shall have died during the said Voyage, shall be by the said

Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command ofiuch Ship or Vessel, exhibited to the

Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of every other Port or Place in the said Islands, Colonies, Plantations,

or Territories belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, at which such Ship or Vessel shall afterwards

touch; and the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of such other Port or Place, Ports or Places,

shall and he is hereby required, to compare the said Accounts; and if there shall appear to be any Deficiency in penalty on the Number of Slaves which such Mailer, or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Deficiency, 5^1.

Vessel, shall not be able lawfully to account for, every such Matter or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Per slave>

Pounds for every Slave which shall be so found deficient and unaccounted for: Provided always, that no such °n

Ship or Vessel shall transport or carry away from any such Port or Place, on Pain of Forfeiture of Ship and Cargo slaves not Part

as aforesaid, any other Slave or Slaves than such as shall have been entered, as Part of her Cargo from Africa, Or of the entered

the Coast thereof, in the same Voyage. Caigu; Forfeiture of Ship, ice.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight Slaves shall not hundred and seven, no Person shall embark, ship, export, or carry upon the Seas, any Slave or Slaves from any island. Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, to any other island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatever (except as before mentioned, in British Ships, from Africa or the Coast thereof), until the Owner or Exporter thereof shall make Application in Writing to the Governor of the said island. Colony,

Plantation, or Territory, or to the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port from whence it shall be intended to export or embark the said Slave or Slaves, which said Application shall express the Number and Quality of the Slaves he shall be desirous to export, transport, carry, or convey, and the Place to which he means to carry them (such Place being always foinc island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, into which such Slaves may be lawfully imported without any Special Licence, or else some or one of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations which have surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, for importing the said Slaves into which some such Special Licence as aforesaid shall have been obtained), and until such Owner or Exporter shall obtain a Licence in Writing for the Exportation of such Slaves from such island, Colony, Territory, or Plantation wherein such Application is made, specifying the Place of Destination; which Licence under his Hand and Seal the said Governor, Collector, or ChLf Officer is hereby authorized and required to grant; but previous thereto every such Owner or Exporter shall also give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum equal to the Sum of Fifty Pounds lawful Money of Great Britain for every Slave so to be carried, and deliver the same to the said Governor, or the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place from which such Slave or Slaves shall be carried, the Condition of which Bond shall be, that the said Owner or Proprietor shall faithfully and truly land or deliver the said Slaves at the Place to which he shall be so authorized to export or convey the fame, and shall, within a Time to be in the said Condition limited, having respect, therein to the ordinary Length of the said intended Voyage, produce a Certificate from the Collector or Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place to which the said Slave or Slaves shall he so permitted to be exported or conveyed, or, in case there be in that Place no Cplledlor or Chief Officer of the Customs, from Two of the most eminent British Merchants or Inhabitants, certifying that the said Slave or Slaves shall have been landed and left in the said Port or Place, Death or other inevitable Impediment, to be proved by Oath of Two credible Witnesses, excepted; and if any such Slave or Slaves so exported, shall not be io landed and left according to the Condition of any such Bond, or such Certificate as aforesaid shall not be duly returned, the said Bond shall become forfeited, and the said Governor or Collector, or Chief Officer, may cauie the same to be put in Suit, and the said Owner or Exporter shall not be relieved from the Penalty thereof but on Payment of the Sum of Fifty Pounds lawful Money as aforesaid, for every Slave

9 not

be exported flora one British Colony to another, till Licence obtained and Bond given that they shall not be carried to Foreign Po.ti.

A.D. 1806.

Exemption«to Negro Sailors prd Hifticimcn; domestick Slaves attending their 'M* tiers to Sea.

Names of Slaves

employee! as Sailors, etc. thall he. indited, in the Ship's vCicarauce.

Exception as to Slaves employed 4n any Naval or Miliuty Service ijt Government.

Governors pro Umporc may on in Execution o. (ms Act.

'Colonies fnriendered xkirin^ the War, if reem-qnered or restored, shall he deemed Foreign Colonies under this Act.

Penalty of

Prrjiuy on Perlom taking laife Oathi

F ecovery and Application of Equities.

G.52. 46° GEORGII III.

not so landed or left, or not so certified to have been landed and left as aforesaid, nor shall the Party be thereby* discharged from any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by the fending or conveying such Slaves to any Foreign Territory or Place contrary to the Prohibition in this Act, or the said Order in Council contained: Provided always, that the said Bonds shall be void, unless prosecuted within Three Years from the Date thereof: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be construed to prevent any Slave from being employed either in Navigation, Fishing, or any other his ordinary Business or Occupation upon the Seas: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Slave who shall be really and truly the domestick Servant of any Person residing in any Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, from attending such his Owner or Mailer, or any Part of his Family, by Sea to any Place whatever, whether under the Dominion of His Majesty or of any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power; but if any Slave or Slaves employed in Navigation, or any Fishermen or domestick Slave or Slaves shall be so employed, embarked, or carried in any Ship or Vessel on a Voyage from any British Island or Colony to any Foreign Colony, Plantation, or Territory, or to any other British Island or Colony, or to any of the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or plantations, which have been fur rendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War, the Names and Occupations of every such Slave or Slaves (except domestick Slaves attendisg on the Person of any Passengeror Passengers on board, not exceeding in Number Two such Slaves for every Passenger on board) mall be inserted in or indorsed upon the Clearance or Permit to depart of such Ship or Vessel, by or in the Presence of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place from which such Ship or Vessel shall clear outwards on any such Voyage, who shall without Fee or Reward certify under his Hand that the Slave or Slaves so embarked or carried were reported "and described to him as Seamen, Fishermen, or domestick Servants, as the Case may be 5 and if any Slave or Slaves shall be found on board any Ship or Vessel, bound on any such Voyage as aforesaid, whose Name and Description, Names and Descriptions, shall not be inserted in or indorsed upon the Clearance or Permit, and certified as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), or who shall be untruly or fraudulently therein or thereupon described with Intent to violate or elude any of the Prohibitions or Regulations in this Act contained, all and every such Slave or Slaves shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after is mentioned and provided; and the Mailer or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so embarked and carried without such Certificate as aforesaid, and the Owner, Mailer, or other Person by whom or by whose Procurement such Slave or Slaves shall be so untruly and fraudulently described with such Intent as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds lawful Money aforesaid for every such Slave or Slaves, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned and provided: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or taken to prevent any Slave or Slaves from being put on board any Ship or Vessel by the Order of His Majesty's Commander in Chief, either by Sea or Land, in any Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, in order to be employed in His Majesty's Military or Naval Service, and from being by such Order so employed howsoever or wheresoever the said Service may require; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the granting of Licences, and every other Act which the Governor of any Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory belonging to or under the Dominion of His Majesty, is. by this Act directed or authorized to do or perform, may be lawfully done or performed by the Person or Persons executing pro tempore the Office or Funftion of Governor of any such Island, Colony, Plantation, or Territory, by Authority from His Majesty, whether under the Style 'and Title of Governor, Lieutenant Governor, President of the Council, or under any other Style or Title whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or

Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arme during the present War, or any or either of them, shall be reconquered by any of His Majesty's Enemies* or shall, punuant to any future Treaty of Peace or otherwise, cease to be under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, then and from thenceforth the said Settlements, Islands, Colonies, of Plantations, or such of them as shall be so reconquered, or pass from His Majesty's Dominion and Possession, shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be Settlements, lllands, Colonies, or Plantations belonging to and under the Dominion of a Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power, as fully as if they had been withiiv that Description at the Time of passing this Act. '

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorized or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person mail unlawfully procure or fubom any Person to take any Ofcth by this Act authorized or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury or Subornation of Perjury respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures imposed and inflicted by this Act, or by the said Order in .Council, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court ot Record in Great Britain, or in any Court of Record or Vice Admiralty in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions wherein the Offence was committed, or in case the Offender shall be resident in any other Place/ then in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions wherein such Offender may be found; and that in all Cases of Seizures of any Ships, Vessels, Slaves, Goods, or Effects for any Forfeiture under this Act, or under the said Order in Council, the same ftw»ll and may respectively he sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in ar.y Court of Record or Vice Admiralty in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions in or nearest to which such Seizures may be made, or to which such Ships or Vessels, Slaves, Goods, or Effects {if seized at Sea, or without the Limits of any British Jurisdiction) may most conveniently be carried for Trial; and all th.' said Penalties and Forfeitures, whether pecuniary or specific, shall go and belong to such Person and Person*. in

7 such

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 52, 53. 64.1

stich Shares and Proportions, and shall and may be sued for and prosecuted, tried, recovered, distributed, and applied in such and the like Manner, and by tt|e same Ways and Means, and subject to the same Rules and Directions as any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred in Great Britain and in the British Colonies or Plantations in America respectively, by force of any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, now go and belong to, and may now be sued for, prosecuted, tried, recovered, distributed, and applied respectively in Great Britain, or in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, under and by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plmtations in America, for continuing, amending, and 4 G. 3. c. 15* making perpetual an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled,

4. An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Tr de of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; } for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protcSing, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, 'An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and 4 E a ill and Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade)and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, Slaves, Goods, and Effects that shall or may Ships may be

become forfeited for any Offence committed against this Act, or against the said Order in Council, shall and Seized and may be seized by any officer of His Majesty's Cuiloms or Excise, or by the Commanders or Officers of any of

His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, who, in making and prosecuting any such Seizures, shall have the Benefit Customs

of all the Provisions made by the said Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, or any other Act Excise, or Navy, of Parliament for the Protection of Officers seizing and prosecuting for any Offence against the said Act, or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced General Issue. either in Great Britain or elsewhere^ against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act,

or of the said Order in Council, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, or the said Order in Council as herein recited, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act. or of the said Order in Council; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontir.ue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the X>efendant or Defendants shall recover Trebly Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have Treble Costs, in other Cases by Law.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into See alfl 46 G. 3. Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods XII, and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, into and out of His Majesty's West India Islands, and the Colonies, Settlements, and Territories, which have been conquered by His Majesty's Arms.

[23d May; 8o6.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charks

the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by 1* Car. a. c iS. 4 other Acts of Parliament now in force, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever can be imported into, or*exported out of any Lands, Islands, Plantations, or Territories to His Majesty belonging, or in His Majesty's Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sud- cessors, in Asia, Africa, or America, in any other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such*Ships or Vessels as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any of the Territories thereof, in the Manner, and subject to the Exceptions and Regulations, in the said Acts respectively contained: But Whereas, notwithstanding the said Acts, certain of His Majesty's Governors or Lieutenant Governors of the Islands in the West Indies, and of the Colonies,

Settlements, and_Territories which have been conquered by His Majesty's Arms, or Persons acting as such,

have found themselves under the Necessicy of opening, with the Advice of their respective Councils, the Ports of the said Islands for a limited Time, for the Importation of certain Articles necessary for the Supply of the said Islands, Colonies, Settlements, and Territories, in Foreign Bottoms, and in like Manner for the*Exportation of certain Articles, the Produce of the said Islands, Colonies, Settlements, and Territories, in*return for the fame: And whereas such Importation and Exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said Acts of Parliament, but being permitted from the Necessity of the Occasion, the same ought to be justified by an Act of Parliament, and rendered valid and of due Force in Law, and all Persons advising or issuing any Order or Permission of any of the said Governors or Lieutenant Governors of the said Islands, Colonies,

Settlements, or Territories, or Persons acting as such, ought to be respectively justified be it therefore enacted, See.

£t Orders of Governors of the West India Islands, &c. permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, deemed valid, and all Persons concerned therein indemnified. § l. — Actions iready commenced,

shall be flayed. §2.

46 Geo. III. 4n cap.

c 54. 55

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

it H. t. c. 15.

ft«u Gul. 3.

c. 7.

AH Offence* whatever, com* putrid on the Sea, See. may be tried in any of His Majesty's J fl uids, bee. by viifue of the Kind's C jrn-million under the Great Seal; and Commissioners shall have Powers at under 28 H. & c* i 5

The Treasury of Ticland (wish Crmfent of Lord I^u-ufcnan')

rt'.iv m ^er the

I ill-'* H oil

lX*t»cnruic*, btc. now payable at the hxc' oquer to be pivable at the hank.;

CAP. LIV.

An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, it is enacted, That all Treasons, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, and Confederacies, committed on the Sea, shall be enquired of, tried, and determined, "according to the common Course of the Laws of this Land tifed for such Offences upon the Land within this Realm: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more

effectual Supprcssion of Piracy, it is enacted, that all Piracies, Felonies, and Robberies, committed on the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, may be examined, enquired of, tried, heard, and determined, and adjudged, in any Place at Sea, or upon the Land, in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts, or Factories, to be appointed for that Purpose by the King's Commission, in the Manner therein directed, and according to the Rules of the Civil Law: And whereas Treasons, Murders, and divers other Felonies and Misdemeanours, not mentioned in the said Statute of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, cannot be tried by virtue of any Commission directed under that Act, but the Persons committing, or charged with having committed the same upon the Seas in or near the East or West Indies, and in Places very remote, can only be brought to Trial by fending them to England to be tried within this Realm, under the Commission directed by the said Statute of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; whereby not only great Charges and Expences are incurred, but Offenders do oftentimes escape unpunished by reason of the Delay and Difficulties attending such Prosecutions: For Remedy whereof, and in order that one uniform Course of Trial may be had for all Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, Conspiracies, and other Offences committed upon the Seas be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, Conspiracies, and other Offences of what Nature or Kind soever, committed upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined, and adjudged, according to the common Course of the Laws of this Realm used for Offences committed upon the Land within this Realm, and not otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts, or Factories, under and by virtue of the King's Commission or CoiTimissions, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be directed to any such Four o: moredifereet Persons as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think fit to appoint; and that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three of them, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities lor the*rial of all such Murders, Treasons, 1 iracies. Felonies, Robberies, Conspiracies, and other Offences, within any such Island, Plantation, Colony, Dominion, Fort, or Factory, as any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed according to the Directions of the said Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, by any Law or Laws now in force, have or would have for the Trial of the said Offences within this Realm; and thalf all Persons convicted of any of the said Offences, so to be tried by virtue of any Commission to be made according to the Directions of this Act, shall be subject and liable to, and shall fnffer all such and the same Fains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as by any Law or Laws now in foice, Persons convicted of the same respectively would he subject and liable to in case the same were-respectively inquired of, tried, heard, determined, and adjudged, within this Realm, by virtue of any Commission made according to the Directions of the said Statute 01 the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LV.

An Act to provide for the Payment, at the Bank of Ireland, of the Interest on certain Debentures now payable at the Exchequer of Ireland \ and also for altering the Days of Payment of the lntcrdl or Dividends on certain Annuities in Ireland. [yth June 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the Payment at the Bank of Ireland of the Interest on the

4» Debentures herein after mentioned, and also for the Payment of the Interest or Dividends on the

Annuities herein after mentioned, at the Days and Times herein after specified, ' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if at any Time after the passing of this Act, it shall appear expedient to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Three or more of them, that the Interest on Debentures and Annuities for Years, and Annuities for Lives, or any of them, now payable at the Exchequer of Ireland, should be paid and payable at the Bank of Ireland, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby empowered, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, to give such Orders and Directions in that Respect, as Avail appear necessary for the Payment of the Interest on such Debentures and Annuities for Years, and Annuities for Lives, at the Bank of Ireland; any Act or Acts, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary' in any wise notwithstanding

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII IIr. C. 5J-57.

II. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the passing of this Act, it shall appear expedient to the said Lord High Treasurer, or to the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, that the Interest or Dividends now payable at the Bank of Ireland, for and in respect of the Consolidated Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, shall be paid and payable at the said Bank of Ireland, at the same Periods, and on the same Days on which the Interest of the respective Debentures of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and Five Pounds per Centum per Jnnum, are now payable, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, and with the Consent of the Proprietors of the said Annuities, to give such Orders and Directions in that Respect as shall appear necessary for the Payment of the said Interest and Dividends accordingly, any Act or Acts, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary, in anywise notwithstanding; taking Care that the Holders of such Annuities! the Time of the Payment of the Interest or Dividends whereon shall be so altered, shall receive One Quarter's Interest or Dividend thereon, when the same shall become due next after such Alteration, and that the Interest and Dividends on such Annuities shall be paid and payable Half Yearly ever afterwards, that is to say, on the same Day on which the corresponding Rate of Interest on Debentures shall be payable, as now established by Law.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Proprietors of the said respective Annuities as shall not, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, signify their DifTcnt to the said Alteration of the Times for the Payment of the Interest or Dividends on the said Annuities, in Books to be opened at the Bank of Ireland, for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Auditor General, the Clerk of the Pells, the Teller of the E xchequer, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and all other Persons, when thereto required shall execute such Orders as may be given by the said Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or by the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, in the Execution of this Act, and of any of the Matters therein contained, as if such Orders were herein expressed and particularly enacted.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

[9th June i8o£.]

After June 2 1, if06, the Number of Monthly Charge-? on each Still shall be made as herein mentioned* 44 instead of former Charges under 45 G. 3. c. 104. $48.-viz. For Stills under 750 Gallons Content, M 56 Charges; — under 1000, 54; — under 1250, 48; — under 150c, 44; — under 1750, 42; — under2000, 40; — 44 under 2250, 39; — under 2500, 37; — under 2750, 36; — under ^000, 35; — 3000 and upwards, 33; — § J. — 44 Bounties under 4^ G. 3. c. 104. 5 74, shall cease after 21 June 1806. §2. — Bounties on Spirits distilled after 44 2T June, 16 per Cent. on Stills of 1500 Gallons, or upwards, and 8 per Cent. on Stills of 1000 Gallons, and1 44 under ijCo. §3. — Duties and Bounties shall be paid under Regulations of recited Act, 45 G. 3. c. 104. — $ 4-Act may be amended. §5. — Continuance of Act, 29th Sept. 1806. §6.

[&v 46 G. 3- c. S8. §49. 77.}

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act m: de in the last Session of Parliament for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Tr.ide of a Maltster.

[9th June 1806.]

X7'HEREAlS an Act was made in thehft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Collection of the 4 v*Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster: And whereas it is expedient to amend

the said Act be it therefore enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and until the Twenty-ninth Day of September Oat* thousand eight hundred and six, in lieu and instead of any Charge on any Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland, for any Calendar Month, commencing at any Time after the said Twenty fifth Day of June, while the Mulihoiife of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be working, or shall continue working, or shall be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as continuing to work; such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged with, and pay Duty for Eight Barrels of Malt, for every One hundred Feet Square of working or drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthouse, in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Ma-t, whether the Malt-house or Malthouses of such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be situate in the City of Dublin, or out of the fame, or in-any other City, Town, or Place, in Ireland; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary, notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Lid Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, in lieu and instead of the yearly and monthly Charges on Maltsters and Makers of Malt in Ireland, under the said recited Act, every such Maltster and Maker of Malt shall be charged according to the Proportions herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say, every Maltster or Maker of* Malt in

4 N 2 Ireland,

643

Irish Treasury may also otder the Dividends on ccitain Annuities to be p<id at the same Periods as the Jutered on Debentures: vei*h Consent of tut Proprietor*.

Unless D'dent' is signified before June 24, 1806, Propii-ctors shall be deemed to have assented.

Auditor General, etc. fhiU execute the Orders of the Treasury-

45 n 3. r. 5Ji-

From 25 June to 29 Srpr 1 $c6. Malt It*rs fh .il b ciMiged tth 8 B rr els per Month for cv\ ty too SqLi oe Feet of W o king Floors in all Malthouses, when ver situate.

Yc nfy Charge m all M ilttrer*, after 29 Sept. 1806, 6-'. shircl* per ICO Fret of Woilu: i£ t'juors,

&c.

64+

Monthly Charge fc Barrels, &c. Locc 45 G. 3. c. 53. §23.]

Yearly Charge Tt> make good Deficiency in Quantity a<fhi-ally charged. 45 G.

53- §7-J

Charges ftinll be made under Regulations of recited Act.

C. 57, 58. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Ireland shall, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September following, during the Continuance of the Licence of such Maltster or Maker of Malt, be charged with and pay Duty of Excise for a Quantity of Malt, after the Rate of Sixty-four Barrels of Malt, for every One hundred Feet Square of working or drying Floor or Floors which shall be contained in each Malthouse, in which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be licensed to make Malt; and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; and also for as much more Malt as such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall actually make within the said Period.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Charge of such yearly Dnty of Sixty-four Barrels shall be made in Manner following; that is to say, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged for not iefs than Eight Calendar Months in every Year, and for every such Calendar Month, such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be charged with and pay Duty for Eight Barrels of Malt, for every One hundred Feet Square of such working or drying Floor or Floors, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Square Feet; and every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be also charged with and pay Duty for as much more Malt as could be produced under the Regulations in the said recited Act mentioned, from any Corn or Grain actually wetted by such Maltster or Maker of Malt within every such Pfcriod of One Calendar Month.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Malt charged upon any Maltster or Maker of Malt in any one Year, ending on the Twenty ninth Day of September, shall not amount to the full Quantity of Sixty-four Barrels of Malt, for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is hereby made chargeable with Duty within any Year, the Surveyor or Gauger, in Charge of the Malthouse of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall, within Twenty Days after such Twenty-ninth Day of September, make a Return to the Collector of the District in which such Malthouse shall be situate, of such Quantity of Malt and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprized in former Returns of Malt against such Maltster or Maker of Malt in the Year ending on such Twenty-ninth Day of September, shall amount to the full Quantity of Sixty-four Barrels of Malt for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt is so made chargeable with Duty, and such Return shall be a Charge on such Maltster or Maker of Malt, and shall be payable by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That every such Charge by this Act directed to be made on any Maltster or Maker of Malt, and the Duty in respect thereof, shall be made and returned by the Officer, and the said Duty shall be paid by the Maltster or Maker of Malt, in such Manner, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are contained in the said recited Act, except as such Rules or Regulations are expressly altered by this Act; and that all such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except as aforesaid), shall be applied in the charging, levying, cohering, and recovering all such Duties, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were repeated ^nd re-enacted in this Act.

41 Act may be amended this Session. $ 6.

trilfi Excise Act, Id, 15 Car. 2. c. 8. § t.

Duties of Excise on Goods native and imported imposed, and the Value afeer-tnined by a Book of Rates.

(§ 4*-}

An Excise Office established under Five Commissioners in Dublin.

Jurisdiction of Commissioners, &c. (§ 51.) Appc»l (§ 54.) Irish CuQoms

14. 15

Car. 2. c. 9.

6 1.

Value of Goods paying Subsidy on Impoit and Ex pot t ascertained by a Book of Rales*

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of H13 Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Taxes, in Ireland.

[9th June 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of < pjjs ]ate Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excize or New Impcfl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, the several Rates and

Charges in the said Act mentioned, in and by the Name of Excise or New Impofl were set, laved, and

impoied, to be had, levied, demanded, collected, received, recovered, and paid, throughout Ireland\ upon Commodities, Merchandize, and Manufactures, as well Native as imported or Foreign, in Manner and Form in the said Act mentioned, and according to a Book of Rates and .Value of Goods and Merchandize

imported, in the said Act contained; and for the more regular and orderly putting in Execution the said recited Act, it was by the said recited Act among other "1 hings enacted, that an Office should be constituted and

erected in the City of Dublin, to be called and known by the Name of The Office of Excise or New Impofl, and

to be managed and governed by Commissioners not exceeding Five in Number; and the Commissioners thereof,

and their Subordinate Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners and Collectors, were by the said recited Act empowered and required to hear and determine all Offences and Breaches of the Clauses and Articles in the said Act contained, and to do certain other Matters and Things in the said Act mentioned; and it was in and by the said recited Act provided, that in Cases therein mentioned, certain Commissioners of Appeals in the said Act mentioned should receive Appeals from Parties grieved by Proceedings under the said Act, and also should hear and determine such Appeals in Maimer as by the said Act is mentioned and directed: And Whereas by another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the said Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Subfdie of Poundage, and granting a Subsidie of Tannage, and other Sums of Money, unto His Royal ATajflic, Ills Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandizes imported and exported into or cut of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed, it was enacted, that the Rates mentioned and expressed in a Book of Rates to the said Act annexed, should be the Rates according to which all Goods and Merchandize of every Merchant,

natural-born Subject, Denizens, and Aliens, to be brought into all or any Part of Ireland, or carried out of the fame, should pay a certain Subsidy of Poundage; and that certain other Subsidies, in the said Act mentioned, should be levied and paid in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; and it is also by the said last

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 58. 645

recited Act further enacted, that the Defaults of such as should attempt to do any Thing contrary to the Tenor of the said Act, or of the Rules, Orders, and Directions, to the said Act annexed, should be heard, enquired of, and determined by the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and it is also by the Rules, Orders, and Directions, to the said Act annexed (among other Things) directed that the Commiflu>ncr3 of the Cullom8 should not at any Time be more than Seven, or lefa than Five in Number: And Whereas since the passing of the said herein-before recited Acts, divers Rates and Duties upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, and upon certain Articles, Matters, and Things, have from Time to Time beep granted and charged by divers Acts of Parliament in lieu and full Satisfaction of the Imports, Subsidic9, Customs, Duties, Rates, and Charges, under the said herein-before recited Acts \ and divers Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland have also been from Time to Time granted and charged by divers Acts of Parliament for, upon, and in respect of several Articles, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts mentioned, certain of which Acts of Parliament are now in force; and it is by the said Acts now in force respectively enacted, that the said Rates and Duties on the Importation and Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported, and the said Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, payable under 01 by virtue of the said Acts respectively, shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all former Customs, Subsidies, and Duties and Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland, (except as in the said Acts respectively is mentioned), and that the said Ratos and Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported, and the said Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, .under the Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, appointed, directed, and expressed, by the said herein-before recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Claries the Second, for settling the Excise or 'New Import upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, with like Remedy of Appeal as in and by the said last recited Act is provided: And Whereas, for many Years part, the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Customs have been from Time to Time appointed by One Commission linger the Great Seal of Ireland, and have acted under the said Commission in the Management and Collection of the several Rates and Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation ot Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland, and of the several Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes payable in Ireland, and the Drawbacks* Bounties, and Allowances in respect thereof; And Whereas by reason of the great Increase of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, and of the many and various Acts, Matters, and Things, required to be done by the said Commissioners of Excise and Commissioners of Customs under and by virtue of the several Laws in force in Ireland, it may be expedient, for the better and more easy and effectual Government, Management, and Collection of tl>e said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, and for the better Performance of the Duties of the Offices of the said Commissioners respectively, that all Rates and Duties imposed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into or from Ireland, and also all Rates and Duties on Entries inwards and outwards and on Ships and Vessels trading to or from Ireland, and also all Drawbacks, Bounties and Allowances on the Exportation or Importation into or from Ireland, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, should be managed and governed by Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties; and that all internal Duties and Taxes whatsoever payable in Ireland, and all Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, and all Rents and Revenues whatever payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Ireland, (other than and except the Euties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, and on the Portage and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland, or about the Collection or Management whereof any Provisions have been or shall be specially made by Parliament) should be managed and governed by Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by the Direction of His Majesty His Heirs and Successors, to appoint, from Time to Time, under the Great Seal of Ireland, certain Persons not exceeding Seven, nor being less than Five in Number, to be Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties in Ireland; and also to appoint certain other Persons, not exceeding Seven, nor being less than Five in Number, to be Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; to have and to hold their respective Offices during their good Behaviour respectively, or during His Majesty's Pleasure only, as to His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, shall Teem fitting: And that, from and immediately after such Appointment, all such Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, in the Exercise of such their Commissions, shall have and enjoy with respect to the Collection and Management of the several Imports and Duties so to be managed and governed by them, the Power of appointing Sub-Commissioners, and all such other Powers and Authorities as are given to or are verted in the Commissioners mentioned in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for the settling the Excise or New Import upon His Majesty? His Heirs and Successors, with respect to the Duties under their Governance or Management: And that such Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties, or the major Part of them, in the Exercise of their Commission*, and such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or the major Part of them, in the Exercise of their Commissions, shall respectively have and enjoy all such Powers and Authorities as are given to or are vested in the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, mentioned in the said last recited Act, by virtue of the said recited Act, or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland; as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Powers and Authorities were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act: And that all Acts, Matters, and Things, relating to the Duties of Customs, or Excise, or Taxes, which, by any Act or Acts in fpree in Ireland, are required to be done or performed by or

under

Offences against that Act determinable in the Exchequer.

<§ >4)Number of Com miff, one i s.

(Rule, 4-.) Since the said recited Acts, divers Duties hive been granted on Importation and Exportation of Goods, and also divers Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes by temporary Acts; such Duties being in lieu of all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, whatever, and being recoverable under said Excise Act* 14,5 Car. z. c. 8.

In Consequence of the Nature of the present Commissions, and of the Increase of the Duties, See. it may become expedient to provide for Management of the Revenue;

by placing certain Duties under Commissioners of Customs,

and by placing other Duties under Commissioners of Excise and Taxes.

His Majesty,

Scc. empowered to appoii»t(7 and not less than 5) .Persons to be Commissioners < f Customs and Pott Duties, and a like Number of Personi to be Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes.

All the said Commissioners, as well of Customs as of Excise, shall have all Powers vested in Commissioners of Excise by 14#

15 C. z, c. i* '

646

Commi (lion ers of Custwms and rhcir Officers empowered to do all »£ls »efpc<£fc-ing Goods imported, &c. and Duties of Ctiftotm thereon, required to be done by Com midi mers of Revei uc; and n I M liters relating to Slipping and Navigation, &c. under any formed in iorcc in beland.

And Commissioners of Excise, and their Officers empowered to do all such Acts respecting Excise and Taxes.

Proceedings of all Commis-ftonets, &c. so to be appointed Hi .ill be f ubjedt to Appeal undet Excise Act,

14, r 5 Cur. 2. c. 8. S 54.

JurisdirVon of Exchequei under 14, 15 C. 2. c. 9. k 14. extended to Fxcilc Put cs, &c.

In case of Pif-pute as to Jurisdicti >n of <Jom-misti >ners of Cuiioms and

C. 58. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. i.8o6.

under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners mentioned in the find last recited Act, shall and maybe in like Manner done and performed by or under the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties* or such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, so to be appointed respectively, as the Case may require, under this Act; and that all Persons whatever shall be subject and liable to the same Pains and Penalties for doing or omitting to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, relating to or in anywise concerning the Payment or Collection of such Duties respectively, as they would have been subject and liable to for doing or omitting to do the same Acts, Matters, and Things, respectively, relative to the Duties placed under the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners mentioned in the said lull recited Act by virtue of the said Act, or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland \ Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal either of the said recited Acts, or any other Law now in force in Ireland, except so far as the same are or is expressly altered by this Act.

II. And Whereas, in and by divers Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, for the better collecting, regulating,

and managing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, and for avoiding Frauds therein, divers Powers and Authorities are given to certain Persons under the Names and Descriptions of Commissioners of the Revenue,

Commissioners of Customs, and Commissioners of Excise, and also to certain Persons under the Name and Description of Officers of the Revenue, Officers of the Cuiioms, and Officers of the Excise; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties, so to be appointed in Manner herein before mentioned, and for any Sub-Commissioners, Collectors, Clerks, and other Officers acting under them, to do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things, respectively, relating to Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported, exported, or carried Coastwise, and to such Importation, Exportation, or Conveyance of the fame, and to the Rates and Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, and Allowances thereon; and all such Matters and Things relating to Shipping and Navigation, and to the regiilering of Ships, and relating to the lading or discharging of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into and out of Shipping in the several Ports of Irelan 1; and relating to the Importation, Exportation, or carrying coastwise of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to the warehousing the fame, and delivering the same out of Warehouse in Ireland; as by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, are required or authorized to be done with respect to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to the Importation, Exportation, and Conveyance of the fame, and the Rates, Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties, and Allowances thereon, or with respect to the other Matters and Things before mentioned, by the Commissioners of Customs, Commissioners of Excise, or Commissioners of Revenue, or by any of them respectively, or by any Sub-Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers in the said Acts mentioned: And that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland E-.cife and Taxes, so to be appointed in Manner herein-before mentioned, and any Sub-Commissioners, Collectors, Clerks, and other Officers acting under them, to do and perform respectively all such Acts, Milters, and Things, relating to Inland Duties of Evcife and Taxes in Ireland, committed to their Care and Management, as by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland a: e required to be done, with respect to the said Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, or any of them, by the Commissioners of Excise, Commissioners of Customs, or Commissioners of the Revenue, or by any of them respectively, or by any Sub-Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers, in the said Acts mentioned, or any of them.

IT 1 Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Proceedings of Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties, or of Commissioners of Inland E'cifc and Taxes, so to be appointed respectively, a d of the S*b-Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers ailing under them respectively, shall be subject to Appeal* to be heard and determined by the Commissioners of Appeals mentioned in the said recited Act of tha Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for settling the Excise or New impost upon His Majesty, Tiis Hei > and Successors; and that the Commissioners of Appeals, in the said last recited Act mentioned, shall have all such Powers and Authorities for the receiving, hearing, and determining all Appeals from Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties, or from Cominiffio ers of Inland Excise and Taxes, so to be appoint d respectively, or from their Sub-Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers respectively, as the said Commissioners of Appeals now have and are possessed of by virtue of the said last recited Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, respecting Appeals to be made to them, under oiyby virtue of the said Acts, or any of them. '

IV. And be it declared and enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act, of the Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for settling the Subsidy of Poundage, and granting a Subsidy of Tonnage and other Sums of Money unt) His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Merchandizes imported and exported, as directs that the Defaults of such a* shall attempt to do any Thing contrary to the Tenor of the said Act, shall be heard, enquired of, and determined by the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, shall extend and be construed to extend to all such Duties* Matters, and Things, as shall be /committed to the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland E cife and Taxes, and to all Defaults relating thereto; and that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal any Part of the said last recited Act, so far as the same relates to such Duties, Matters, and Things, as shall be committed to the Care and Management of Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties so to be appointed, nor to repeal or alter any of the Rules, Orders, or Regulations, in the said Act contained, except ib far as the same may be incompatible with the Provisions of this Act; any hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Doubt or Difficulty shall hereafter arise, whether any Matter or Thing to be done respecting His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, Excise, or Taxes in Ireland respectively, or either of them, or any other Matter or Thing which by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland is or shall be directed to be done and performed by Commissioners of the Customs, Commissioners of Excise, or

2 Commissioncx'8

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 58 — 60. 647

Commissioners of the Revenue, their Sub-Commissioners, or other Officers respectively, ought, by virtue of Excise the any Commission or Commissions, to be granted under this Act, to be done by Commissioners of Customs and Treasury shall Port-Duties, or by Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by their Sub-Commissioners or other Order Officers respectively; it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or for the therein* Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to determine and to declare and order, in Writing under the Hand of such Lord High Treasurer, or the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of such Lord High Treasuret for the Time being, whether, such Matter or Thing shall be done and performed by such Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties, or by " such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by their respective Sub-Commissioners, or other Officers 5 and that every such Matter and Thing shall accordingly be done and performed by such Commissioners of Customs and Port-Duties, or by such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by their Sub-Commissioners or other Officers respectively, pursuant to such Order of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of the said Lord High Treasurer, in that Behalf to be made in Manner aforesaid.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to regulate the Packing of Butter in Ireland for Sale or Exportation.

[9th June 1805.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws in force in Ireland in relation to the Calks in which Butter is made up for Sale or Exportation should be amended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, no Person or Persons shall buy or fell any empty Calk for packing Butter for Sale or Export, unless such Calk shall be made according to the following Dimensions; that is to say, all such Calks called Tubx, shall not be less than Nineteen Inches nor more than Twenty-one Inches in Length, and not less than Fourteen Inches nor more than Fifteen Inches in Width at the Head and Bottom thereof; and all such Calks called Firkins, shall not be less than Seventeen Inches and not more than Eighteen Inches in Length, and not less than Twelve Inches nor more than Thirteen Inches in Width at the Head and Bottom thereof; and all such Calks called Kegs, shall not be less than Thirteen Inches nor more than Fourteen Inches in Length, nor less than Eight Inches nor more than Nine Inches in Width at the Head and Bottom thereof; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, any ^Cooper shall make any Gaiks, Tubs, Firkins, or Kegs for packing Butter for Sale or Export, of any Dimensions contrary to this Act; or if any Person shall sell or expose to Sale, or shall buy or export any Butter in any Calk, Tub, Firkin, or Keg, made of Dimensions contrary to this Act; or if any Weigh-master or his Deputy shall brand any Calks, Tubs, Firkins, or Kegs, made of Dimensions contrary to this Act, or weigh any Butter therein; or if any Person who shall have bored any Calk of Butter for the Purpose of tailing the fame, shall not return the Whol: of the Butter taken out by such boring into the Place from whence the same was taken out (except only so much as is fairly necessary for tailing the fame); every such Person shall for every such Offence forfei*, the Sum of Ten Shillings for each and every such Calk; to be recovered, levied, and distributed, in such Manner as is dhefted by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, intituled, c :n All for continuing and amending of the Jaws in relation to Butter and Tallow, and the Casks in which such Goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of Hides, and in making up of Beef and Perk for Exportation, and for preventing the Dtjlruclion of Salmon.9

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Weigh-master or his Deputy, and he is hereby required before the weighing of any Butter, to take off from any Calk, Tub, Firkin, or Keg of Butter brought to be weighed, all such Butter as may appear above the Riddle of such Calk, Tub, Firkin, or Keg, and to apply the same to his own Use; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Caflc, Tub, Firkin, or Keg, for packing Butter for Sale or Export, which shall be made within the County of Cork, or in which any Butter shall be exported from the City of Cork.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities of the several Acts in force in Ireland in relation to Butter, and the Calks in which the same is to be made up, shall be applied in Execution of this Act, and shall be and remain in force, except so far as the same are altered by this Act; and the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together for the Purpose of regulating the Packing and Sale of Butter in Ireland, or for Exportation from Ireland.

CAP. LX.

An Act: for amending an Act passed in Ireland, in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making more effefinal, the several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiatical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Beqtsijl cf Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of Poor Clergy in this Kingdom, so far only as relates to the said charitable Bequest.

[9th June 1806 ]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His

1 late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for amending and making more effectual, the " Q^c

several 9

[See Irish Acts io G. 1 c. 9. ia G. 1. c. 5.]

13 G. 2. c. 12, 21 G. 2. c. 7.

§ 9. See.

5G. 3* c 15 % 19, 20 G. 3. c 36.

31 G. 3. c. 24 ] Dimensions of Butter Calks after iff Aug. 1806.

Penalty on Persons making: or buying Calks of other Drmcn-fions, &c. 10s. per Calk.

12 G. 1. c. 5

Weigh-mnfler may take off Butter appearing: above t'.e Riddle of the Calk.

Butter Regulations Hull not extend to Cork. Powers of foi mer

Act s dk tended to this Act.

648 C. 6o, 6r, 46 GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Trustees and Cumrniiuontrt of First FrUits in Ireland may augment Livings to jooI. (mrtcad of 6cl. linger recited Act) which arc certified to be under that Sum; out of the Interest of the Charitable Fund of Dr. Hugh Boul tr, Archbishop of Armagh.

several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out of Ecclftaffea! Benefices in this Kingdom / and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Bcquefi of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of 4 Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom; it is, among*! other Things enacted,

that it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from and after the Time the Certificate shall be returned to them, and entered, subscribed, and atteiled by the respective Archbishops and Bishops of every Diocese, in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, to augment any Benefice or Living, or Appropriate or Impropriate Curacy, or the Maintenance of any Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Minister, which shall, in the Manner in the said Act!

mentioned, appear to them to be under the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, by granting to the Incumbent of such Benefice qr Living, or to such Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Minister, such ail annual Salary, to be paid out of the Monies so bequeathed, and to be placed out at Intercll, as in the said Act! mentioned, as that the Value so certified, together with such Augmentation so to be granted, shall not in the Whole exceed the Value of Sixty Pounds by the Year; and that such annual Salaries as the said Trustees shall so grant, pursuant to the said Act, may be granted to the Incumbents of such Benefices or Livings, and such Parsons, Vicars, Curates,

4 or Ministers, and their Successors, until such Time as convenient Purchases can be had and made of Glebes or Tythes, or both, to be conveyed to them, pursuant to the Will of the moi! Reverend Father in God Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, in the said Act mentioned, or until the Value of such Benefices or Maintenance shall be increased to the said Value of Sixty Pounds by the Year, by the said Trustees, or otherwise: And Whereas the annual Interest of the said charitable Bequest of the said Doctor Hugh Boult, r, in the said Act mentioned, will now afford an Increase of such Augmentation, and the benevolent Intentions of the said Testator, in the said Act mentioned, will be more effectually carried into Execution, l>y 4 further augmenting the Maintenance of the poor Clergy in Ireland out of the annual Produce of the said charitable Fund: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever a Certificate shall be returned to the said Trustees and Commissioners, drawn up, prepared, signed, and sealed in the Manner and pursuant to the Regulations and Directions in the said Act mentioned, respecting the Certificate of the yearly Value of such Benefice or Maintenance of such Minister, as the said Trustees and Commissioners are by the said Act authorised and empowered to augment to the yearly Sum of Sixty Pounds; and in case such Certificate shall certify, that the true and clear improved yearly Value of such Benefice, with Cure of Souls, Living or Curacy, Appropriate or Impropriate, and the true and clear improved yearly Value of the Maintenance of any Parson, Vicar, Curate, and Minister, officiating in any such Church or Churches, Chapel or Chapels, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, shall be commonly reputed to be under the Sum of One hundred Pounds by the Year; and when such Certificate shall be entered, subscribed, and attested, in the Manner in and by the said Act directed and appointed, respecting the Certificates of Value in the said Act mentioned, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners, " or a Quorum of them, conllfting of any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to augment any such Benefice or Living, or such Impropriate or Appropriate Curacy, or the Maintenance of any such Parson, Vicar, Curate or Minister, which shall so as aforesaid appear to them to be under the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds by the Year, by'granting to the Incumbent of such Benefice or Living, or to such Parson, Vicar, Curate or Minister, such an annual Salary to be paid out of the Interest of the said charitable Fund so bequeathed by the said Doctor Hugh Boulter, as that the Value so certified, together with such Augmentation so to be granted, shall not in the Whole exceed the Value of One hundred Pounds by the Year: Provided always, that every such Augmentation, and all such augmented Benefices, Curacies, and Maintenances, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, as the Augmentation of Benefices, Curacies, and Maintenances to the Sum of Sixty Pounds by the Year, is by the said recited Act declared to be subject and liable to.

CAP. LXI.

41 G. 3. c. 63.

C\TtaI« Public Oftctr* authorized to (cud and receive Letters and Packets free lre<n Peliage.

An Act to authorize certain Publick Officers to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post* free from the Duty of Portage.

[9th June 1806 ]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled > 4 v An Act to cuthorixe the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votet, Proceedings in Parliament

and printed Newspapers, by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes» 4 Proceedings, and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons; certain Publick Officers therein mined are authorized to fend ana receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, in the United Kingdom, in the Manner and under the ReHrfftions therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that certain other Publick Officers should, in like Manner, send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post free from Postage; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the jpafling of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain, the First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the President of the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of Matters

12, relating

A.D. 1806.

+6° GEORGII III. C. 61, 6t. 649

relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, and the Assistant Secretary to the Treasury in Great Britain, all for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Pi>ft, free from the Duty of Postage, within the United Kingdom, in the same Manner, and under such Restri3ions as the several Publick Officers are authorized by the Laws now in force to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for the Convenience of Publick Business, by Writing under their Hands, to authorize that Letters and Packets directed by His Majesty's Postmaster General, the Secretary to the Postmaster General, the Secretaries to the Treasury, and the Assistant Secretary to the Treasury in Great Britain respectively for the Time being, shall and may be sent by the Poll, free from Postage, without the Name of the Pole Town, and the Date of the Day, Month, and Year, when sent, being superferibed thereon 5 any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXII.

Tfeaftiry may

authorize ccrram Officer* to fend Letter free from Postage, without the Name of the Post Town, lie.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight [&*46 G. 3. hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties *<>] on the Exportation of certain Sort9 of Iron, Sugar, and Tea into and from Ireland.

[13th June 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

\Vj E> Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom ef Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and, for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, do most humbly beseech Your' Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be raised, levied, colle3ed, and paid, unto and for the Use of His motioned in0*" Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, (except as herein after is provided) without any Discount Schedule (A), whatever, upon the Importation of the several Sorts of Iron, Sugar, and Tea, mentioned and set forth in the and the Draw-Schedule hereunto anne: ed marked (A), imported into Ireland, the several Duties inserted* described, and set back*mentioned forth in Figures in the said Schedule; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks in d(C)on'respe3 of the said Duties as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in Figures in the said iron. Sugar, and Schedule marked (A), and in the Schedule marked (C), in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and T«/ shall be Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation and Exportation of Iron, Sugar, and Tea, of the like Sorts paid aodallowed. under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act.

Said Duties shall be payable on such Goods which shall not have been entered before June 14, 1806; and on 4€ Goods in Warehouse at the Time of the passing this Act, f 2, 3.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the A3s for the Union of Great Britain and Thc counter.

Ireland, that, in respe3 of the increased Duties hereby imposed on Brown or Muscovado Sugar imported into vailing Du: ie«

Ireland, increased countervailing Duties should be charged on the several Sorts of refined Sugar, mentioned on rtfiuo<3 Sugar

described and set forth in the Table or Schedule hereunto annexed marked (B), being the Produce or imported from,

Manufa3ure of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said menVioned*!*

increased Duties on Brown or Muscovado Sugar imported into Ireland be it therefore further enacted, That, Schedule (B) from and after the passing of this Act, there shall be charged on the several Sorts of refined Sugar, mentioned set shall be paid: forth and described in the Table or Schedule marked (B), the several countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all countervailing Duties whatever,

payable on such refined Sugar, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the

Time of the passing of this Act\ and that upon the Exportation of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Produ3, or Manufa3ure of Ireland to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback allowed.6*

equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same.

V. And Whereas it is expedient, on Account of the increased Duty by this Act imposed on Brown or on the Expor-

1 Muscovado Sugar imported into Ireland, that increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances Should be lation of leaned ' paid on the Exportation from Ireland of Sugar of the British Plantations in the same State in which it was Sugar, &c.

imported, and of all refined Sugar manufa3ured from such Sugar on the Importation whereof the Duties Bourne* set

imposed by this Act shall have been duly paid 5' be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed

on the Exportation from Ireland of any such refined Sugar the increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances iuowed. mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (C), to this Act annexed, in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances payable in Ireland, on the Exportation of refined Sugar under any former Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act: Provided always, that the Drawbacks and Bounties now payable by Law shall continue to be paid and allowed on all refined Sugar manufa3ured from raw Sugar, on the Importation whereof the Duties imposed by this Act shall not be paid; and that the increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances by this Act granted shall not be paid or allowed on any refined Sugar unless it shall appear that the increased Duty by this Act imposed was paid on the raw Sugar from which such refined Sugar was produced: Provided also, that such increased Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances shall be .paid and payable, and allowed and allowable in such Manner and under such Rules, Regulations, Restri3ions, and Conditions, in all Respe3s as the Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances on Exportation of refined Sugar from Ireland, are paid and payable and allowed or allowable under and by virtue of theleveral A3s in force in Ireland\ respe3ing such Drawbacks and Bounties or Allowances at the Time of the passing of this Act.

46 Geo. III. 4 O VI. And

65a

Treasury of Ireland authorized to suspend Payment of Part of the Duty on Sugar, in case the Price of Brown Sugar shall be below atrUin Sum#.

C. 62. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by Notice published in the London Gazette in Manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain, and pijj>lished in the Dublin Gazette in Manner prescribed by Law in Ireland, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Six Week* preceding the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, or for the Two Months preceding the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, or for the Two Month* preceding the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and six, or for the Four Months preceding the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of May % and the Fifth Day of September, respectively, in every succeeding Year, shall be below Forty-nine Shillings the Hundred Weight* then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commiluonera of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized to suspend, until the Publication in the Dublin Gazette as aforesaid of the Average Prices of the succeeding Four Months, the Payment of the Sum of One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Sugar by this Act granted; and if such Average Prices shall be below Forty-eight Shillings, then of Two Shillings of the said Duty; and if such Average Prices shall be below Forty-feveq Shillings, then Three Shillings of such Duty, in case the whole Duty granted by this Act shall at such Days and Times respectively be payable under this Act, or any Act for continuing the fame, and to continue any such Suspension if such Average Prices so published shall continue below such Sums of Forty-nine Shillings, Forty-eight Shillings, and Forty-seven Shillings the Hundred Weight respectively, or to alter the Amount of any such Suspension of Duty according to such Average Prices as aforesaid, and fp from I imo to Time so long as such Average Prices of such Sugar fhaB continue to be below such respective Prices the Hundred Weight as aforesaid, and to take off such Suspension when such Average Prices so published shall be above Forty-nine Shillings the Hundred Weight, and again in like Manner to suspend the same $ and every such Suspension, and also every Alteration or Termination of any such Suspension, mail be published Three Times in the Dublin Gazette immediately after every such Suspension, AJteration, or Termination thereof.

" Duties may be secured by Bond, a* former Duties. §7, — Duties shall be carried to the Irish Consolidated " Fund. §8. — Duties shall be levied as other Duties of Customs and Excise. §9. — Act may be altered thi* u Selfton. §10. — Continuance of Act, 29th September 1806, §11. — [Further continued to July St 1807. M 46 G. 3. c. 120. $ 1.]

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule A.

DUTIES payable on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of G»of Britain); and of the Drawback* to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland; in lieu of Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles under former Acts.

Duly. Drawback.

ARTICLES. £. t. d. £. t. J.

Iron, the Ton of Twenty Hundred Weight, in Bars or unwrought, — of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, or of the Produce of the United States of America, and imported from thence*0 10 0 0 IO O

- of any other Country - -'-.200 2 0 0

- flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than of an Inch square, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom — in foreign Shipping - 2 16 10 2 16 10

' 3*7 3 1 7

Sugar, the cwt. of the British Plantations; — — — White - - — Brown or Muscovado For the Drawbacks fee Schedule (C), to this Act annexed. — of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the East Indie*, having been imported into England by the United Company of Merchant* of England trading to the East Indies, for every/'100 of the Value thereof, British Currency, according to the Grois Price at which such Sugar shall have been publickly sold at the East India Company's Sale in London - 1 15 0 1 10 0 45 1 2 i* 4S 1

- and further, for every Hundred Weight of such Sugar 088 068

Tea, viz. imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the Sales of the East India Company in London for less than 2l. 6d. British the lb. Avoirdupois, for every £100 of the Value thereof, according to such Price - -.. 71 H 0 63 4 0

Schedule

Schedule B.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain (in lien of Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former Acts) imported into Ireland.

SUGAR REFINED.

For and upon every cwt. containing 112 lbs.

Of all Sugar called Bastards, whole or ground

- Lumps

- Single Loaf

- powder, Loaf, and Double Loaf

- Sugar Candy, Brown

- White

Sugar Refined of any other Sort

Duty.

£- x. d.

I 10 0

2 16 si

3 0 0

3 4 5i

2 16 3i

3 4 Si

" 3 4 Si

Schedule C.

*TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES on certain Sugars to he allowed and paid in lieu of former 1 Drawbacks and Bounties on the like Articles, \

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable.

1.

Dnwback to be allowed on Sugar of the Bri: i(h Plantations in the same State in which it was imported; and, Bounty on refined Sugar being ground or powdered Sugar.

If the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar published in the London Gazette shall not exceed 40l. Sterling the Cwt.

Zf it shall exceed 40#. and not exceed 45l.

- 4 5*- - 50l.

- 50l. - 58l.

58 /. 60S.

6ox. 62s

- 62 S. 64l.

- 6+f. - 66l.

- 66l..68y.

68l. - 70l.

Lf it shall exceed 7©/.

Sterling the Cwt.

od.

6

33'-31 30

30

27

24

21

iS

lS

12

Nothing

2.

3-

Bounty on refined Sugar called Bafiards, orj refined Loaf Sugar! ' broken in Pieces.

Bounty on other refined I Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined.

Sterling the Cwt.

Sterling the Cwt.

37 te- 60l. od.

ii <5 57

37 6 54

3° 5V

27 46 6

*4 40 6

21 36

l8 30

25 6

12 19 6

Nothing. Nothing.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty* for raising and establishing an Additional Force in Ireland for tKe Defence of the Realm.

£ 13th June 1806.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more cjfe&ually to raise and qffemble in Ireland an Additional Military Force, 43 O. 3. c. % s+

for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom y and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War \

And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 44g. 3. c. 74.

Aa for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the 1 Realmy and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enactedj and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and .with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Recited

and after the passing of this Act, the said several Acts shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except repealed, except as to the Recovering and PavmOut of the Produce of any pines, or Arrears of Fines, or of any Money arising fromJto Recovery* any Residue of any Sums of Money paid by or on Account of any Person ballotted to serve in the Additional rcccl*5? Force iaised or resumed to be raised under the said Act of the Forty-third Tear aforesaid, which shall have been 1 UQapp x 4 0a xcceived

652

Fine* levied and Dot applied for raisipg Men, shall be paid over to the C unty Ttea furors.

Relief to Families of Men serving under recited Act,

43G. 3. c. 85. lkall continue.

Present Duties of Stamps, &c. repealed.

44 G. 3- c. 68.

45 G. 3. c. 20. 45 G. 3. c. 51. repealed.

New Duties in Schedules A. and B. and Allowances in Schedule C.

; granted*

(>. 63, 64..46" GE.O RGII III. A D. r8o6.

received by any Person or Persons whatever, and which, after the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, shall remain in the Hands of such Person or Persons, and shall not have been paid and applied in Manner directed by the said recited Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years, or One of them; and also save and except as to the Recovering and Payment of any Money which shall have been received by any High Constable, Chief Condable, Sub-Con Sable, or other Person, for the Purpose of advancing Bounties to Recruits, under the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year, and shall not have been paid and applied before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act in Manner directed by the said last recited Act; and also save and except as to the Payment of the Charges and Expences of Persons required to carry the said Acts into Execution; and also as to all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively.

II. And be it further encted. That all and every Fines and Penalties which shall have been levied at any Time before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, and shall have been paid either into His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, or to any Person or Persons whatever, under the said recited Acts, or either of them, and shall not have been applied for the Purposes of raising Men in Manner directed by the said recited Acts respectively, shall, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, be paid over to the respective Treasurers of the several and respective Counties in Ireland, and shall be by such Treasurera respectively placed to the Credit of the respective Baronies or Half Baronies, Parishes or Places, within their respective Counties, on Account of whose Deficiency such Fines or Penalties were levied and paid, to be represented by the respective Grand Juries on Account of any future publick Cess to be thereafter levie \ on such Barouics, Half Baronies, Parishes, or Places respectively: Provided always, that all Payments to be made out of the said Exchequer of Ireland under the Authority of this Act, shall and may be made by Order under the Hands of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, without any other Warrant or Authority whatever.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conRrued to extend, to repeal any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid contained, in relation to any Relief to be granted to the Wives or Families of Corporals or Private Men raised and enrolled to serve under the said Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid; any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

t Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §4.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof s and to amend the Laws relating to die Stamp Dudes in Ireland.

[13th June 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several Rates and Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and upon

v other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the said Duties in f Ireland, are become numerous, intricate, and complicated, and it will tend to give Facility to Business and contribute materially to the Publick Benefit, to consolidate and simplify the same be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Duties of Stamps and other Duties under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland\ and all Allowances on the Purchase of Stamps granted and made payable by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, cease and determine; and that, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland; and also an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland 5 and also another Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have a fled as Notaries PubTtckwithout being duly licensed, in Ireland, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed; Save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears of Duties or Allowances remaining unpaid, and in all Cases relating to any Offence, Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall have been committed 6r incurred under the said recited Acts or either of them, on or before the said Fifth Day of July 5 and also save and except so much of the said last recited Act, as relates to the indemnifying of Persons who have afled as Notaries rublick.

II. 1 And Whereas the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty, s Government, have resolved

to grant to Your Majesty several new and additional and other Duties on damped Vellnm, Parchment, and

Paper, and upon other Articles and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties

in Ireland 5 and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July, in lieu and indead of the said Duties and Allowances by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collectedj and paid in Ireland, unto HU

Majesty,

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 64* 651

Majesty, HI > Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters, and Tiling* mentioned, enumerated, and described in the Schedules marked A. and B. to this Act annexed, the several Sum of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules marked A. and B. 5 and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid for, or in respect of all such Articles, Matters, or Things as are inserted, enumerated, and described in the Schedule marked C. to this Act annexed, the several Allowances or Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule marked C.; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount cr Allowance on the Purchase of Stamps, other than such as is and are expressedand directed in the said Schedule marked C; any Thing in an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to he levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and that so much of the said last recited Act, as provides that no Attorney, Publick Notary, or Scrivener, or their or any of their Clerks, shall be entitled to any such Allowance, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July, be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except only such of the said Duties as are under the Sum of Sixpence, or between the Sum of Sixpence and the Sum of One Shilling; and that in all Cases where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, or such Allowances are made, such Amount, a* well as the Rate of Duty or Allowance in respect thereof, shall be estimated, calculated, and taken in British Currency, except where the Amount of any Sum in respect of which any Duty is imposed, shall be expressed, estimated, or calculated, to be in Irish Currency, in which case such Duty shall be paid according to the Amount thereof in Irish Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable, shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and the said Commissioner* are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and (in order to denote the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act, on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, whenever they fee Occasion) to use such Stamps as have been heretofore provided, to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to alter or renew the fame, or any of them, from Time to Time; and to do all other Things necessary to be done, for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the several Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or the major Part of them, or any One or more of them, is or are authorized t# put in Execution any former Law concerning any Dut^ under the Management of the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who shall be possessed of any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark to denote any of the Duties now payable by Law on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any Duty is by this Act imposed greater than &e Duties now payable thereon, at any Time to bring such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to the said Commissioners at their Head Office in Dublin, who are hereby authorized and required, upon Request of such Person or Persons, to order either that such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper shall be damped with a Duty, denoting such greater or higher Duty, (the Person requesting the fame, paying the Difference of Price between the said respective Stamps), or that any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper which shall be brought for the Purpose by the Person requesting the fame, shall be duly stamped and marked with Stamps, denoting such Duties as the Person requesting the same shall require in Exchange for such damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as shall be offered for Exchange, (the Person to whom the same shall be given, paying the Difference, if any, between the said respective Stamps) s Provided always, that the Stamps marked on such Vellum, Parchment, and Paper as shall so be offered for Exchange shall be cancelled.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the several Duties hereby granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in Ireland, who shall pay the same, (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted), into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at such Time and in such Manner as the Dairies on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper are by Law directed to be paid; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That One Half or Moiety of the Money arising from the respective Duties of Twenty Pounds mentioned in the said Schedu'e A. to this Act annexed, on the Admilflon of any Student into the Society of King's Inn, or on the Admission of any Barriiler into the Inns of Court, and the Whole of the D uty of Seven Pounds in the said Schedule contained, and imposed upon each Part of any Indenture, Deed, Article, or Contract for binding any Person as Clerk or Apprentice to an Attorney, shall be respectively accounted for, paid, and applied in such and the like Manner as by the said Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties to le levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, is directed with respect to like Duties of Twenty Pounds and Seven Pounds mentioned and contained in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissionere for managing the Stamp Duties, out of any Revenue by them collected, to pay to any Persons licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wirve, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and

Limerick,

43 G. 3. c. 11.

Duties ufidrr this Act (h»U be payable in Britishi Currency.

Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps ui I f land.

Persons in Poffrflion of Stamps denoting the Duties now payable, may h*ve them esehanged for others, paying the Difference of Price.

Money .rifi^g by the Duties tharll be cat tied so the Irish Consolidated Fund,

Appl'cuion of Moiety of Duties of 20l. on Ad-million of Students and Barrifteix, and the 7l. Duty ou Attnrnics* Indentures; to King's Inns* 41 G. 3. C. 21. §8,

Commissioners empowered to; p»y B: /unties ti-Spirit Retailer*

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

654

for selling Beer in email Proportion?. Sec 45 G. 3. f. 50. §67.

Penalty on Per Com forging Scamp* or having forged Stamps in their Possession.

IPirft Offence felony, punishable by .Seven Vei'S Transport-arion j Second ^Offence Felony ^rilhout Oleigy.

Stamps shall be provided to denote the Duties payable, nBmk 'Notes and on Permits and Certificates j all iffucri afttr the Time heiein mentioned, not having tl e new 'Stamp, to be deemed um ft ampul.

43G. 3. f. IT. ^125. ejtemming .Bankers Note?, itc. flora Duty t-.j Compenfa-Iton, repealed.

*Pbn3lty or Persons engroiTing 'Vellum before Damped, See.

-or marked with A Du.y.

C. 64.

Limerick, such Bounties as such Persons shall, by the Certificate of the Commissioners of Excise, appear to be entitled unto in respect of having fold Strong Beer or Ale by Retail, within the Year ending the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, or any subsequent Year, ending on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, in such Quantities and Proportions as are specified in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland^ or as may be directed by any other Act or Acts hereafter to be made for the like Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp, to resemble any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp, at any Time heretofore kept or u(ed, or hereafter to be kept or used at the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Dublin, for denoting 4: he charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed to be stamped, any of the Duties charged thereon by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts at any Time in force in Irelandf although such Act or Acts may not be in force at the Time of such forging or counterfeiting; or if any Person or Persons save and except such Person or Persons as shall he lawfully entitled to have and to use the same for the Purpose of stamping Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners of Stamp Dutied for the Time being) shall have in his, her, or their Possession, any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp, to resemble any Type, Die, Mark, or Stamp heretofore kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said Head Office, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed to be ilamped, any of the Duties so charged thereon as aforesaid, or shall mark or impress, or cause or procure to be marked or impressed, on any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter directed to be damped any Device* Mark, or Impression used, kept, or made at the Head Office aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or Thing directed to be stamped, any of the Duties charged thereon by any Act of Parliament which shall have been in force in Ireland, at the Time when such Mark or Device shall have been so used or kept at the said Head Office, though such Act or Acts may not be in force at the Time of such Offence committed; of if any Person -shall utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, or shall have in his or her Possession with Intent to utter, vend, orfell the fame, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter with any Counterfeit Device, Mark, or Impression thereupon, to resemble any Device, Mark, or Impression used, kept, or made at the Head Office aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, knowing such Device, Mark, or Impression to be counterfeited; then and in any of the (kid Cases every such Person So offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall for the First Offence be transported for the Term of Seven Years, and for any subsequent Offence shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without 'Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties In Ireland, shall cause separate and particular Stamps or Marks to be provided and used to denote the Duties payable on Bank Notes and Bank. Pod Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Irdmdy or by any other Bank, or Banker or Bankersin Ireland, and also to denote the Stamp Duty payable on Permits relative to any exciseable or other Goods, and on Certificates x>f such Permits, and on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, and on such other Articles, Matters, and Things, as to the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties shall seem requisite and necessary^ and all such Bank Notes, Bank Poll Bills, Permits, Certificates, Licences, and other Arti: lea. Matters, and Things respectively, which shall be issued or granted, made or written after One Month from the Day on which publick Notice shall have been dr shall be given in the Dublin Gazette by the said Commissioners of Stamps, that such separate or new, or particular Stamps or Marks for the same have been or are respectively provided, and which shall be engrossed, written, or printed on any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, without such Stamps or Marks, or having any other Stamps or Marks than those so provided or used for the Purpose aforesaid 'respectively, although such Stamps maybe of the Amount by Law required, (hitll he of no other Effefl than if they had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or damped; and all Persons who shall write or print any such Bank Note, Bank Pod Bill, Permit, Certificate, Licence, or other Article Matter, or Thing, on any Paper or Parchment, having any other Stamps than those so provided for the Purpose* aforesaid# shall incur and suffer such Penalty as they would be liable to in case such Bank Note, Bank Pod Bill, Permit, Certificate, Licence, or other Article, Matter, or Thing, respectively had been written or printed on Paper or Parchment not marked or damped.

XI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as exempts Bank Notes, and Bank Pod Bills, issued by any Bank or Banker or Bankers in Ireland, (other than the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland), from any of the Duties by the said Act charged and made payable, and as authorizes any Compensation to be made by or received from such Bank, (other than the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland* or by such Banker or Bankers, for and in lieu of 6tamp Duties payable on Bank Notes and Bank Pod Bilk issued by such Bank or Banker or 'Bankers shall be and continue to be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, if any Person shall ingrdfs, write, or print, or shall cause to beingrossed, written, or printed, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any Matter or Thing for which such Veflum, Parchment, or Paper ought to have a Stamp or Mark denoting the Payment of the Duty charged thereon, before such Time as such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall be marked or damped with such Mark or Stamp as is by Law required; or if any Person shall ingross, write, or print, or cause to be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Matter or Thing upon

toy

A.D. 1806.

+6« GEORGII III. C. 64. 655

any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall be marked or stamped for any lower Duty or Duties, than the Duty or Duties by .Law payable thereon, in respect of the Matter or Thing ingrossed, printed, or written thereon, (except under the Rules, Regulations, and Directions in this Act contained), every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and in case any Clerk, Officer, or other Penafry on Person, who in respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entitled or entrusted to make, ingross, or Officer" any write any Record, Entry, Deed, instrument, or Writing whatsoever, chargeable with a Stamp Duty under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or to issue any Process, or to file any p^d.°^Proceeding, or to do any Ad in the Execution of his Office, with respect to any Article, Matter, or Thing chargeable with any such Duty, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Practice, or Neglect, to deceive or defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any such Duty, by making, ingrossing, or writing, any such Record,

Entiy, Deed, instrument, or Writing, or by causing the same to be made, ingrossed, or written, upon Vellunr, "

Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped according to Law, or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked or stamped with any Mark, Stamp, or Impression which he shall know to be counterfeited; or by ingrossing or writing any such Record, Deed, instrument, or other Writing upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, which shall bevmark, ed or stamped fora lower Duty than the Duty by Law payable for the fame, or by neglecting to do any Thing required by him to be done, in the Execution of his Office, or by doing any Thing contrary to the Duty of his Office, in relation to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, that then and in every such Case, every such Clerk, Officer, or Person, so guilty of any such Fraud,

Practice, or Neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall also upon Conviction

for such Offence, forfeit his Office, Place, or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; and if any Attorney belonging to any Court whatsoever, shall be guilty of any such Fraud Penalty on,

as aforesaid, and shall be convicted thereof, he mall be disabled for the future to practise as an Attorney and if Alton ey.

any Record, Entry, Deed, instrument, or Writing whatsoever, on which any Stamp Duty is charged and Penalty on any

made payable by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, shall, contrary to the true Intent and olhcr

Meaning of this Act, be written or ingrossed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, (not being a known Clerk

or Officer who in respect of any Office or Employment, is or shall be entitled to the making, writing, or

ingrossing the fame), upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped, according to Law, or shall be written or mgrossed upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked or stamped for a lower Duty than is by

Law payable thereon, (except under the Rules, Regulations, and Directions in this Act contained), then and

in every such Case there shall be due and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for every such Deed,

instrument, or Writing, over and above the Stamp Duty charged and payable thereon by Law, the Sum of Ten

Pounds; and no such Record, Entry, Deed, instrument, or Writing, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in n0 fuel. Record,

any Court, or admitted in any Court, or by any Person to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, Deed, See. good

until as well such Stamp Duty, as the said Sum of Ten Pounds, shall be first paid to the Use of His Majesty,n u"Ml

His Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the fame, under the Hand or Hands of some Officer*

appointed to receive the Duties of Stamps; nor until the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such an<i Deed

Record, Entry, Deed, instrument, or Writing, shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with the staraped, fcc.

proper Mark or Stamp, to denote the Duty payable thereon; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby

enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of such Duty and the Sum of Ten Pounds unto him or them,

to give a Receipt for the fame, and to mark or Stamp such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the Mark or

Stamp proper for such Record, Entry, Deed, instrument, or Writing respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred The Number of and fix, where any Duty is by this Act, or by the Schedules hereto annexed, or any of them, directed to be paid Stamp* for any according to the Number of Sheets or Skins, every such Sheet shall be calculated to contain Seventy-two Words, Jbal^be wVctf*0* and every such Skin shall be calculated to contain Fifteen such Sheets; and that in all Cases where any Stamp , ^the

Duty is imposed, (except where express Mention is made in the said Schedules or any of them, of any other or Manner hercifc different Quantity or Mode of Calculation), the Number of Stamps to be put on the Skin or Skins, or Piece or spedfud. Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Sheets, or Piece or Pieces of Paper, upon which any Indenture,

Lease, Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, shall be regulate ! in Manner following, according to the Number of Words, of which the Whole of such Indenture, Leaie, Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing shall consist 5 that is to say, where the Quantity of Words of which any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing shall consist, shall not exceed Fifteen Sheets calculated as aforesaid. One Stamp shall be put on the Skin, or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on which the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed; and where the Quantity or Number of Words of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing shall consist, shall amount unto Thirty such Sheets, Two Stamps shall be put on the Skin or Skins, Sheet or Sheets, or Piece or Pieces of Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, on which the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, and so progressively One further Stamp for every Fifteen such Sheets, above the Number of Thirty such Sheets of which such Indenture, Lease,

Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing shall consist; and that One or more Stamp or Stamps shall be put according to the Calculation aforesaid, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing, or any Part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed: Provided always, that if the Quantity or Number of Words of which any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, instrument, or Writing shall consist, shall, after calculating every Amount of Fifteen Sheets thereof in Manner aforesaid, exceed the Number of such Sheets so calculated by a less Quantity of Words than other Fifteen such Sheets, no further Stamp shall be required for such Excels above the Number of Sheets so calculated, unless such Excess, or some Part thereof,

/hall be ingrossed, written, ox printed, on a distinct Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece

11 of

656

&c.

annexed to Indentures deemed i'arc thereof.

Indentures, &c. Which have been Damped with one Stamp when hhuik, ra.»y be fully Damped within a limited Time.

Officer shall calculate the Duty on Indentures, &c. and write on them certain Particular*.

On Payment of Duty at the Head Office, Indentures, St c. Dull be Damped, and at other Office* Indentures, dee. shall be tnnsmitted to the Head Office within it Days dor that Purpose. Officer* receiving Duty shall acknowledge Receipt of In-denturesjdcc. for T raofmission, &c.

Any Person not bringing Indentures, net duly Ramped, to be io Damped, shall forfeit 20l.

Indentures, &c. may be Damped at the Head Office at any Time on Payment of the Duty and a Penalty.

C. 64. 46" GEORGII Hr. A.D. 1806.

of Paper, on which less than Fifteen Slurets in the Whole shall be engrafted, written, or printed; and tlut where a Stamp Duty is imposed on any Indenture, Bond, Lease, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, in Proportion to the Amount of Rent reterved, or of Money lent or paid, such Stamp Duty shall be payable and paid in respect only of any Number of Words, amounting to Fifteen Sheets or less, of which such Indenture, lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall con fill; and that in respect of any Number of Words beyond Fifteen Sheets, of which such Indenture, Bond, Lease, or other Deed, Instrument, or Wr ting shall consist, a Stamp Duty shall be paid, and the Number of Stamps shall be calculated and put on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, according to the Directions of this Act, as in case of an Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, not chargeable according to the Amount of Rent reserved, or Money lent or paid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to Cases where it is expressly provided in any of the Schedides to this Act annexed, that any Duty imposed and mentioned in such Schedule, shall not be charged upon or in respect of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Schedule or other Instrument annexed to any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, and every Indorsement made thereon, shall, in estimating the Number of Stamps required by virtue of this Act to be put thereon, be deemed as Part of such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing; and the Quantity or Number of Word contained therein shall be calculated as if the same were contained in such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where cny Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall have been ingross d, written, or printed, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with One Stamp on every Skin or Piece of such Vellum or Parchment, or on every Sheet or Piece of such Paper, before any Matter or Thing shall have been ingrafted, written, or printed thereon, but shall not hive been fully damped as by this Act is directed, such Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, may be brought or transmitted at any Time before the Execution thereof, or after Execution thereof, within the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the Head Office of the said Commissioners, for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Dublin, and shall and may be there fully stamped as this Act requires, on Payment of the Duty for the fame; and that whenever any Indenture, Lease, Bona, Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall he required to be stamped as aforesaid, the same shall be carried and delivered to some Officer appointed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and such Officer shall calculate the Duty payable thereon, and the Number of Stamps required by this Act to be put thereon, and shall receive the said Duty accordingly, and shall write'in Words at Length upon the Margent of each Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, whereon such Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, the Number of Sheets contained therein according to the Calculation herein-before directed, and the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and shall subscribe hi* Name thereto; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at the said Head Office, then the Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, Instrument, or Writing so brought to be stamped, shall, on Payment of the said Duty be stamped with such Number of Stamps, and such Stamps as the Case shall require; and in case the Duty shall be so paid at any other Office or Place, or to any Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners, the Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, whereon the Duty so payable, and the Number of Sheets so contained therein, shall have been calculated and written, shall be transmitted within the Space of Twenty-ene Days from the Day of Payment of such Duty to the Head Office to be stamped, and the same shall be stamped accordingly, with such Number of Stamps as the Case shall require; and if the Person paying such Duty at any such Omen or Place, or to any such Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be desirous that the same shall be transmitted to the said Head Office by the Officer to whom such Duty shall be paid, and shall leave the same with such Officer for such Purpose, such Officer shall upon Request sign and deliver an Acknowledgement that such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, has been left with him for such Purpose, and shall transmit such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, to the said Head Office to b* stamped as aforesaid; and the same shall be returned to such Officer as soon as conveniently may be, after the stamping thereof, and such Officer shall deliver back the same to the Person entitled thereto, upon re-delivery to him of the Acknowledgement which he shall have given for the same if any such shall have been given.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, if any Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall engraft, write, or print, or cause to be engrossea, written, or printed, cny Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with one Stamp only in Manner aforesaid, or not duly damped according to the Directions of this Act, and shall neglect to bring such ndenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, to be duly damped, in the Manner, and within the Time herein directed and allowed for stamping the fame, every such Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, That it shall and may^be lawful for such Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, Officer, or other Person, to carry or transmit any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, at any Time within Six Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to the said Head Office to be stamped m Manner aforesaid, paying the Duty for the fame, and also the further Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Penalty; and also to carry or transmit the same to the said Head Office to be damped in like Manner, at any Time after the

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 64. 657

the Expiration of the said Six Months, on Payment of the Duty for the fame, and also the further Sum of Ten Pounds for every Skin or Piece cf Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, whereon such Indenture,

Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing shall be engrossed, written, or printed, by way of Penalty, for not having before caused the same to be duly stamped, according to the Directions of this Act; but no' No Indenture Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall in any Case be pleaded or, given in available unless Evidence, or be good, useful, or available-in any Manner whatever, unless and until the same shall be fully dul)' damped, stamped as required by this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Action or Prosecution shall be com- Anions brought

menced against any Person for engrossing, writing, or printing any Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, or other for engrwffing Instrument or Writing, contrary to the Directions of this Act, which shall not be brought to the said Head ^nt'ary^o'this* Office to be stamped, within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof, and such Action or Prosecution not to be shall be prosecuted with Effect, the same shall not be delayed, prejudiced, defeated, or baned, by reason defeated hv Puy-of the Payment of any Duty or Penalty on stamping the fame, or by reason of the same being stamped after ment of liuDutv, the Commencement of such Action or Prosecution; but that the Plaintiff or Prosecutor in such Action or °U

'Prosecution shall be entitled to recover as if such Duty and Penalty had not been paid, or such Stamp or Stamps ora 1

had not been put thereon after the Commencement of such Action; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall add any Word or Words in or to any such J>cna't3r., 00,

Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, after any Officer or Person appointed by the said Com- j^jcniunS*&c missioners, shall have calculated the Duty payable thereon, and before the same shall be duly stamped, according after the # to the Directions of this Act, or shall alter any Word or Letter in any Writing hereby required to be made, by has been caicu-such Officer or Person on the Margent of such Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, after lated, and before such Officer shall have signed the same according to the Directions of this Act, or shall knowingly utter or &c*

publish as true any such Indenture, Lease, Bond, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, with such Word or Words I0^ '

added thereto, or any such altered Writing, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case every Person so adding, altering, uttering, or publiftiing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of .One hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Stamp Duty by this Act and the Schedule A. hereto annexed, Stamps oa

imposed with respect to any Letter of Attorney, empowering any Person to execute any Lease or Leases of Liters of Lands in Ireland, shall in all Cases be payable and paid by the Leflor or Party granting such Lease or Letter of Leases

Attorney, and not by the Tenant or Lessee, any Agreement, Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary ^a)| bc pai(j b^ notwithstanding. 7 Lrfll»rs.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Derds brought*and lix, whenever any Deed, Conveyance, or Will shall be brought to be registered pursuant to an Act of Parliament to I. registered

made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the public registering of all u, de' 6 Ann.

Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills that shall be made of any Houses, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or j}jaj| be detained

any Act or Acts made for the Amendment thereof, it shall and may bc lawful for the Regilirar appointed for by Registrar rbat

the Registry of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills under the said recited Acts, and he is hereby authorized and Stamps may be

required to Keep and detain in his Custody all such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills as shall be so brought to him, examined.

and all Memorials thereof for the Space of Ten Days at the lead after the same shall be delivered to or left with

him for the Purpose of being registered, unless the same shall be sooner inspected in Manner after mentioned;

and the said Registrar shall from Time to Time produce all such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and all

Memorials thereof, in his Custody, to any Officer or Person appointed by the said Commissioners for managing

the Stamp Duties for the inspection of Stamps, whenever such Registrar shall be thereto required by such

Officer or Person; and in case such Registrar shall refuse or neglect to keep and detain such Deeds, Conveyances,

Wills and Memorials, for the Space of Ten Days, unless the same shall have been foouer inspected, or to produce the same when required in Manner aforesaid, he shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty rounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation P^tly on or Company in Ireland, which shall admit any Person or Persons into any such Corporation or Company by themselves, or by same Person or Persons employed by or under them, previously to the Admission of any such Curp-K»ti "nV lt0 Person into any such Corporation or Company, to demand and receive for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs wiihoir iec: iv-and Successors, of and from the Person so to be admitted, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed ing the Stamp on the Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of the Admission of such person into such Corporation or Company; PUT'es P'7jblc and the Town Clerks or Clerk or other proper Officer of such Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or lUcrcolK Company, shall make an Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp in some Book, Roll, or Record of such Corporation or Company, within One Month after any Person shall be admitted into such Corporation or Company; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if such Town Clerk, Clerk, or other Officer, shall neglect or refuse so to do, he shall for every such. Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Town Clerks, Clerks, and other Publick Officers who shall from Borki and Time to Time have in their Custody, any Publick Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets, or p^odicfr Proceedings, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the securing any of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in n"y be inipe^>^ Ireland, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omission in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall at by Persons ap-all seasonable Time or Times permit any Officer or Person thereunto authorized by the Commissioners for the panted by the Time being, appointed to manage the said Duties or the major Part of them, to inspect and view all such Books, Commissioneri 46 Geo. III. 4P piles, Staiupi.

C5S C. 64.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Solicitors, &c. fh.ill, between Nov. 1. and the Commencement of HiUry Term, annually, deliver, at the HeaciOffii e

Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets, and Proceedings as aforesaid, and to take thereout such Notes and Memorandums as shall be necessary for the Purposes last mentioned without Fee or Reward; and if any Town Clerk, Clerk, or other Officer shall refuse or neglect so to do upon Demand made by such Officer or Person so authorized as aforesaid, such Town Clerk, Clerk, or other Officer so refuting or neglecting, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and six, every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled, or rendered, a Solicitor or Attorney, or as a ProCtor, Agent, or Procurator in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland, holding Pleas where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or more, shall annually, between the First Day of November and the Commencement of Hilary 'Derm then next following, during fuph Time as he shall continue so to practise iu any of the said in DuUtn, aNoie Courts, or before such Person shall commence, carry on, or defend, any Action or Suit or any Proceedings cunt.oning whatsoever, in any of the said Courts, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commissioners appointed to ©rdcTto obtain* the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to their Officer or Officers appointed by

Certificates. them, at the Head Office of Stamps in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing containing the Name and usual Place of Residence of such Person, and dating whether he has been so admitted Three Years or not 5 and thereupon, and upon Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed, according to the Time he has been admitted as dated in such Paper or Note in Writing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly damped to denote the Payment of the Duty imposed according to the Time he shall have been admitted as aforesaid; which Certificate the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by them for that Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer, in such Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

Certificates Anil

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Certificate so to be obtained as aforesaid, shall be produced in be entered with one of the Courts in which the Person described therein shall be admitted, enrolled, sworn, or registered, to

be appointed shall and he and they is and are hereby respectively required, from Time to Time, upon the

Production of such Certificate duly damped, and upon the Payment of the Fee of One Shilling, to enter in

Alphabetical Order the Names of the Persons defenbed in such respective Certificates, together with the Places of such their Residence, and the Time they have been admitted as aforesaid, and the respective Dates of such

stooks, ice. mjy Certificates, in Books or Rolls to be prepared for that Purpose, to which Books or Rolls in the said Courts he iiiipclted.

Date and Dth-ation of sech Certificates.

Penalty on atflirg without Certificate or giving false P-ce of Re fi deuce, Jcc. 501

respectively, all Persons shall and may at seasonable Times have free Access without Fee or Reward.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Certificate issued to any Solicitor ar Attorney, ProCtor, Agent, or Procurator, under the Directions of this ACfc, between the First Day of November in any Year and the Commencement of the then next Hilary Term, shall bear Date on the Second Day of November in such Year; and every Certificate issued at any other Time shall bear Date on the Day on which the same shall be issued; and every such Certificate shall cease and determine on the First Day of November next following the Day of the Date thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and six, any Person who shall in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person or Persons sue out any Writ or Process, or commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceeding as an Attorney or Solicitor, ProCtor, Agent, or Procurator, in any of the Courts aforesaid, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee, or Reward, without having obtained such Certificate in such Manner as herein-before is directed, or shall deliver in to the respective Officers to be appointed for the Purpose of issuing, granting, or rrfiltering such Certificates, any false or fictitious Place of Residence, or any false or fictitious Statement of his having been admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, ProCtor, Agent, or Procurator, or of the Time when he shall have been so admitted, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward, or Disbursements on account of prosecuting, carrying on, or de fending any such Action, Suit, or Proceeding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Attorney or Solicitor in Ireland\ who shall not have previously paid the full Amount of the Stamp Duty by Law charged and payable on any Warrant to appear for

paying the Duty aDy Plaintiff or Defendant, or to prosecute or defend any Action or Suit, or to confess Judgement thereon, or «n Wairants on any process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument, or Proceeding whatsoever, in any Action

or Suit at Law or in Equity, shall charge to the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, or shall receive from such Plaintiff or Defendant, or from any other Person, the Amount of any such Stamp Duty, and shall not hive actually made use of or issued or filed the Warrant, Writ, Process, Pleading, Rule, Order, Record, Instrument, or Proceeding, duly stamped as required by Law, for which such Charge shall be made, or such Amount shall be received, such Attorney or Solicitor shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, no original Writ, Subpoena, Habeas Corpus, Capias, Quo minus, or afiy other Writ or any other Process or Mandate to require the Appearance of any Person or Persons whatsoever in any Suit, Plea, or Action whatsoever, shall issue or pass the Seal of any of His Majesty's Courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in Dublin, or any other Court whatsoever in Ireland\ where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings, or the Thing in Demand if of1 that Value, nor frail any Declaration in

Ejectment

Penalty on Aitornks not

or other Proceedings in Suits.

Warrants of Attorney shall in all Cases be fijrd before issuing Process or entering Appearance by the Attorney.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 64. 659

Ejedment be received or filed in any of the Courts at Dublin, nor shall any Appearance be received or entered in any of the said Courts, unless and until the Attorney or Solicitor who shall issue such Writ, Process, or Mandate, or who shall bring or fend such Declaration in Ejedment to be filed, or who shall enter such Appearance, shall first file or cause to be filed with the proper Officer of the Court, who shall issue such Writ, Process, or Mandate, or shall enter or file such Declaration or Appearance, a Warrant of Attorney duly stamped from the Person or Persons at whose Suitor on whose Behalf such Writ, Process, or Mandate shall so issue, or such Declaration in Ejedment shall be Filed, or such Appearance shall be entered empowering such Attorney or Solicitor to issue such Writ, Process, or Mandate, or to deliver such Declaration or enter such Appearance, as the Case may be.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Atiomics shaft hundred and six, before any Attorney of the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, shall Warrant enter Satisfaction upon the Foot of the Record of any Judgement entered of Record in any or either of the said SarKaSion of Courts, such Attorney shall first file with the proper Officer of the Court the Warrant empowering him to enter

such Satisfaction duly stamped with the Stamp Duty in the Schedule to this Act annexed mentioned

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Stamp Duty in the Schedule (A) to this Act annexed, Dufy on

mentioned, and imposed, on any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Demurrer, or Plea, at Law or in Equity, filed by Dcehrauoris^j^ or on Behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor, who shall sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor, in his own proper flapp'd

Person, in the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or any other Court of Law on the first Skin, whatsoever in Ireland, or in the Court of Chancery, or the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, shall be

stamped and marked on the First Skin of Vellum or Parchment or Sheet or Piece of Paper on which any such Declaration, Bill, Answer, Demurrer, or Plea, shall be ingrossed and filed in any of the Courts aforesaid by or on Behalf of such Attorney, and shall be paid and payable over and above all other Stamp Duties payable on inch Declaration, Bill, Answer, Demurrer, or Plea, respectively.

XXXII. And for the better ascertaining the Duties on Rules and Orders to be from Time to Time made Ru!e Bock of

and given in Causes depending in the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Chancery, or Exchequer, ' C uits of King's

be it enacted, That, from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and six, the Officer Bc"cl>

or Officers of each and every such Courts respectively having the legal Custody of the Rule Books belonging

to each of the said Courts respectively, shall cause such Rule Books to be duly damped at the Head Office of P

the said Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin with the Stamps imposed on the Rules and .Orders of such Courts

respectively, and in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed particularly mentioned and set forth; and no such

Rule or Order shall be entered in any such Rule Book before and until the proper Stamp for every such Rule or

Order shall have been damped or marked on the Leaf or Leaves of the Rule Book, in which such Rule or Order

shall be entered, any Ad or Ad* in force in Ireland, or any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary

notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Declarations to hundred and six, in any Ejedment to be brought for Non payment of Rent, pursuant to the several Statutes Ejectments shall now in force in Ireland, and also in any Ejedment on Title, the original Declaration in such Ejedment shall be

filed in the Court wherein such Ejedment shall be brought before Service of such Ejedment or any Notice Service tnefc thereof, or of any such Declaration or any Copy thereof, on the Defendant or Tenant in Possession; and that a Copy of such Declaration, being first made out by the Attorney who shall briner the same to be filed, shall be signed and attested by the proper Officer of the Court wherein the same shall be filed' (for which no Fee shall be given) as of the Term wherein such Ejedment shall be brought; and that on the Service of such Ejedment, or.of any Notice thereof, or of any Copy of such Declaration on the Defendant or Tenant in Possession, it shall be sufficient to shew and produce to such Defendant or Tenant in Possession such attested Copy of such Declaration, and the shewing and producing such attested Copy shall be as good and valid to all Intents anc| Purposes as if the original Declaration had been so produced and shewn; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. '

XXXIV. And, for the better guarding against the Forgery and re-issuing-of Stamps used in Processes for Civ*l Bill % Recovery of Small Debts, by way of Civil Bin in Ireland, ' be it enacted, That all Civil Bill Processes and ail

Copies thereof, shall be signed, dated, and appointed for each particular Cause and Session, by the respective^A*(?istant C* A (lift ant Barr i tiers in every County in Ireland; and every such Assistant Barrister shall, for signing, dating, and Bantkers* appointing every such original Process, and all the Copies thereof, receive from the Plaintiff or Person issuing or requiring such rrocefs, the Sum of Sixpence British Currency in the Whole, and no more; and that every Plaintiff obtaining a Decree shall be entitled to recover against the Defendant such Sum of Sixpence, in Addition to the other legal Cods heretofore recoverable by Law; and that any Person using any such Procefe or Copy or Copies thereof for any other Purpose than that for which such Process or Copy was so signed, dated, and appointed, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punishable as for a Miiaemeanor at Common Law.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit, made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any No Affidavit*

Presentment of any Grand Jury for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or for any other publick Purpose, shall for grounding a be lodged with or received by the Secretary of any Grand Jury, nor shall be entered in any Schedule delivered Pr«frn?m«nt to sfny Grand Jury, nor shall any such Affidavit be delivered to any Grand Jury, unless such Affidavit shall be tobe^received written on Paper llamped with the Stamp required by the Schedule to this Act annexed; any Law, Usage, or unless duly Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. damped.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall cause to be printed Stamps for in Roman Letters on the Face of every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, and of every Sheet or Piece of Licences shall Paper, on which dud1 be stamped any of the Duties by this Act and the Schedule (A) hereto annexed, imposed Word* in respect of any Licences for the several Purposes in the said Schedule specified, certain Words at Length, Liewes figmfying the particular Licence to which such Stamp shall be applicable; and that no Licence shall be good, they are

4 P 2 Valid, applicable.

66o

C. 64. 46° GEORGII IH. A.D. 1806.

Cetfain Licences shall be gr-tmed by C »mmissioner* of Excise, Sec. in Iiciaud, viz.

Tobacco-

M^nufadturers.

Rentiers.

Spirit Fadlois.

M 'It Sellers.

Mj lifters. Brewers, etc. of Beer and Sweet?, Me^d, Vinegar. Tanners. Vellum. Paper-Hanging and Paper Mikers. Auctionrers.

Gl ifs-B >tt le-Venders. Manufacturer* of Candles and Soap.

Certain Licences C romiflkmers of Stump*, viz.

Hurfcs hired. Harters.

Codec Sellers. Grocer.

Plate (Gold and Silver) Makers. Hawkers.

valid, or effectuat, to any Purpose whatsoever, unless the same shall be signed and granted upon Paper duly stamped, and on which such Words shall be printed in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Licences to Persons,

To manufacture Tobacco, or to deal in Unmanufactured Tobacco:

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters; And also Licences to Fasto.s or Persons not being Distifiers, and not being otherwise licensed to fell-Spirits, felling Foreign Spirits or Home-made Spirits on Commission:

And also Licences to Persons not being Maltsters, felling Malt on Commission: '

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Malt House, and make Malt for Sale:

And also Licences to Persons to brew Strong Beer or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale;

And also Licences to Persons to brew or make for Sale Sweets or Made Wines r And also Licences to Persons to make for Sale, or fell Metheglin or Mead:

And also Licences to Persons to make Vinegar for Sale:

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather, or to drefa Hides or Skins in Oil:

And also Licences to Persons to make Vellum or Parchment:

And also Licences to Persons to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale, or to fell Paper Hangings:

And also Licences to Persons to keep a Mill for making Paper:

And also Licences to Persons to fell by Auction:

And also Licences to Persons to make Glass Bottles and other Vessels and Utensils of common Bottle Metal: And also Licences to Persons to manufacture Candles or Soap for Sale:

- shall and may, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted and issued in Manner following, that is to say y if any Person or Persons requiring any such Licence do and shall produce to the Chief Commissioners of Excise in Ireland or to any Person or Persons to be by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, for that Purpose appointed, Vellunh, Parchment, or Paper, duly stamped with the Duty by this Act required for such Licences respectively, and with such Words printed thereon as shall be applicable to the Licence required (but not otherwise) it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, or for the Person or Persons by the said Commissioners for that Purpose appointed, to grant any such Licence or Licenced respectively to any Person or Persons who shall respectively require the fame, in Writing, without any "Fee or Reward for the fame; and that in all such Licences shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence, printed in Manner aforesaid, the Name and Residence of the Person to whom the same shall be granted, the Day of issuing the fame, and the Time for which the same shall be in force, in such Manner and Form as may be from Time to Time directed by the said Commissioners of Excise for that Purpose.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, shall and may under his or their Hand or Hands grant any Licence or Licences ( without Fee or Reward) to any Person or Persons who shall require the fame, in Writing, for any of the Purposes following y that is to say,

To let but Horses for Hire for the Purpose of travelling Post, by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage;

To manufacture Hats, :

To fell Hats by Retail:

To fell Coffee by Retail, or to keep a Coffee House:

To fell Tea or Groceries by Retail:

To fell or make for Sale any Gold or Silver Plate:

To be Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen;

All Person* licensed (bill) co-npl) with' R- puldtion* of

45U.3.C. 52.

45G., c. 50.

R'Sot.tiom .i» to Licences to Manufacturers and Seikis of Hats.

And that in all such Licewres shall be contained and set forth the Purpose of such Licence printed in Manner aforesaid, and also the, Name and Residence of the Person to whom such Licence shall be granted, the Date of issuing the fame, and the Time for which the same shall be in force, in such Manner and Form as may be from Time to Time directed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person applying for any of the said Licences shall comply with all the Directions, Rules, and Regulations in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Licences to Persons in Ireland, dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the federal Occupations therein mentioned, or in this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to such Licences respectively mentioned and contained; and that all Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine* Beer, Ale, ar*d Cyder, by Retail, shall be granted and iffned in Manner and under the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, contained in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, IFine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, or any Act or Acts for amending the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall cause to be printed on the Face of every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper on which shall be stamped any " of the Duties by this Act and the Schedule (A) hereto annexed imposed, in respect of Licences to any Person to manufacture Hats, or to utter or vend Hats by Retail, besides the Words signifying the particular Licence to which such Stamp shall be applicable, a List of the several Duties payable under Schedule (B) to this Act annexed, for and upon the several Sorts of Hats sold by Retail; and that before any Licence shall be granted to any Person to manufacture Hats, or to fell Hats by Retail, any Person requiring such Licence to manufacture; Hats shall first make Oath that he will not fell any less Quantity than One Dozen of Hats at one Time to any one Person without taking out a Licence to utter or vend Hats by Retail, and any Person requiringifuch Licence

to

A.D. 1805. 46° GEORGII III. C. 64, 661

to utter or vend Hats by Retail, shall first make Oath that he will not utter, vend, or sell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold, any Hat whatever which shall not have a Lining affixed therein duly stamped according to Law; and that he will not himself defraud, or willingly permit or suffer any Person in his Service or Employment to defraud, or in any Manner directly or indirectly be concerned, aiding, or abetting in the defrauding His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of the Stamp Duties on Hats; which Oath shall and may be taken before the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any One of them, or before any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, and shall be signed by the Party making the same, and shall be produced to the Person required to grant such Licence by the Party requiring such Licence resp^dtively.

XLI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An 43 G.3 c.a*.

Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats, ana on Hats sold by Retail, in §4

Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Person licensed by the said Act to deal in Hats shall H*r Duties.

remove Hats purchased by him from the Shop or Warehouse of a Manufacturecr until he shall have furnished to

+the Commissioners of Stamp Duties such Statement in Writing, and shall have taken out from some one of the said Commissioners such Permit as in and by the said Act are mentioned and directed: And Whereas it is

expedient to facilitate the granting of such Permits Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing Commissioners of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, by Warrant under of Stamp Duties their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, or any J?a^0cnm^°wcr other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to receive the Statements and to grant and re^c|ve* to*

issue the Permits in the said Act mentioned, subject nevertheless to such Regulations, Provisions, Privileges, Su foments and Restrictions. Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with the like Means and Powers for recovering and issue Perm ts applying such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in and by the said recited Act enacted in relation to the Statements upder recited directed to be furnished and to the Permits directed to be granted by any of the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act 1 and that all Statements furnished to and all Permits granted by the said Distributors or other Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act, shall he as good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and f urpofea as if such Statements had been furnished to or such Permits had been granted and issued by the said Commissioners of Stamps under and by virtue of the said lall recited A cl; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His Provisiom in present Majesty's Reign, as permits or allows any licensed Dealer in Hats, during the Continuance of such 43 G. 3. c. 22. Licence, to fell to any other licensed Dealer in Hats, any Hat or Hats wherein no Lining shall be affixed, §6.

damped, or marked, or before such Time as the Lining or inflde Covering thereof shall have been damped or ^Hats

marked in Manner directed by Law, shall be and the same is hereby repealed y and that if any such licensed jj" jfc7nifed

Dealer in Hats shall, after the passing of this Act, fell to any other licensed Dealer in Hats, or to any other Dealers,

Person, any Hat or Hats wherein no Lining shall be affixed, stamped, or marked, or before such Time as the repealed. Lining or inside Covering thereof shall have been stamped or marked in Manner directed by Law, such licensed.

Dealer in Hats shall be liable to such Penalties and Forfeitures as are inflicted by the said last recited Act of the Forty-third Year aforesaid, on any other Person felling such Hats in Manner aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and maybe lawful Commissioners for the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, or any One or more of them, and they are of Stamps nuy. hereby required to grant to any Person or Persons requiring the same (not being a Distributor of Stamps so*p^onto5 appointed by the said Commissioners) a Licence to deal in and retail Stamps, which Licence shall be duly retail sumps. Ramped: Provided always, that every Person requiring such Licence shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, (which Bond the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to.take for His Majesty's Use', in the Penalty of One hundred rounds, conditioned that such Person shall not fell nor offer to fell or have 7 or keep in his or her offeflion, any forged or counterfeit Stamp: Provided also, that all Persons so licensed shall be subject and liable to all such Rules and Regulations as to the uttering, vending, or felling Stamps by them, as are contained in the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, with respect to Persons licensed to utter, vend, or sell Stamps under and by virtue of the said »e: ited Act: Provided also, that no such Licence shall be granted to any Person to deal in or retail Stamps in any Town or Place in Ireland (except, within the Didrift of Dublin Metropolis) where a Distributor of Stamps shall have been appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall reside and act as such Distributor.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Licences in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall Duration of continue in force until the Expiration of such Licences, according to the Acts in force at the Time of the Licence*, granting thereof; and that the several Licences mentioned and specified in Schedule LA) to this Act annexed, and to be hereafter granted and issued in Manner in this Act mentioned and directed, shall continue in force until

'the Twenty-fifth Day of March next after the Date of such Licences respectively, and no longer; except such Licences as shall be granted to Brewers, Maltsters, and Rectifiers of Spirituous Liquors, which Licences shall respectively continue in force until the Twenty ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof, and no longer; and except Licences to Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, which shall be in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year for the Term of which they shall be granted.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland shall use, exercise, or follow any Trade, Business, on

Occupation, or Calling, on the Licence for using or exercising whereof a Stamp Duty is imposed, without having previously taken out such Licence duly stamped and in Manner by this Act mentioned and directed; and XrirfeJn^t that any Person in Ireland, who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall use, exercise, or follow any Trade, having damp'd Business, Occupation, or Calling, on the Licence for using or exercising whereof a Stamp Duty is imposed, u» der

without ihisAa, 50l.

662 C. 64.

460 GEORGII JIL

A.D. 1806.

Clerks rf the J'cacr, &c. may provide Stnnrps without taking out a Licence to retail them.

Penalty on issu«*g undamped ^Licence*, 50 L

Regulations as 4o Gan* £criif>«atei.

f nfir^troes on Houses or other Property effected if» Ireland by Persons appointed liy Coqiorations or Companies m- Grc.»t Britain subjc<3 «nly to the I; 4fh Duty. All Insurances made in Ireland 4h.tll be liable to lrilb Duty, and to; ttl RegulafionS.

(Sve 43 G. 3.

ii. §71, &c.)

Duty on Insurances for Lives repealed.

Duties AufTbe Toileted as former Stamp Duties under

without having previously taken out fftch Licence duly stamped and in Manner ty' this Act directed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Clerk of the Peace or other Person, who, by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, is allowed to provide any Stamp or >tamps for any Licence, Bond, or other Matter or Thing subject to Stamp Duty, shall and may provide the fame, and receive the Amount of the Stamp Duty thereon, together with such Fee, as such Clerk of the Peace or other Person i3 by Law entitled unto, without having obtained any Licence for that Purpose, and shall not, on Account of providing such Stamp or receiving. Payment for the fame, be deemed a Vender or Retailer of or Dealer in Stamps, or liable to any Penalty for so doing; any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary DOtwithstanding., '

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who is or shall be authorized or empowered to grant or issue any Licence on which a Stamp Duty is imposed by this Act, shall grant or iffoc any such Licence on undamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper not damped with the Stamp by this Act required, or on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper on which some Words signifying the particular Licence to which such Stamp is applicable shall not be printed in Manner directed by this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if a Verdict shall be given and Judgement entered against any Person on any Information for such Offence, such Person shall forfeit his Office, and shall be for ever difalled from being again appointed thereto.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, every Person in Ireland who shall keep or use any Dog, Qun, Net, or other Engine fit for or commonly used for the taking or Dedru6lion of Game, not a6ling as a Gamekeeper under or by virtue of a Deputation or Appointment duly regidered) shall previously deliver in a Paper or Account in Writing containing the Name and Place of Abode of such Person to an Officer to be for that Purpose appointed by the Commissioners of Stamps at the Head Office in Dublin, or to the Distributor of Stamps dwelling neared to the Residence of such I erson, and shall annually take out a Certificate thereof, either from the said Head Office or from such Distributor; and that every Deputation or Appointment of Game*keeper granted to any Person by any Lord or Lady of a Manor in Ireland shall be regidered with an Officer to be appointed with the said Commissioners, at the said Head Office or with the Distributor of Stamps dwelling neared to the Manor to which such Deputation shall relate; and the Gamekeeper so appointed shall annually take out a Certificate thereof, either from the said Head Office or from the said Distributor 5 and that no Certificate which shall be granted to any or either of such Persons respectively by any other Distributor of Stamps than the Officer so to be appointed at the said Head Office or such neared resident Distributor as aforesaid, .shall be good, valid, and effe6hial to any Intent or Purpose whatsoever; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Insurances for insuring Houses, Furniture, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, which shall be made or effected by any Persons ipfident in Ireland, and appointed by the Corporation of Royal Exchange Assurance in London, or by the Corporation of London Assurance, or either of them, or by any Company in Great Britain for insuring Property, as the Agents of such Corporations or Companies respectively, shall be fubie6l and liable only to the Duties imposed on such Insurances by any Ad or Act in force in Ireland, and to no other Duties whatsoever, although the Policies by which such Insurances shall be made, shall be under the Common Seal of the said Corporations or Companies respectively, and although the same shall be completed in the Whole or in Part, previous to their being sent to such Agents in Ireland 5 any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. "And be it further enacted, That all Insurances whatever for infunng Property from Loss by Fire, or from the Dangers of the Seas, or other Perils at Sea, for which Subscriptions shall be received or Policies or Receipts shall be delivered out, or respecting whic^ any other Matter or Thing shall be done in Ireland, by any Person or Persons who shall act for or on Behalf of any Person or Persons, or for or on Behalf of any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate in Great Britain, shall be liable to all Duties made payable in respect of the several Insurances under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland; and that all such Insurances on which the Duty payable by Law shall not be paid by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons whose Intered or Property thallbe insured, at or before the Time of such Insurance being effected, shall be a6lually null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that all and every Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate in Great Britain, and all and every Person and Persons a6ling in Ireland, for or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate in Great Britain, who shall effect such Insurances, or cause the same to be effected, shall in respect of such Insurances be subject and liable to all such Rules, Regulations, Restri6lion8, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, as are contained in any Act or Acts is force in Ireland, relating to Insurances by any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or their Agents in Ireland*

LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, no Stamp Duty whatever shall be payable for or in respect of any Assurance or Insurance made in Ireland, upon any Life or Lives, any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; and that so much of wiy Act or Acts in force in Ireland, at the Time of the passing of this Act, as relates to the collecting or enforcing any Stamp Duty in respect of any Insurances for Lives, shall from and after the said Fifth Day of July cease and determine, as to such Insurances as shall be effected after the said Eifth Day of July.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, DinedionS, Articles, Clauses, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, contained in the said / 61 made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein

mentioned,

A.D. 1805. 46° GEORGII III. C. 64.

mentioned) to Be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland; and m another Act made in the said Forty third Year, intituled, an Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons felting Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail in Ireland; and in another Act'madein the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His majesty certain Duties upon Certificates, with respect to the killing of Game it Ireland, shall be of force and effect, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, .paying, collecting, and securing the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable and all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, except only in to far as any of such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, and Directions, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Acts or either of the n contained are exprefaly altered or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this Act or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, no Affidavit shall be sworn before any Distributor of Stamps in Ireland, any Thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty-third Year or either of them, toNthe contrary notwithstanding; and that a' and every Affidavit by the said recited Acts of the Forty-third Year or either of them, or by any other Act or Acts directed to be taken before Distributors of Stamps in Ireland\ or any of them, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand tight hundred and six, be taken, made, and sworn before any Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and such Affidavit shall be witnessed by the proper Distributor of Stamps, and that every Affidavit so sworn and witnessed shall be of the same Force, Validity, and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been sworn before such Distributor, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the passing of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-third. Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned) to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, as authorizes the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp all Instruments executed out of Ireland, within the Space of Two Years from the Execution thereof, shall, front and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commit- (ioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to stamp all Instruments executed out of Ireland upon Payment of the Duty payable thereon, without Payment of any Penalty, Proof being first made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Instruments were really executed out of Ireland as aforesaid; provided the same shall be brought to be stamped within the Space of One Year from the Execution thereof respectively, in case the same were executed within any Part of the United Kingdom, except Ireland, or within the Space of Two Years from the Execution thereof, in case the same were executed in any Place out of the United Kingdom.

LV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, as enacts M that if any Printer of any Newspaper shall leave Ireland, and continue absent therefrom for the Space of Ten Days, or if any Publisher or Proprietor of any Newspaper shall leave Irelandr and continue absent therefrom for the Space of Three Months, such Printer or Printers, Publisher or Publishers, Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, shall no longer be entitled to print or publish such Newspaper, but shall, as to any such Right be considered as if he or they never had made such Affidavit as in the said Act is mentioned and allb so much of the said recited Act as enacts, " that if any Printer, Publisher, or Proprietor of any Newspaper, shall bjr the said Commissioners of Stamps be considered as having left Ireland, who shall not within Ten Days after Notice in Writing or otherwise, given or served in the Name of the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, at the Office where such Newspaper shall be printed or published, requiring him, her, or them to make Affidavit of thd Place or Places of his, her, or their then Residence or Dwelling, make before and deposit with One of the said Commissioners or before a Distributor in the Country appointed or to-be appointed by the said' Commissioners for distributing stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, in the Country, that such Printer has not been absent from Ireland Ten Days together, from the Time at which he, she, or they became Printer; ancE that such Publisher and Proprietor have or has not been absent from Ireland Three Months, together from the Time he, she, or they became Publisher or Proprietor of such Newspaper, and setting out the Place of the then Residence and usual Dwelling of such Printer, Publisher, and Proprietor ;* shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred' and fix, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland) within whose Jurisdiction any Offence which is or shall be subject to any Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, shall be committed against this Act, or against the said several recited Acts of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or against any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for granting Stamp Dlitiea to His Majestey, His Heir? and Successors, and such Justice isJbereby authorized and empowered in all Cases (except where a Suit shall have been begun, or be pending in any superior Court respecting such Offence), upon any Information or Complaint to summon the Party so accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Fast, and upon Proof thereof made, either by the Confession of the Party or Person^committing such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, % o give Judgement for such Penalty, in case the same (bad! not exceed Twenty Pounds, and in case such Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, then to fine such Offender in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and to give Judgement for the feme as a Penalty incurred for such Offence, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Penalty on the Goods of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not im rammed Withia Sis Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus if any, and where Goody sufficient cannot

66.3

former AUs, '

43 G. 3 c r. 43 G 3 c a*. 43 C 3 c.zj.

AfBdivu*

Ihnot be sworn before Di(tiibutor« bur befo'e a Julliee, d witnessed by Distiibotor.

43G 3 C. IT. §3*. repealed*

How D<>edr

eluted out of Ireland may be damped.

43 G. 3. c. 1*.

§ 59, 60. af to Pi inters beinf temp rar'dy absent from keUndjrepcaled

Pena!tier of 501. under Stamp A&x may be recovered before a Justice, who-may fine the OfcnHer 20-l« in C ifcs where the Penalty doe* not exceed 1001»

66+

Penalty on*Witnctlc* neglecting to attend, or rrruung to give Evidence, 5 1.

Penalties above 20 I. may be recovered at under foi rner ACtf, if Offender is not punished under <UisA&.

Penalty on Justices mglecting to cany this or any Stamp Act into Execution, 50 L

For rompel'ing Justices, See. to pay over His Majesty's Share of

Penalties.

Penatfiei rrny be mitigated by Stamp Office under Order of the Treasury of Ireland.

C. 64. .46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

he found to answer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and Empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison for such Time as he shall judge to be proper, not less than One Calendar Month nor more than Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid, and it shall not be lawful for any Justice to mitigate such Penalty or Sum of Twenty Pounds in any Way whatsoever, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding and if any Person, whether l'rofecutor or Party convicted, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of such Justice of the Peace, then and in such Case, it shall be lawful for iu.'h Person upon giving Security to pay such Costs as shall be awarded, in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, and in case such Person shall be the Party convicted, then upon giving Security to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed by such Conviction, together with Costs as aforesaid, to appeal to the Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the County or District in which such Offence shall have been committed, which shall happen after Fourteen Days next after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the Prosecutoror Party convicted as the Case may require, Ten Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions; and such Justices shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and ^determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgement of such Justice of the Peace shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful foe such Justices as aforesaid, to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet; and no Certiorari shall in any Case be granted to examine or remove any such Determination or Conviction either before or after such Appeal: Provided always, that if the Charge shall be for selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder without Licence, the Proceedings thereon shall be under and according to the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating such Licences, or of same Act for amending the same; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Justices at the Sessions, relative to any Offence under this Act, or under the said recited Acts of the Forty-third Year, or either of them, or under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, and shall neglect or refuse to appear (the Expetices of such Witness or Witnesses being first paid or tendered) without a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Justices at Sessions respectively, or upon appearing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace1 or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Justices at Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as other Penalties, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, are by the said recited Acts, or any of them, or by this Act, directed to be levied and applied.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be conftnied to extend, to prevent any Person from suing for, or recovering any Penalty exceeding Twenty Pounds, in Cases where the Offender shall r.ot have been convicted before a Justice, and fined in a Sum of Twenty Pounds under this Act; provided also, that any Person having been so convicted, and having paid such Sum of Twenty Pounds, may plead the same in Bar to any Action or Suit, for any Penalty exceeding Twenty ounds, and not exceeding One hundred Pounds on Account of the same Offence, for which he shall have been so convicted: Provided also, that if different Proceedings shall be had or taken against the same Person for the same Offence, in any of the Modes aforesaid, 'and any Question shall arile concerning the Priority of such Proceedings, then and in such Case the Proceeding under which the Party complained ofe shall have been first duly served with Summons or rather Process, and which shall be afterwards proceeded on without Delay, by the Party informing or prosecuting, shall be considered as entitled to, and shall have Priority over any other Proceeding for the same Offence, and shall accordingly vest the Right to the Penalty duly fought thereby.

LIX. And be it further enacted, Tlisft if any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in Ireland shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry into Execution this Act or the said recited Acts or any of them, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, upon a proper Application made to him, Lch Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty f ounds Bniish Currency for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, 1 laint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action to be applied as to One Half thereof to the Use of the Person suing for the fame, and the other Half to be paid to the Minister, Rector, or Churchwarden of the Parish, wherein such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

LX. And be it further enacted, That such Part, Share, and Proportion as shall be payable te His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of, from, or out of any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Fine, payable or recoverable under this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall, within One Month after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace or other Person by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Distributor of Stamps residing nearest to such Justice of the Peace, and the said Distributor shall at his next Payment pay over the same to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and shall duly account for the same in the next Account which he shall furnish to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and if any such Justice of the Peace or other Pci ion or such Distributor of Stamps, shall neglect or omit to pay over or account for the same respectively, they shall respectively for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High T1 eafurer of Ireland\ to mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, under this Act, or the said recited Acts, or any of them, or under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps; any Thing in tlis Act or the said recited Acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

2 LXII. And

LXII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed, Jby any A6fcor Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Acti refers.

Schedule (A.)

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed any of the following Articles, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following, viz.

I. — Patents, Grant's, and Admissions, of or to Dignities, Offices, Benefits, or Degrees; and Exemplifications and Certificates thereof.

Any Grant or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Exemplification of the fame, not hereby charged with a specifick Daty (Cum-ipiffions of Rebellion in I rocefs always excepted)

Any Patent for an Archbishoprick, -

Any Patent for a Dukedom -

Any Patent for a Marquisate -

Any Patent for an Earldom -

Any Patent for a Viscount -

Any Pa^nt for a Biffioprick -

Any Patent for a Barony -

Any Patent for a Baronetage -

Auy Presentation or Donation which shall pass the Great Peal of Ireland, or upon which any Collation shall be made by any Archbishop or Bishop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatsoever, of or to any Benefice* Dignity, or Spiritual or Ecclesiastical i'romotion whatsoever, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds --

And for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Value thereof exceeding the First One hundred Pounds a Year, a further Duty of -

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of th'* Archbishop, Bishop, or Vicar General, of the Diocese: Provided always, that Two or more Benefices, episcopally united, shall be deemed One Benefice only.

Any Institution that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or Ecclesiastical Court; provided that an Institution to Two-or more Benefices episcopally united shall be considered as an Institution to a Angle Benefice

Any Dispensatioi to hold Two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice^; or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop^ of Armagh, or Masterof the Faculties for the Time being Any Grant from His Majest-y, His Heirs and Successors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Sum of Money;

exceeding £sc* and not exceeding £ 100 -

j£ico, — — £zo o -

And for every £100 exceeding £200, a further Duty of Any such Grant of any Annuity, Pension, Office, or Employment, which shall be of the Value of Two hundred Pounds per Annum -

And for every One hundred Pounds per Annum exceeding Two hundred Pounds per Annum, a further Duty of -

Provided that no Duty shall be charged upon, or in respect of, more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which such last mentioned Grant may be ingrossed* printed or written.

Any Grant of an Escheatorship -

Any Grant of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant or Profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Great Seal of the Exchequer (Custodiam Leases excepted)

Any Pardon or Remission (except the Pardons passed in forma Fauperisj of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever; or any Warrant for Reprieve or Relaxa tion from any Fines, corporal Punishment, or any other Forfeitures

Any Admission of any Fellow of the College of Physicians -

Any Admission of any Student into the Society of King's Inns -

Any Admission of any Barrister into the Inns of Court -

Any Admission of any Clerk, Advocate, Pro£tor, Attorney, Solicitor, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever (except such Officer be an annual Officer in any Corporation Or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of Ten Pounds a Y$ar in Salary', Fees, and other Perqiufites) -

46 Geo. III. 4 Q

Duty.

£. s. d*

2090

IOO 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

200 0 0

150 0 0

50 0 0

ICO 0 0

5° 0 9

5 0 0-

5 0 9

20a

25 o o

4

20

5

20

5

20

4

10

20

20

o o o o o o

o o

o o

o a. o o

o o o o o o o o

2Q O O

Act may bt altered or repeated.

f$re §7 cf fits

46° GEORGII m.

A.D. 1806.

666

C. 64!

Patents, Grants, and Admissions continued.

Any Certificate to be taken out by any Attorney or Solicitor, Pto&or, Agent, or Procurator, (previous to liis commencing or defending any Suit or Prosecution, ) of his Admission, Enrollment, or Register, in any of His Majesty's Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 40 8. or more, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value;

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, has not been admitted for Three Years, yearly -

If such Attorney* or Solicitor, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Years, or more, yearly -

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of the Admission of any Person into any Corporation or Company, who shall be so admitted in respetfc of I113 Birth, Apprenticeship, or Marriage, entered or made in the Court Book, Roll, or Record, of any such Corporation or Company Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of the Admission of any other Person into any Corporation or Company -

100

300

0100

I o o

fw §7 /A/s

IL^Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, and Instruments; and Exemplifications, Inrollments,

Memorials, or Regiflries thereof.

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, net otherwise charged: { Except Indentures of Apprenticeship where no Apprentice-Fee shall be given; or, if any be given, where such Apprentice-Fee mall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and also, except Indentures for binding Apprentice poor Parish Children, or other Children supported by Publick Charities or voluntary Contributions: ) "

If such Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, shall contain less than Thirty Sheets If such Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, shall contain Thirty Sheets or more, then, for every entire Quantity of Fifteen Sheets over and above the first Fifteen Sheets, an additional Duty of -

Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Contract, whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney or Solicitor, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty's Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles, or Contra&s -

And further on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles, or Contra£h Any Indenture or other Deed, for binding an Apprentice to a Notary Publick, on each Part of such Indentures -

Any other Indenture of Apprenticeship where the Sum or Value given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or in relation to such Apprentice, shall exceed Ten Pounds and shall net exceed Twenty Pounds -

f£20 and shall not exceed £50 -

\ So -

100

200

300

400

500

Where such Sum or 5 100 Value shall exceed j 200

J 300

l4°o

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of such Excess, a-Duty of -

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty-one Years;

Where the annual Amount of the Rent reserved (any penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall ^ot exceed Five Pounds, or the Fine or ConsideraUon for the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds

Where she Amount

Of such Rent. Or of such Fine or (

r — shall exceed £ /. J. and shall nocA exceed £ j- d. t shall exceed £ / d.

5 O O lo 0 0 20 0 0

10 O Oo 0 0 IO0 0 0

20 0 0 So 0 0 150 0 0

50 O O 100 0 0 250 0 0

ICO O O 150 0 0 500 0 0

150 O O 200 0 0 7 0 0 1

200 O O 250 0 0 1, 000 0 0 I;

25O O O 300 0 0 1*25° 0 0 I

300 O O 3 50 0 0>500 0 0 I

v 35° O O 400 0 0 >7 50 0 0 2

and shall noc^ exceed

£ ? o

100

150

250

500

750

1, 000

>75°

<, coo

d.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o 10

c 5 a

43 o o 700

J 00

o >5 O

0 10 o

1 O o

2 0 0

3 0 0

60090 0

3 0 0

0 2 6

O50

OIOO

0 15 o 100

1 10 o

2 0 0

2 JO O

3 0 0

3 JO O

4 0 0

Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, &c. continued. 4

And where the annual Amount of such Rent reserved shall exceed the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, then for every One hundred Pounds of the whole Amount of such Rent, or for every Five hundred Pounds of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of -

And on any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty-one Years, a Duty in the Whole equal to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties, on any Indenture, Lease, Releaie, or Deed, respectively.

And in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, shall be executed by virtue of any Letter of Attorney, for that Purpose, then for every Five Pounds of the annual Amount of such reserved Rent, or fqr every Twenty-five Pounds of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty in all cases- of -

And if such Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, shall contain Thirty Sheets, or more, then for evcFy. entire Quantity of Fifteen Sheets, over axid above the fitft Fifteen Sheets, a further Duty in all Cases of -

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to receive Renta in Ireland Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland,

Where the annual Amount of the Rent reserved in such Lease or Leases (any penal Rent or any Incteafe of reserved Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed Five Pounds, or the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds -

And where the Amount of such Rent reserved shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds Any Recognizance "conditioned for the Payment of Money, or Performance of Covenants or Agreements, Statute Staple, or Statute Merchant, or Entry of Record, in any Court or Office, except Recognizances taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, and Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by auy Assistant Barrister in their respective Counties, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin Any Contract, Bond* or other obligatory Instrument, conditioned for the Payment of any Principal Sum;

Not exceeding £ 100 -

Exceeding 100 and not exceeding £ 3 oo -

300 — 500 -

50 or — 1, 000 -

1, 000 — 2, 000 -

2 jcco — 3, 000 -

3, 00a — 5, 000

Where such Principal Sum shall exceed 5, 000 -

Any Bond commonly called a Mortgage Bond, or Bond given as a collateral Security for or in respect of any Mortgage - - - '

Any other Bond not hei ein-beforexharged

Any Deed or other Instrument, for the Security, by way of Mortgage, of any Sum of Money lent on any Estate or Property whatsoever, or for the Sale or Conveyance of any Estate 'or Property whatsoever, whether Real or Personal, and of whatever Tenure or Description;

Where the Amount of the Money lent* or of the Consideration paid shall not exceed One hundred Pounds.

Where the Amount of such

Money shall exceed

100

300

500

1, 000

2, 000

J&OO

500 1, 000 2, 000 3, 000 4, 000 5, 000 10, 000

15.000

20.000

3)000 not exceed

4, 000 5*000 10, 000 L 15, 000

Where the Amount of such Money shall exceed £20, 000 And if such Deed or Instrument shall contain Thirty Sheets or more, then,

For every entire Quantity of Fifteen Sheets, over and above the first Fifteen Sheets Any Award under Hand and Seal, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same .wall or shall not be inrolled of Record in, or made a Rule of, any Court;

I&such Award shall contain left than Thirty Sheets -

4 Q

200

5

o

o

so 0 o

O f

0 10

1 o I 10

z o o o o

3

4

5

o

o

o-

o

o

o

6>

6'

05 Q

I 0 0

I 10 O

2 0 0

2 10 c

4 0 0

6 0 0

8 0 0

10 0 0

12 0 0

'5 0 0

20 c 0

0 5 0

0 10 Q

Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds, &c. continued.

And if such Award shall contain Thirty Sheets or more, then,

For every entire Quantity of Fifteen Sheets (over and above the first Fifteen Sheets) a further Duty of -

Any Agreement made in Ireland, under Hand only, where the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of Twenty Podnds or upwards, whether the same shall be only the Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument Any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court, not hereby otherwise charged -

Any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of Record, in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever (except Assignments of Judgements) -

Any Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, Will, or Devise, which shall be registered in the Publick Office for registering such Memorials, or shall be entered in any of the Courts of Record in Ireland (except Memorials of Demises, and except Memorials of Assignments of Judgements) -

Any Memorial of any Demise or of any Agreement to demise -

Any Entry of the Memorial of the Assignment of any Judgement made and entered upon the Rolls of any Court of Record by any Officer or Officers thereof, under the Provisions of an Act made in Ireland in the 9th Year of His late Majesty King George II. for the more effectual Assignments of Judgements, or of any Act for amending the same;

Where the Penalty of such Judgement so assigned shall not exceed One hundred Pounds And where the Penalty of such Judgement so assigned shall exceed One hundred Pounds

IIL — Writs or ProcefTcs, Pleadings, Judgements, Appeals, and Executions; . in Suits, Actions, or Proceedings at Law, or in Equity.

Any Writ of dovenant for levying a Fine -

Any Writ of Entry for suffering a common Recovery -

Any Petition in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity -

Any original Writ, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, Writ of Capias, Quo Minus, Writ of Dedimus Potestatem, to take Answers, examine Witnesses, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ whatsoever, or any other Process or Mandate that shall issue out of, or pass the Seal of, any of the Courts in Dublin, or any other Court whatsoever in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or above, or the hing in demand is of that Value

Any Entry of any Action in the Mayor's or Sheriff's Courts in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Writ, Process, or Mandate issued, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or above -

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action or Suit at Law or in Equity, and to prosecute or defend such Action or Suit, or to confess Judgement thereon -

Any Entry of any Appearance to be entered in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, by any Six Clerk, Attorney, or Solicitor for each and every Defendant named in such Entry -

Any Special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the said Courts, or in any Court whatsoever -

Any Common Bail to be filed in any Court whatsoever, and any Appearance that shall be made on such Bail -

Any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading in asiy Court of Law -

Any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Demurrer, or Pica at Law or in Equity, filed by, or on behalf of, any A ttorney or Solicitor who shall sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor i: i Lis own proper Person -

Any Copy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, or other Pleading, in any Court of Law, or any Cop / of an Record, to be ^urnished to the Twelve Judges, for the hearing of causesin Error in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, for every Sheet thereof Any Bill, Answer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatories, Denofitions taken by Cx>mmissioner3, or any Pleadings whatsoever in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer (except Exceptions to Answers filed in the said Courts') for every Skin thereof -

Any Exception to any Answer filed in any Court of Equity in Ireland, to be charged upon each Exception, whether joined with any ether or others on the same Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, ur not -

[1050.

OIO o o 15 o

10 9

O 10 9

0 2 4

O59 0 10 3

TOO IOO 0 2 6

ox#

01 o 020

010

010

OIO

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 0 3

O4O 0 2 6

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 64. 669

SCHEDULE (A.) Duty.

Writs, Procfcfles, &c. continued. £ ' d.

And for every Ninety Words which each and every Exception shall contain over and above the first Ninety Word?, a further Duty of - - And upon each and every Exception over and above the first Ten Exceptions, a further Ol6

Duty of - And for every Ninety Words which each and every such Exception shall contain over and 0 4 0

above the first Ninety Words, a further Duty of Any Depositions taken in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, except the Paper Drafts of such Depositions taken by virtue of any Commission before they arc mgrofled, and which are 0 26

not herein-before charged --- Any Copy of any Bjll, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, Interrogatory, Deposition, or other Proceeding whatsoever, taken in the Court of Chancery or Court of 0 0 04

Exchequer, or in any Court of Equity, for every Sheet thereof - -. Except always all Proceedings in any Court Martial, or in any Suit in any of the Courts aforesaid which shall be filed, prosecuted, or had, by any Person admitted to sue or defend therein in forma Pauperis. Any Affidavit not hereby otherwise charged (except such Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise; Affidavits relating to criminal Prosecutions; Affidavits made for the Purpose of registering Freeholds; and all Affidavits to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before a Magistrate of any Corporation acting as a Justice of the Peace, unless hereby otherwise charged; and except Affidavits to be taken before a Magistrate acting in any Court of Conscience or offummary Jurisdiction, or before any Judge of Assize or Commission of Oyer and Terminer relative to Prosecutions or Trials on Indictments or to Civil Bills; and except Affidavits made in pursuance of any Act relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Com Premiums, or before the Dublin Society; and except Affidavits or Affirmations directed to be made before One or more of the Commissioners for managing Stamp Duties, or before a Commissioner for taking Affidavits 0 0 3

with respect to the Regulations or Management of the said Duties) - Any Copy of any such Affidavit which shall be read in apy Court whatsoever, for every Sheet 0 t 6

thereof... - - t 0 2

Any Affidavit made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing Publick Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made r for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads or any other publick Purpose, or for accounting for any publick Money, or discharging Queries on Presentments Any Commission for taking Affidavits, that shall be issued from any Court -. 'Any Rule or Order (except in Causes prosecuted upon Indictments or PrefeTltments) made or given in any of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, Chancery, or Exchequer in 020 1 5 0

Dublin, either Courts of Law or Equity, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively Any Copy of any such Rule or Order, or any Copy of any other Record or Proceedings in any 010

of the said Courts in Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged, for every Sheet thereof Any Record of Nisi Prius or Postea - - - Any Judgement which shall be signed by the Master of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary*, or by any Prothonotary, or his Secondary, Deputy, or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts in the City of Dublin who have Power, or usually do or shall iign Judgements; 0 1 0 010 0

For any Stim under One hundred Pounds - For One hundred Pounds, and not exceeding Two hundred Pounds And for every One hundred Pounds exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, a further 0 0 0 Vo 0 0

Duty of - Any Warrant to any Attorney to fatrsfy a Judgement entered of Record in the Courts of King's 006

Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Dublin Any Decree or Difrrriflal made by or in the Court of Chancer)*, for every Sheet thereof Any Decree or Difmrflal made by or in the Court of Exchequer, for every Sheet thereof Any Exemplification of a D ecree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal - Any Writ of Error, or Certforari, and any Appeal (except from the Court of Admiralty, or , /« , ^a I. 1 /-i, \ A*0 2 0 Ol6 040 0 12 6

Prerogative Court7 or any Archiepilcopal Court) - - - Anv Summons or Process whereby the Defendant or De fendants fl ail be required to appear or answer the Plaintiff's Bills y or to appear before any Recorder, Assistant Bamfler, Seriefchal or Steward of a Manor Court; or other Judge or Officer, in any Proceeding, in a luminary Way, 0 10 0

by Civil Bill* Any Copy of any futh Summons - - - 0 12-G O 2

SCHEDULE (A.)

Writs, Processes, &c. continued

Any Decree to be made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister at the Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournments thereof, or by any Judge of Assize, in Causes heard by Civil Bill j Where the Sum decreed

shall be under Five Pounds -

shall amount to Five Pounds, and shall not amount to Ten Pounds shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards -

Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister, or Judge of Assize Any Removal of a Decree or Dismiss on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, whether such Decree or Dismiss shall have been made or pronounced by any Assistant Barrister or Judge of Assize Any Recognizance on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by an Assistant Barrister, or Judge of Assize -

Any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by the Seneschal or Steward of any Manor Court in any Proceeding by Civil Bill -

Any Citation or Monition made in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court; or any Libel or Allegation, Deposition, Answer, Sentence, or Decree; or any Inventory exhibited in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any Copies of them respectively, (except in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen's Wages), for every Sheet thereof

Any Warrant, Monition, or Personal Decree, in the Court of Admiralty (except iu Suits for the Recovery of Seamen's Wages) -

Any Sentence that shall be given in the jCourt of Admiralty, or any Attachment (except in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen's Wages) that shall be made out or the said Court of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment -

Any Commission issued out of any Ecclesiastical Court not herein-before particularly charged Any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Archiepiscopal Court Any Custodiam, under the Seal of the Exchequer, grounded on an Outlawry , in any Civil Action -

IV. — Probates and Administrations, and Refceipts for Legacies

Any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Admimftratidn for any Estate;

r£

of the Value of 4

3° 100 200 300 400 500 6qo 700 800 900>000 L500 2, COQ

3.500 5 >000

7.5000, 0002, 500

*5, 000

J7>5°o 20, 000 25>o00

30.000

35>oooo 4°, 000 45 >000 5°>000 6o, qoq. 7°, oooo 8o, ooct

90.000

p and under the Value of.

100

200 3°o, 400 500 600. 700 800 900

1.000

Moo

2.000

3»5°°

5»°co

7, 500

10.000

12.500

15, 000.

17.500

20.000

25.000

30.000

35.000

40.000

45.000

50.000

60.000

70.000

80.000

90&00

100, 000

Duty.

£. d.

0 2 0

046 o 7 6

040

1 6

2 6

1 6

0 1 <y

0 7 6

c 10 0

0 7 6

10 0 c

0 5. 0

0 10. 0

I 10 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

7 0 0

8 0 0

9 0 0

l5 0 0

20 0 0

35 0 0

60 0 0

75 a 0

90 a 0

no 0 0

<35 0 0

160 0 0

85 0 0

alo 0 0

260 0 0

2 IQ 0 0

360 0 0

410 0 0

460 0 0

5S° 0 0

650 0 0

750 0 0

850 0 0

950 0 0

For any Estate of the Value of

and under the Value of 4

125, 000 m' £ 1, 200 0 d' 0

150, 000 - 1, 400 0 0

175, 000* - 1, 600 0 0

200, 060 - 2, 000 0 0

250, 000 - - 0 0

200, 000 - - 3, 000 0 0

3 50, 0c o' - 3, 500 0 0

4 00, 000 - - 4, oco 0 0

500, 000 3, 000 0 0

- 6, 000 c 0

Probates of Wills, See. continued.

100.000

125.000

150.000

175.000^200, 000 250, 000 I^CO, coo I 350, 000 t 400, 000

500.000 and upwards

Except always the Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels and Effects of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be (lain or die in tl e Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

Any Copy of any Will attested by the proper Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court, for every Sheet thereof -

Any Receipt ov Discharge for any Legacy, specifick or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of Twenty Pounds or more, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real ov Personal Estate, or Monies arising from the Sal© of any Real Estate directed to be sold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument: Or for the clear Residue, or for any Part of the clear Residue, of the Personal Estate of any Person dying testate or intestate 5 or for the clear Residue, or for any Part of the clear Residue, devised to any Person or Persons, of any Monies arising, or that may arise, by the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be sold, by any Will or Testamentary Instrument; if th^ Person dying shall leave any Personal Estate, or any Real Estate or Estates, so directed to be sold, of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds or upwards in the Whole, after deducting Debts, Funeral Sixpences, and other Charges, and Legacies (if any) :

For every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Legacy or Residue, or any Part of Residue, and for every fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, beyond any Sum or progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds, the Sums following 5 videlicet,

If such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister

If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sister of a Grandfather or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sister -

If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to the Deceased than as above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased If any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or upwards, and shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Child, then, for every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereo/

Except in all Cases any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Residue, or any Part of Residue, of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or shall pass to or for the Benefit of the Husband or Wife of the Deceased.

And except in all Cases any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Residue, Or Part of Residue, of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or shall pals to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

V. — Mercantile and Commercial Instruments.

[For the Duty on Insurances, fee Schedule (B.)].

Any Charter-Party, Passport, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney, (except Wariants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney otherwise charged), or any other Notarial A not otherwise charged -

Any Bond on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize "entitled to Bounty, Drawback, or Allowance of Duties -

Any Bill of Lading which shall be signed for any Goods exported

Any Instrument entitling any Person or Persons exporting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from Ireland to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the feme

003

t 5

2 0 9

2 IO 9

5 0 9

0X9

9 4

0 290O6

9 Q €

Mercantile and Commercial Instruments continued.

Any Policy of Assurance or Insurance, or any Writing commonly so called, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, ' or Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire Any Permit granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or any Distributor of Stamps, or other Person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, and also any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law 5

if the Duties on the Goods permitted thereby do not amount to the Sum of Fifteen Pounds -.

If such Duties amount to Fifteen Pounds or more Any Bank Note, or Bank Post Gill, which shall be issued for any Sum less than Fifty Pounds by ihc Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers, who shall have registered his or their Name or Nances, and Firm, in Manner directed by Law;

Where the Sum expressed therein shall not amount to Five Pounds shall amount to Five Pounds, and shall not amount to Ten Pounds

- Ten Pounds, - Fifty Pounds

Any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note, Draft or Order (except Bauk Notes and Bank Post Bills otherwise charged, and except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Ten Shillings, passed on account of Tythes, or for money lent by any Society bn charitable Loans);

Where the Sum expressed therein shall not exceed Ten Pounds

r£ >01

a

Where such Sum shall exceed

30

5°

ICO

200

500

1, 000

S-

and shall not exceed.

So

5°

200

200

500

1, 000

Any t)raft, or Order in Writing, for the Payment of any Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds BritifU Currency, on Demand, payable to Bearer, or otherwise drawn upon any Bank or Banker, or Person acting as a Banker in Ireland, within Ten M ies of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually drawm and issued, which shall be negociated, or of which Payment shall be required at any Time after the Expiration of Two Days from the Date thereof -

Any Protest, where the Amount of the Bill or Note specified therein shall be less than Fifty Pounds -

Where such Amount shall be Fifty Pounds or upwards Any Receipt, or other Discharge (not otherwise charged) given on the Payment of any Sum of Money;

Amounting to Two Pounds and not amounting to Twenty Pounds Twenty Pounds and not exceeding Fifty Pounds Exceeding Fifty Pounds -

Except Receipts for Drawbacks, or Bounties, or for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into the House of any Banker, or for Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of Bills, Notes, or Deeds, or by any Army or Navy Agents, or by Officers, Soldiers, or Sailors, or by Officers of the Exchequer, for Money received for His Majesty.

Any Receipt, or other Discharge, given by any Officer of the Revenue, on Payment of Money for or on account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses, in respect of Hearths or Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Horses, and on Male Servants;

If the Sum paid shall, in the Whole, amount to Two Pounds, and shall not amount to Twenty Pounds -

Tf the Sum shall amount to Twenty Pounds, and shall not exceed Fifty Pounds And if tlxe Sum shall exceed Fifty Pounds -

The said Duties on such lad mentioned Receipts to be paid by the Person to whom such Receipts shall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

VI. — Licences, and Game Certificates, and Deputations.

Any Licence to keep a Lottery Office, -

Any Licence to any Person to a£c as a Notary Publick

Any Marriage Licence to be id'ued from the Court of Prerogative

Any Licence to keep One or more Printing Press or Prefles -

Any. Licence to any Poll master, Inn-keeper, or other Person in Ireland, who shall let to hire any Horse, for the Purpose of travelling Pod by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage

#1*'

d.

Olo

006

010

o o

If 0 0 2 OO4

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

3

9

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

006 o r o 026

So

2

o

o

o o

0 o 10 o

1 o

Licences — continued.

Any Licence to any Person to deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland; except Perforrs being Distributors of Stamps lawfully appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Hats, commonly called or known by the Name of Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or japanned Hats, in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and Town of Belfast -

In any other City, Town, or Borough, returning a Member to serve in Parliament In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to utter or vend by Retail any such Hats in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland -

In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to manufacture Tobacco in any Manner

And further for and upon every Tobacco Table exceeding One Table, which any Person manufacturing Tobacco shall be licensed to keep Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to deal in Unmanufactured Tobacco; except as wholesale Importer only -

Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, or otherwise deal in, Coffee (except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries); viz.

In any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House or Market House thereof -

In any Part of Ireland not being a City or Town as aforesaid Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to manufacture Candles or Soap for Sale 5 viz.

In airy City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House or Market House thereof In any Part of Ireland not being a City or Town as aforesaid Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale Any Licence to any Person to fell Paper Hangings, not being a Manufacturer thereof Any Licence to any Person to keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters, for every Ten Gallons which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing Any Licence to any Person to keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill Any Licence to any Person to brew or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines Any Licence to any Person to make Metheglin or Mead for Sale Any Licence to any Person to fell Metheglin or Mead by Retail Any Licence to any Person to make Vinegar for Sale -

Any Licence to any Person to fell Tea or Groceries, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Raisins, and Figs, by Retail; viz. f

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the fame, and in every City, Town, and Place, returning a Member to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or principal Market House, of any such City, Town, or Place -

In any other Part of Ireland -

Any Licence to any Person to fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate for Sale.Any Licence to any Person to keep a Tan Yard, or Tan-Pit, or to tan Leather for Sale Any Licence to any Person to dress Hides and Skins in Oil -

Any Licence to any Person to make Vellum or Parchment -

Any Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors, by Retail, in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the Distridfc of the Metropolis.- -

Beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom -

In every other Place within the District of the Excise 0£ice of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom -

Within the City of Cork, and all Places surroundedby the said City

And within the Rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof Within the City of Waterford, and all Places surrounded by the said City

And within the Rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof In the City of Limerick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the Rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof 46 Geo. III. - 4 R

£. 1. J.

04 0 0

1 10 a

1 0 0

0 1© 0

1 0 0

0 5 0

8 0 0

4 0 0

10 0 0

x 0 0

0 10 0

4 0 0

2 0 0

5 0 0

i 0 0

2 10 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

2, 0 0

1 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

2 0 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

40 0 0

33 0 0

22 0 0

40 0 0

33 © O

40 0 0

33 0 0

40 p O

33 0 0

Licences — continued.

Within the Town of Belfast -

Within One Mile thereof, or of the publick Lamps therein -

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Newry, Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and CIonmeil -

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described -

Any Licence to any Person to fell any Kind of Spirituous Liquors in any Place in Ireland, in Quantities not lef3 than Two Gallons, the like Duty as is payable in such Place on a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail.

Any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland, for One Month -

And for every successive Month -

Any Licence to any Fadlor, or other Person felling Home-made Spirits, on Commission or otherwise, in any Place in Ireland, not being a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits -

Any Licence to any Factor, or Person felling Foreign Spirits on Commission, or otherwise, not being a licensed Distiller or Retailer of Spirits, nor being otherwise licensed to fell Spirits, nor being the Importer of Foreign Spirits -

Any Licence to any Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills -

Any Licence to any Person to keep a Malthouse and make Malt for Sale; for each and every Cistern or Kiln, m each and every Malthouse in his or her Possession, in which such Business shall be carried on in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis -

Beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom -

In every other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom -

Within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mil thereof Within the City of Waterford, and all Places surrounded by the said City

And within the rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mite thereof In the City of Limerick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

And within the Rest of the County of the said- City, or within One Mile thereof In the Town of Belfast -

Within One Mile thereof, or of the Publick Lamps therein -

Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and in any other Place in Ireland, being a Town Corporate or Borough returning any Member to serve in Parliament -

In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described Any Licence to any Person not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, to fell Malt on Commission or otherwise -

Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to brew Strong Beer or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, for each and every Brewhouse used by such Person in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis, or beyond the said Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom

In every other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty's Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom -

Within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the said City

And within the Rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof Within the City of Waterford, and all Places surrounded by the said City,

Within the Rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof In the City of Limerick, including that Part thereof calhd Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City -

Within the Rest of the County of the said City, or within One Mile thereof In the Town of Belfast -

Within One Mile thereof, or of the Publick Lamps therein -

£- S. d.

4^ O O

33 O O

22 O O

11 O O

1 O O

1 O O

30 O O

3° O O

1 O O

3° O O

20 O O

lS O O

30 O O

20 O O

30 O O

20 O O

30 O O

20 O O

30 O o>

20 0 0

20 0 0

lS O 0

20 0 0

5° 0 0

30 0 0

5° 0 0

30 0 0

5° 0 0

3° 0 0

50 0 0

3° 0 0

5o 0 0

30 0 0

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 64. 675

SCHEDULE (A)Duty.

Licences — continued. Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and in any other Place in Ireland being a Town Corporate or Borough returning any Member to serve in Parliament - - - £ A 2C O O

In any other Place in Ireland - Any Licence to any Person to keep a Coffee-House Any Licence to any Person to fell by Auction within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, and all Places surrounded by the said City, and within the Rest of the County of the said City, or within the City of Waterford, and all Places surrounded by the said City, and within the Rest of the County of the said City 5 and in the City of Limerick, including that Part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all Places surrounded by the said City, and within the Rest of the County of the J 20 0 0 Z9O

laid City; and in the own of Belfalt - In any other Part of Ireland, Any Licence to any Person in Ireland to make Glass Bottles, and other Vessels or Utensils njade of common Bottle Metal - - 1C 095 0 0 IOO

Any Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, petty Chapman, or other trading Person, going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot or with Hone, or other Beast of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to feu, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; also to travelling Tinkers, and Callers of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale - - And further, for felling or exposing to Sale any Gold or Silver Plate And further, for every Horle, or other Beast, bearing or drawing Burthen which such Person shall so travel with, or cause to be used for the Purpose of carrying or drawing his, 2 0 0 IOO

her, or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize - Any Certificate to be granted by any Distributor of Stamps, under the Provisions of an Act made in the 43d Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His 2 0 0

Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland Any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper, granted to any Person by a Lord or Lady C if.1 x % e t 1 1'2 2 0

of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland - - 2 2 0

VII. — Newspapers, Almanacks, and Publications. Any Paper, containing Public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, not hereby otherwise charged Any such Paper, which shall be published Once in every Week, and not oftener Any Almanack or Calendar for any one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, which shall be printed on One Side only of any One Sheet or Piece of Paper, or other Materials, and which shall not be printed so as to be afterwards separated in Leaves, or bound as a Book or TV..VI., 0 0 2 OO4

Pamphlet - Any other Almanack or Calendar for any particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer Time than a Year, or for several Years Any Dublin Directory - Any Army Lift (except such as shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, 1 4 1 r 'V /^i f 1 J I*r«T 1 k 0 09009 076 0 0 6

or other Chiet Governor or Governors ol Ireland for the time being; Any Daily Account, or Daily Bill of Goods, imported into, or exported from, Ireland, or Abstract thereof, included in any other Publication, except such Daily Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by any Officer or Officers, authorized to print the same by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, of Ireland, O O CN

For the Time being, and pursuant to the said Authority - Any Account, or BUI of Goods, imported into, or exported from, Ireland, printed or published weekly, monthly, or at any other Time or Times, as Accounts, or Abstracts of Accounts, of such Goods, for each Day's Account, contained therein 5 except such Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by such Officer, or Officers, as aforesaid - - - OOI OO I N

SCHEDULE (B.) Articles not stamped on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper. For and upon every Japanned Hat, or Hat made of Wool, Felt, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of them, or with any other Substance, or Substances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or distinguished, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any Person taking out a Licence for uttering or vending Hats, by Retail; If the Price or Value of such Hat, including all the Mountings, or other Omaments, except Gold or Silver Lace, shall not exceed the Sum of 5s. Irish Currency ' 4 R 2 Wl O O

Hats — continued.

If such Price or Value shall exceed 5s. and shall not exceed 7s. Irish Currency

78. - 128.

12s. and shall not amount to 18s.

If such Price or Value shall amount to 18s or upwards -

For every Advertisement to be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or daily Accounts, to be published weekly, or oftener, or in any other printed Paper, or Pamphlet, dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other Interval of Time, or in any Handbill, containing more than One Advertisement; and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council, or Act of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or daily Accounts, other than the Dublin Gazette -

' And for every Ten Lines which every such Advertisement, Proclamation, Order, or Act of State shall contain, over and above the First Ten Lines (no such Lines to exceed Twenty Ems of the Letter called Longprimer, or Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch), a further Duty of

And if such Advertisement shall be printed in Lines exceeding such Length as aforesaid, then a Duty in all Cases, equal to Treble the Amount of the foregoing Duties.

For every Pamphlet or Paper not exceeding Six Sheets in Octavo, or in a le(Ter Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper contained in One printed Copy or Impression thereof, a Duty of -

The foregoing Duty on Advertisements and Pamphlets does not extend to Advertisements respecting Hospitals, Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving, printed Votes, and Proceedings in Parliament, School Books, or Books of Devotion or Piety.

For each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, shall be duly authorized by a Magistrate to lell such Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent, or Booth, or in any Street, Road, or open Place at such Fair -

£ /. d. o o 6* o 1 1

022

o 2 8i

oxo

010

020

200

For any Assurance or Insurance, viz.

For any Assurance or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or any other Property or Interest, whereon Insurance may be lawfully made against Loss in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of, or other Perils at Sea; where the Premium or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent.

For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or Islands;

Where the Sum insured mall amount to One hundred Pounds, or any less Sum And so progressively for every One hundred Pounds so insured

And where the Sum insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds each, by any Fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, for such Fractional Part - For any other Voyage;

Where the Sum insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, or any less Sum And so progressively for every One hundred Pounds so insured

And where the Sum insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds each, by any Fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, for such Fractional Part -

And where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty, in all Cases, equal to Double the Amount of the foregoing Duties.

Any Assurance or Insurance upon every Sum of One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by any Person or Persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly -

o 1 3 013

0x3

026

026

0 2$

0 2 6

SCHEDULE (C.)

ALLOWANCES.

To any Person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin, to be stamped, the Duties whereof shall amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards (Save

and

and except Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to be damped with any Duty of Fifty Pounds or upwards in the foregoing Schedules mentioned 5 or to be damped with any Duty of Eleven Pounds or upwards in respect of any Licences), after the Rate of Three Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so by them brought; and to any Person or Persons who shall buy any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at the Head Office fot damping the fame, the Duty whereof shall amount to the like Sum of Twenty Pounds, or upwards, save as aforesaid, the same Allowance upon prompt Payment.

To any Shopkeeper or Shopkeepers, Dealer or Dealers, or other Person or Persons who shall for his, her, or their own sole Use purchase at the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in the City of Dublin any Quantity of Paper damped for Receipts, and shall at the Time of purchasing such damped Paper write, or cause to be written or printed thereon, these Words : — " I [or We 5 here inserting the Name or Names, or Firm of the Person or Persons, for whose Use such Paper shall be intended to be used] do hereby acknowledge that I [or We, as the Case may be] have received 2" an Allowance thereon after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, if the Quantity so purchased at One Time shall amoant to the Value of Five Pounds, and not exceed Fifteen Pounds; and aftev the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Centum, if the Quantity so purchased at One Time shall amount to Fifteen Pounds or upwards.

To Stationers, or other Persons, who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts* to the Amount, at One and the same Time, of Ten Pounds, in Consideration of their making no Charge to the Publick for the Paper damped for Receipts but actually and bona fide felling the lame for the Price of the Stamp only, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum, not under the Sum of Ten Pounds 5 this Allowance being over and above the Allowance on the prompt Payment of Stamp Duties to the Amount of Twenty Pounds or upwards.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain [on the Rates and Duties on Profits #J arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Mijtfty, for*Query > repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for <h< Profits. granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

[13 th June 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Recital of Duties

A8 for granting to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive 8rn^le<1

Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices, it was enacted,*3. c. 1 t,

that during the Term therein mentioned, there shall be raised levied collected and paid throughout Great Britain, the several Duties and Contributions contained in the Schedules of the said Act, marked (A.) (B.)

(C.) (D.) and (E.) 5 which Duties are as follows, {videlicet: )

it. per Ann. dm

SCHEDULE (A.) Property in

For all Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages there shall be charged throughout Great Britain in respect of the Property thereof, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, the Sum of One Shilling. i0 274.

SCHEDULE (B.)

For all Dwelling Houses Lands Tenements or Hereditaments in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon Tweed, there shall be charged in respect of the Occupation thereof; for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, the Sum of Nine-pence s

For all Dwelling Houses Lands Tenements or Heritages in Scotland, there shall be charged in respect of the Occupation thereof, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, the Sum of Sixpence.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Upon all Profits arising from Annuities Dividends and Shares of Annuities, payable to any Person or Persons Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies or Societies, whether Corporate or not Corporate, out of any Publick Revenue, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Amount thereof, the Sum of One Shilling without Deduction.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Upon the annual Profits or Gains arising or accruing to any Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, from any Kind of Property whatever, whether situate in Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Profession Trade or Vocation, whether the same shall be respectively carried on in Great Britain or elsewhere, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount of such Profits or Gains the yearly Sum of One Shilling:

And upon the annual Profits or Gains arising or accruing to any Person or Persons whatever, whether Subjects of His Majesty or not, although not resident within Great Britain, from any Property whatever in Great Britain, or any Profession Trade Employment or Vocation exercised within Great Britain, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount of such Profits or Gains the yearly Sum of One Shilling.

SCHEDULE (E.)

On Occupier* #f Lands in England, 9d. f inc rented to II. 6d J

In Scotland, 6<L

[increasai to u.J

Sir §75.

On Annuitl;* and Dividends on Public Revenues, i«.

[incrtjfed to is,] Si t §103.

On Profits of Property cf Persons resident in G. B. is.

[inertajedio is.]

On Property in

G. B. of Pm font ne t n fulirg iV.cie, is.

[ inertaf d to IS.] S.e §111.

678 0, 65

46° GEORG JI III.

A.D. 1806.

Om Public Offices, Pcn-fions, &c. is. [inereuJeJ toJ.J See §15a.

AcMiiionil Duties under 45G. 3. c. 15.

Duties in ScL^dule A.B. C.D. and E. increased a fur 5th April ibo6.

Duties after 5th April 1806, shall be lev it d under this Act.

45 G 3- c. 49-repealed excepc atto Arrears, ice

No Duties on fia&ional Parts lower than id.

The Duties in 'lingland shall be aifeded under 43 G. 3. c. 99. in Scotland under 43 G. 3 c. 150. and subsequent <A«3s.

Powers of said Acts shall be applied to the rtipe^ive Parts of Great Britain, except as other* wife provided.

Commissioners for General Pyrposes under former Acts snay continue to a A.

Commissioners for the Purposrs of this Act shall

SCHEDULE (E.)

Upon every publick Office or Employment of Profit, and upon every Annuity Pension or Stipend, payable by

His Majesty or out of the publick Revenue of Great Britain, except Annuities before charged to the Duties

in Schedule (C.) for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof respectively there shall be charged the

Sum of One Shilling.

And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an additional Duty was granted of One fourth Part of the Net* amount of the Duty charged by any Assessment under and by virtue of the said first recited Act; We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Common* 4 of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland m Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolvfed to give and grant unte

Your Majesty the additional Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it ' may be enacted V and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, there shall be charged raised levied collected and, paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, during

'the Term herein after limited, on the annual Value and Amount of Profits of all Property Professions Trade* and Offices mentioned in the respective Schedules of the said first recited Act, marked (A.) (C.) (D.) and (E.) after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings of such annual Value or Amount; and on the annual Value of all Property mentioned in the.Schedule marked (B.) of the said first recited Act, if situate in England, Wales, or Berwick-upon Tweed, after the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings of such annual Value, and if situate in Scotland, after the Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of such annual Value, including therein the Rates and Duties before recited; which Rates and Duties shall respectively be charged in one Sum at the respective Rates before mentioned.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be assessed raised levied and paid under the

Provisions of this Act be it therefore enacted, That upon all Assessments of the said Duties to be made, for any Year commencing after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, the following Rules Regulations Penalties Clauses Matters and Things, shall be observed practised and carried into Execution; and all the Powers Provisions Rules Regulation^ Clauses Matters and Things, contained in an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Tear tf His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more tjfcdual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties, shall respectively cease and determine; save and except always as to the Deductions Exemptions and Abatement*, which may be claimed from any Assessment of the said recited Duties, or any of them, made for any Year before the Period limited for the Commencement of this Act; and also save and except the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Act contained, and the Provisions for Recovery thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon every Fractional Part of Twenty Shillings of the annual Profits or Gains aforesaid, the like Proportion of Duty, at the Rate before directed, shall be charged; provided no Rate or Duty shall be charged of a lower Denomination than One Penny.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties arising in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, shall be assessed raised levied and collected, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties Under the Management of the Commissioners for tbs Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same; and other Acts relating thereto, or for explaining and amending the Tame; and the said Duties arising in Scotland shall be assessed raised levied and collected, under the Regulations of an Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts, so far as relate to Scotland; and other Acts relating thereto, or for explaining and amending the same; and all and every the Powers Authorities Methods Rules Directions Penalties Forfeitures Clauses Matters and Things contained in such Acts (except where other Provisions are made in this Act) shall be severally and respectively duly observed practised and put in Execution, throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers Authorities Methods Rules Directions Penalties Forfeitures Clauses Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and respectively applied to such Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid; and all and every the Regulations of such Acts (except as aforesaid) shall be applied eonflrued deemed and taken to refer to this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been enacted therein 5 and the said several Duties so levied, shall be under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

V. 'And be it further enacted, That the Persons appointed Commissioners for the General Purposes of the said recited Acts, and acting as such for the Year immediately preceding the Commencement of this Act, shall and may, if willing so to do, continue to act as such Commissioners, without any new or further Appointment under this Act; provided that the Names of such Commissioners be transmitted within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act to the Office for Taxes for the Districts in England, and to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland or Comptroller of Taxes there for Scotland

VI. And Whereas it is expedient to appoint Commissioners for the General Purposes of this Act from and amongst the Persons appointed Commissioners for the Execution of an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the

J2 Reign

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 65. 679.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to IBs Majesty ly a Land Tax to be be chosen from

raijcd in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-tight, or from and {rt' C*>mm(!rm-

amongst the Persons appointed Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act by any subsequent Act of 7 g°QL*n<i 1 \

Parliament passed or to be passed, to act in the Execution of this Act, so far as relates to the Powers hereby a^Gmcial

veiled in such Commissioners; be it further enacted, That the several Persons appointed or to be appointed Merting* to be Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Land Ta < Act in the respective Parts of Great Britain convened by therein mentioned, being respectively qualified to act as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Land Tax

Act, shall meet at such Place within each County Shire or Stewartry and within each Riding of Tnrh, and Division of Lincoln, and within each City Borough Cinque Port Town and Place, for which they are respectively appointed Commissioners of the said Land Tax Act, as shall have been the usual and Common Place 01 holding the General Meetings of Commissioners under the said Land Tax Act, (or if such General Meetings shall not have been usually held in any such County Riding Division Shire Stewartry City Borough Cinque Port Town or Place, then at the Place where the Quarter Sessions shall be usually held therein, in the Week after the close of Ealler or next after Easter in every Year); which Meetings shall be Convened by the respective Sheriffs of Counties in England and Wales, and-by the respective Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of Counties or Shires in Scotland, and by the respective Chief Magistrates of all Boroughs Cinque Ports Towns and Places in Great Britain, whenever the same shall have been certified to them to be necessary by the Commissioners fQr the Affairs of Taxes for the respective Districts or any of them in England, or by the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the respective Districts or any of them in Scotland\ and shall be held between the First Day of v

March and the Fifth Day of April yearly in every Year in England, and between the Fifth Day of April and the Thirtieth Day of May in Scotland\ after such Notice shall nave been given to such Officers accordingly:

And at each such General Meeting the said Commissioners of Land Tax, or the major Part of them then present, Manner of shall chooseand set down in Writing the Names of such of the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, who shall chnofing Com*' respectively be qualified as herein after is required, and who shall be fit and proper to act in the several Hundreds milTioners.

Rapes Lathes Wapentakes or Wards, within the said Counties Ridings or Shires Stewartries or Divisions, or in

the several Parishes or Wards of the said Cities Boroughs Cinque Ports Towns and Places within the same,

observing always in forming such Districts the same Limits which shall have been settled for the Districts under

the said L.and Tax Act; and the Names of such Persons who shall be so chosen shall be set down in the Order

in which the major Part of the Commissioners then present shall judge fit they should respectively be appointed

Commissioners in their respective Districts; and any Seven, or any less Number than Seven not being in any

Case less than Three, or the Persons so set down, andfin the Order in which they shall be so set down in

such Lift, shall be Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act, and of the Duties granted as

aforesaid, and they are hereby required to take upon themselves the Execution of this Act as aforesaid and of the said Duties as such Commissioners for General Purposes; and any Seven, or any less Number than Seven ^nd supplyin

not being in any Case less than Three, of the Persons so set down next in Order to the Lift of Names before Vacancies.

mentioned, shall be Commissioners to supply Vacancies as the same may arise in the Manner herein after mentioned:

Provided always, that if the Commissioners appointed as herein is first mentioned shall not find amongst Tn default of themselves and set down the Names of Seven Persons to act, 'and Seven others to supply Vacancies, for each Land Tax-District within such County Riding Division Shire Stewartry City Liberty or Place, it shall be lawful for them Commissioners, to appoint any Person or Persons residing within such District, who shall respectively be qualified as herein after otj?" fil Person> is required and who in their Judgment shall be fit and proper Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes Di^rl|^ 'm: iy aforesaid, until the Number of Seven in each such Lift shall be completed, although such Persons shall not have named, been appointed to act as Commissioners in the Execution of the said Land Tax Act: Provided also, that if at Or from adjoin* such Meeting the Commissioners shall not find and set down Fourteen Persons of the Descriptions before- ing DiAritt* mentioned to act as Commissioners and to supply Vacancies in each such District, it shall be lawful for them to select such Number of Persons as shall be requisite from the Persons acting in or for any adjoining or neighbouring District of the same County Riding Division Shire Stewartry City Town or Place, in order that there shall be no Failure in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid 5 and the Names of such respective Persons who shall have been so chosen as aforesaid for any District in England, shall be transmitted to the Tax Office; and those so chosen for any District in Scotland, shall be transmitted to the Comptroller of Taxes there, in the Order in which they shall have been set down in such Lifts: Provided always, that where Seven Persons, qualified as herein after is olker^required, shall be chosen to act as Commissioners for any District as aforesaid, no other Person shall interfere act. as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act so long as such Seven Persons shall continue to act, except in the Districts herein after mentioned: Provided also, that where any Commissioner or Commissioners appointed to Commissioners execute the said Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting the said recited Duties, and heretofore ap-continuing to act in the Execution of the said Act, or to be appointed to act in the Execution of this Act, and P°'n.ted mayA acting as such at and immediately before the Time of holding such General Meeting, shall signify to such continue* Meeting either personally or by Writing his or their Consent to continue to act as such Commissioner or Commissioners, then and in every such Case, and so from Time to Time, the said Commissioners of Land Tax present at such Meeting shall be confine* 1 at such Meeting to the Appointment of such and so many Persons to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or to supply Vacancies, as shall be necessary to complete the Number required by this Act above the Number so consenting to act as aforesaid: Provided also, that such Fir^ Wcet* General Meetings as aforesaid shall and may, for the present Year, be holden at any Time before, the Tenth Day before 10th Oct. of October next after the passing of this Act.

VII. 1 And Whereas the District of Bedlingtonshire, situate in the County of Northumberland near to Morpeth Bedlingtonihire

Ward in the said County, is Part of the County Palatine of-Durham, and has hitherto been charged, together deemed Part of

with Chester Ward in the said County, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants thereof be it further Morpeth Ward,

enacted, jn Northwaher-Jand.

68o

In Default of holding a Genrr 1 Mee it.g Commissioners may continue to n£t without further Appointment.

How V icancics Hull be supplied.

Within certain Places Commissioners may be chosen in addition, to ail with Coromif-lionert before chosen.

In London.

In Norwich.

In other Cities and Towns.

In default of sufficient Com-ni'lTicHiers Persons qualified fer the County may be chosen for Cities, &c.

Per font duly Qualified may he cliofes

C. 65.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

enacted, That upon all Assessments to be made under this Act the said District of Bedlingtonshire shall be charged under this Act as Part of Morpeth Ward in the said County of Northumberland; provided that any Person or Persons residing in the said District of Bedlingtonshire, being duly qualified according to this Act, may act as a Commissioner or Commissioners, together with the Commissioners chosen and acting for Morpeth Ward aforesaid, in all Matters and Things relating to Bediingtonshire.

VIII. Andbeitfurth er enacted, That it in any County Riding or Division, or any City Town or Place any Default shall happen in holding such General Meeting for any Year, then and in every such Case the Commissioners already appointed or to be appointed in Manner before directed, and acting as such immediately before and at the Time when such Meeting ought to be held, shall and may continue to act as such Commissioners without any new Appointment; and it shall be lawful for them to supply any Vacancies then exiiting, in such Manner as they are hereby authorized to fill up Vacancies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when any One or more of the Commissioners for General Purposes shall die or decline to act, or having begun to act shall decline to act any further therein, then and in every such Case the remaining Commissioners shall choose One or more of the Person or Persons on the Lift to supply Vacancies, who shall be appointed the Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refusing or declining to act or dying, provided the Person so to be appointed shall have been chosen to supply such Vacancy in the same Manner as the Person so refusing or declining to act or dying; and the several Commissioners of Land Tax shall at such their General Meetings, and the several Persons herein after authorized to appoint Commissioners for certain Cities and Towns herein mentioned, shall, on Notice thereof from the Clerk to the acting Commissioners for the same Cities and Towns respectively as often as Occasion shall require, select and add new Names to the Persons before chosen to supply Vacancies, who shall respectively be a Commissioner or Commissioners for General Purposes, as and when any such Vacancy shall happen: Provided always, that if the Lift for supplying Vacancies to be made and renewed as aforesaid shall at any Time be defective, so that the due Number of Commissioners cannot be supplied therefrom, the same shall be filled up and renewed from Time to Time by the acting Commissioners for General Purposes in the District where such Failure shall have happened.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That within and for each of the Cities and Towns herein after mentioned, videlicet; London, Bristol, Exeter, Hull, Newadlle upon Tyne, Norwich, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King's Lynn, and Great Yarmouth, it shall be lawful for the Persons herein after mentioned to choose Commissioners, and Persons to supply their Vacancies, to act together with the Persons chosen or appointed, or to be chosen as before directed; and that in and for the City of London, Two Commissioners, and Two to supply their Vacancies, shall be named by the Mayor and Aldermen of London out of Eight Persons, Four of whom shall be Aldermen, to be returned to them by the Common Council; Two other Commissioners, and Two to supply their Vacancies, by the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England; One other Commissioner, and One other to supply his Vacancy, by each of the Companies herein after mentioned; videlicet, the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Governor and Directors of the South-Sca Company, the Governor and Directors of the Royal Exchange Insurance Company, the Governor and Directors of the London Assurance Company, the Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs of the West India Dock Company, and the Directors for conducting and managing the London Dock Company for the Time being: And that it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Justices of the Peace acting in and for the City of Norwich to choose Eight Persons to be Commissioners, and Eight Persons to supply their Vacancies, not more than Four of the said Eight Commissioners and not more than Four of the said Eight Persons to supply their Vacancies to be chosen from out of the said Magistrates and Justices, and the remaining Four Commissioners and Four Persons to supply their Vacancies to be chosen from the Inhabitants of the said City: And in and for each of the other Cities and Towns before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said City or Town or the County Riding or Division where the said City or Town is situate, to choose Eight Persons to be Commissioners and Eight Persons to supply their Vacancies as herein is mentioned; and the Persons so chosen by the Land Tax Commissioners as aforesaid, together with the other Persons respectively chosen as herein is particularly directed, shall be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and to supply their Vacancies as the same may arise within and for the several Districts in which such Cities and Towns respectively shall be situate, or which shall be formed by such Cities and Towns respectively, and for such other Places which have usually been assessed in the same DiArift with such Cities and Towns respectively towards the Aid by a Land Tax; and the Names of all Persons so chosen as last aforesaid shall be returned to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: Provided always, that the Persons already named by the respective Corporations Companies and Persons aforesaid, in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and acting as Commissioners at the Time of passing of this Act, shall continue to be Commissioners for General Purposes, 10 long as such Persons are willing to act therein, without any new Appointment.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, T^at m Case there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners chosen or appointed for General Purposes as aforesaid or to supply Vacancies capable of afthig according to the Qualification required by this Act, for any City Borough Town or Place, then and in every such Case any Person qualified to act for the County at large or Riding Shire or Stewartry, ir which or adjoining which such City Borough Town or Place shall be situate, may be chosen to act as a Commissioner for such City Borough Town or Place.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, residing in the County Riding Division Shire Stewartry City Town or Place where a Commissioner or Commissioners shall be wanting, and qualified a# herein after mentioned, who shall be willing to act as a Commissioner for General Purposes a*

9 aforesaid

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 6j.

aforesaid in any District where a Commissioner or Commissioners shall be wanting, may be chosen in Manner aforesaid to be such Commissioner or Commissioners, although such Person or Persons shall not have been appointed to act in the Execution of the said Land Tax Act; any Tiling herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it furth er enabled, That if in any District there shall be a Neglect in appointing Commissioners for General Purposes as hereby is directed, or the Commissioners so appointed shall neglect or refuse to act or having begun to act fha! decline to act farther therein, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed to execute the said Land Tax Act, being respectively qualified as directed by this Act, and they and every of them not in any Case exceeding the Number of Seven, on Notice of such Neglect and Want of Appointment by any Inspector or Surveyor of the find Duties duly authorized to give such Notice by Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Districts in England, and of Two or more of the Barons of His Majesty's Exchequer of Scotland, for the Districts in Scotland, shall and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required to take upon themselves the Execution of this Act, and to do and execute all Matters and Things which Commissioners chosen in pursuance of this Act are hereby required and empowered to do; and if in any District there shall be a Want of such last mentioned Commissioners, the Commissioners of any adjoining District in the same County Riding or Division Shire or Stewartry, being respectively qualified as directed by this Act, shall, on like Notice aforesaid, execute this Act as such Commissioners by themselves, or in Concurrence with any Person or Persons willing to act as Commissioners of the District where this Act shall require to be executed; and if the Persons aforesaid to whom such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall not take upon themselves the Execution of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Commissioners for Special Purposes, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, to execute this Act in fm; h Dnlrid in all Matters and Things hereby directed to be done by Commissioners for General Purposes: Provided always, that where Commissioners willing to ad in each Dillrid shall not be returned to the Tax Office in England and Scotland respectively as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and Barons respectively, to cause such Notices as aforesaid to be given to Two or more of the Persons on whom the Right of executing this Act shall devolve, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act before mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed for General Purposes in Manner aforesaid shall and may appoint a Clerk, and Assistant if necessary, for the Duties to be assessed by them in each District, who shall execute their Office according to the Regulations of this Act and the Acts herein mentioned respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person herein required to be qualified in respect of Estate shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for General Purposes in Execution of this Act for any County at large within England (the County of Monmouth and the Dominion of Wales excepted) or in or for any of the Ridings of the County Of Torh, or the County or Divisions of Lincoln, or in or for the Cities of Londm or We/lminster, unless such Person be seised or possessed of Lands Tenements or Hereditaments in Great Britain, of the Value of Two hundred Pounds per Annum or more of his own Estate, being Freehold or of, or Leasehold for a Term whereof not iels than Seven Years are unexpired, over and above all Ground Rents Incumbrance? and Reservations payable out of the same respectively, or unless such Person shall be possessed of Personal Estate of the Value of Five thousand Pounds, or a Personal Estate or an Interest therein producing an annual Income of Two hundred Pounds, or of Lands Tenements or Hereditaments and Personal Estate, or an Interest therein, being together of the annual Value of Two hundred Pounds, estimating in every such Case One hundred Pounds' Personal Estate as equivalent to Four Pounds per Annum, and an Interest from Personal Estate of Four Pounds per Annnm as equivalent to One hundred Pounds Personal Estate, or unless such Person be theeldeft Son of foms Person who shall be seised or possessed of a like Estate of Thrice the Value or more as is above required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in right of his own Estate, for such County at large Riding Division or City.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no such Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner as last aforesaid for the County of Monmouth, or for any County in 1Valest or for any other City Town or Place being a County of itself, or for the Liberty or Franchise of Ely, or for any Cinque Port, unless such Person be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of Three Fifths of the Value, as is herein required for the Estate ot a Commissioner acting for any County at large in England as aforesaid; nor for any other City Borough Liberty Town or Place, not being a County of itself, nor for any of the Inns of Court and Inns of Chancery, or Liberty of the Rolls, unless such Person be seised or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of One Half of the Value as herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner acting for any County at large in England; or unless such Person be the eldest Son of some Person who shall be seised or possessed of some Estate of thrice the Value or more, as is above required as the Qualification of a Commissioner, in right of his own Estate, for the same County City Borough Cinque Port Liberty Inn of Court or Chancery Town or Place.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person herein required to be qualified in respect of Estate shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for General Purposes in execution of this Act for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, who is not enfeoft in Superiority or Property, or possessed as Proprietor or Life Renter of Lands in Scotland to the Extent of One hundred and fifty Pounds Scots per Annum valued Rent, or unless such Person shall be possessed of Personal Estate of the Value of Three thousand Pounds, or of Personal Estate or an Interest therein producing an annual Income of One hundred and twenty Pounds Sterling, or be enfeoft or possessed as aforesaid of Lands and Personal Estate, or an Interest therein, being- together of the annual Value of One hundred and twenty Pounds Sterling, estimating in every such case One hundred Pounds Personal Estate as equivalent to Four Pounds per Annum, and an Interest from Personal Estate of Four Pounds per Annum as

46 Geo. III. 4 S equivalent

681

Commissioner* although not named in Land Tax Act.

Commissioners of La id Tax AA Audi execute this Act on neglect of General

Commissioners;

and Commission-m fur Special Ptrpolts,

Neglect of Land Tax CommtiUoum.

Commission'Tt may appoint a Clerk and A Aidant.

Qualification of Commissioners for Counties in England (except Monmouth and Wales.)

Sec §16,

Qualification »f Commissionci* for Monmouth* Wales, Ely, Cinque Porta, Cities, See being Counties; other Cities and Places, See

Qualification oft Com milioners for C >unties in Sco.la id;

682

Qualification i Commissioner for Cities or Borough* ui Scotland.

Proviso for certain Officers paiticuhriy authorised or named.

A Moiety rf the Qualification in Lauds may be io the County.

Proof thereof.

Mode of choosing additional

Commissioners.

Qualification of additional Cumin Wj oners.

In default of naming whom General Commissionert may alt.

Per the Supply of Coro missioners jo Chics, &c. not having Persons qualified.

Commissioneri empowered to alfcfs and levy for former Year*.

Two Commissioner 5 may alt.

None to have Fee or Reward.

Notice shall he given to additional Commi f-Jiuners to execute this Act.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

equivalent to One hundred Pounds Personal Estate 5 or unless he shall be the elded Son of some Person who shall be enfeoft or possessed of a like Estate of twice the value or more, as is required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in right of his own Estate for such Shire or Stewartry.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner as last aforesaid, for any City or Borough in Scotland, unless such Person be enfeoft or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of Three Fifths of the Value, herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner acting for any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland 5 or unless such Person be the cldcft Son of some Person enfeoft or possessed of some Estate of thrice the Value or more, as is above required as the Qualification of a Commissioner in right of his own Estate, for the same City or Borough.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to require any Qualification of a Commissioner in the District of the Palaces of Whitehall and Saint James Westminster> for any Officer who shall have heretofore acted or may hereafter aft as a Commissioner for putting in execution the said Land TV. Act in the said District, other than the Possession of their respective Offices; nor in any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland for any Provost, Baillic, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, Masterof the Merchant's Company, or Deacon Convenor of the Trades for the Time being of any Royal Burgh in Scotland, nor any Baillje for the Time being of any Borough of Regality or Barony in Scotland, nor the Factors for the Time being on the several forfeited Estates annexed to the Crown, by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, who shall be respectively appointed Commissioners for executing the said Land Tax Acts in any Shire or Stewartry in Scotland.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Estate confiding of Lands or Tenements, as the Qualification of a Commissioner, shall be required to be situate in the County Riding Division Shire or Stewartry, for which such Person shall be a.Commissioner: Provided also, that the Proof of such Qualification shall lie on the Person acting in the execution of this Act in such manner as is directed in any Act herein mentioned with respect to Commissioners acting in the execution of the said Land Tax Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, whenever it shall be deemed by the Commissioners for the General Par-pofesof this Act to be expedient that certain of the Powers herein contained shall be executed by Commissioners other than and in addition to the Persons chosen or appointed, or to be chosen or appointed as aforesaid, such additional Commissioners shall be chosen by the Commissioners for General Purposes acting in the same District; for which Purpose the said Commissioners, being duly qualified as required by this Act, (nail, with the Consent of the major Part of them assembled at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, set down in Writing Lists of the Names of such Persons, residing within their respective Districts, as shall in the Opinion of such Commissioners be fit and proper Persons to act as such additional Commissioners, which Lift shall contain the Names of so many of those Persons as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion, after taking into Consideration the Size of each District and the Number of Persons to be assessed therein, think requisite for the due Execution of this Act, which Lifts being respectively signed by any Two or more of such Commissioners shall be a sufficient Authority for such additional Commissioners, being respectively qualified as herein after is mentioned, and they are hereby authorized to take upon themselves the Execution of the several Powers of this Act according to the Provisions thereof: Provided always, that Persons appointed to supply Vacancies in any District may be chosen and aft as additional Commissioners until their Services shall be required as Commissioners for General Purposes.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such additional Commissioner who shall not be seised or enfeoft or possessed of an Estate of the like Nature, and of Half the Value, as Is herein required for the Estate of a Commissioner for General Purposes in the same District: Provided also, that where no additional Commissioners shall be named and appointed in any District, then and in such Case the Commissioners appointed for General Purposes shall execute the same in such District, in all Matters and Things authorized to be done by additional Commissioners by this Act

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in any City Liberty Franchise Cinque Port Town or Place, for which separate Commissioners have been appointed to act in execution of the said Land Tax Act, there shall not be found a sufficiciit Number of Persons qualified as directed by this Act to act as Commissioners for General Purposes, or as additional Commissioners, then and in such case it shall be lawful to appoint, as such Commissioners or additional Commissioners, any Persons residing in such City Liberty Franchise Cinque Port Town or Place, who shall be liable to be assessed under the Provisions contained in this Act for annual Profits however arising to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds or upwards.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Year when a new Appointment of a Commissioner or Commissioners shall take place, he or they shall execute this Act, as well with respect to the Duties which shall not, but which ought to, have been assessed in any former Year, and with respect to Arrears of Duties assessed in any former Year, under the said recited Acts, or this Act, as to the Assessments to be made in such Year in or for which they shall be appointed, and shall have the like Powers to affefa levy and collect such Duties and Arrears as they have to assess levy and collect the Duties assessed by them, for all which Acts such Appointment shall be a sufficient Authority, subject to the Regulations of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts Matters ancf Things, which may be done by any Commissioners herein named or authorized to be appointed as aforesaid, shall and may be done by any Two or more of them, or by the major Part of such Commissioners where more than Two shall be present; and no Fee Reward Salary Pay or Compensation shall be demanded allowed paid or taken by any such Commissioner on any Pretence whatever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid shall have named such additional Commissioners, they shall cause Notice thereof in Writing, signed by Two or more of them, U be delivered to them by the Assessors of the respective Parishes or Places where such additional Commissioners

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 65, 683

reticle, with the* Day of the First Meeting of the said additional Commissioners, and the Place of such Meeting to be appointed by such Commissioners for General Purposes, and which shall not be later than Ten Days after the Date of such Notice; and the said felpective Assessors shall, without Delay, cause the respective Person^ so named to be summoned, by Notice in Writing either given personally or left at their respective Places of Abode, to assemble at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose of qualifying themselves to a<?l in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; and the said Commissioners for General Purposes, or any Two or more of them, shall administier the Oath or Affirmation to such additional Commissioners required by this Act to be taken by them, and shall then and there appoint a Day for the said additional Commissioners to bring in their Certificates of Assessment in the Manner herein directed; and the Clerk to the Commissioners in each District or his Assistant shall also be appointed Clerk to the additional Commissioners appointed for the same District, and shall attend the said additional Commissioners at their Meetings as their Clerk.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for General Purposes, whenever in their Judgement the same shall be requisite, to divide such additional Commissioners into District-Committees, and to allot to each Committee distinct Parishes Wards or Places, in which such Committees shall separately act in the Execution of this Act, provided that the Meetings of such Committee shall be appointed at such Times as that the Clerk to such Commissioners may attend every Meeting.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for more than Seven Persons to act together as additional Commissioners for the same District not being formed into several Divisions as aforesaid, nor any greater Number to act together in the same Committee; and that where more than Seven Persons shall attend as such additional Commissioners at any Meeting, either for the Whole of any District, or for any Division thereof, the Seven Persons first in their Order on the Lift signed by the Commissioners for General Purposes then present shall act, and the Rest shall withdraw from such Meeting: Provided also, that not less than Two additional Commissioners shall be competent to form any Meeting either for any District or Division thereof; and that any Two of them, or the major Part of them then present, shall be competent to do any Act authorized by this Act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid, whether they shall have been chosen as aforesaid, or shall act by virtue of their Appointment of Commissioners for executing the said Land Tax Act, to be expedient that a greater Number than Seven Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid, possessing the Qualification required for such Commissioners, should be appointed for any District, instead of appointing Commissioners possessing only the Qualification required for additional Commissioners as before mentioned, it shall be lawful for them to appoint such greater Number, not in any Case exceeding the Number of Seven, observing, with regard to such Appointments, the Came Rules as in the first Appointment of Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid, but nevertheless without adding thereto any Persons to supply their Vacancies; and in every Case of appointing such increased Number of Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their first Meeting after such Appointment, and they are hereby required, to choose indifferently by Lot such Number of their own Body, not lets than Two or more than Seven, to execute the Office veiled in additional Commifikmers by this Act, and the Persons so chosen shall be additional Commissionen* for executing this Act, and the Powers hereby vested in additional Commissioners, and they are hereby required to execute this Act accordingly; and the regaining Commissioners, not so chosen by Lot, shall execute the Powers vested in the Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid; provided, that where no such additional Commissioners shall have been appointed specially to execute the Powers vested in additional Commissioners, the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, whether chosen as aforesaid or not, shall divide themselves in such Manner that Two Commissioners at the lead shall be appointed to execute the Powers vested in additional Commissioners by this Act; and if in such Case there shall not be Two remaining Persons at lead qualified to act as Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid in such District, then and in such Case the Persons qualified to act in the Execution of the Powers of this Act as Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid in any adjoining District of the same County Riding Division Shire or Stewartry, or such Number of them as shall be requisite, shall execute this Act and the Powers hereby vested in Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid, in and for such first-mentioned District

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid, shall execute this Act in all Matters and Things relating to the Duties in Schedules marked (A.) and (B) of the said Act, except such Allowances in respect thereof as are directed to be made in Number VI. of Schedule (A.) by other Commissioners for Special Purposes as henein-after mentioned, and also all Matters and Things relating to the Duties in Schedule (D) of the said Act, except such Matters and Things as are directed to be done by the additional Commissioners or Persons acting as such; and the said Commissioners for General Purposes shall also execute this Act in all Matters and Things relating to the Duties in Schedule (E.) not executed by the Commissioners authorized to be appointed for those Duties: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any Person chosen a Commissioner for General Purposes from acting as such, by Reason of his acting or having acted as an additional Commissioner, except only in the hearing and determining Appeals against or relating to such particular Assessments, wherein he shall have made an Assessment as such additional Commissioner.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Time being, together with the Persons appointed Assistant Commissioners under the Authority of the said Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and such other Persons as shall be appointed Assistant Commissioners for special Purposes as herein sifter mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the special Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under the Royal Sign Manual, or the Lord High

4S 2 Treasurer,

Their Orh:

[ 9cr $ 218. Seted. V ]

C<»mmiflt; mets* Ckik. shall attend additiot a) Co rtmiflijneis.

Additional Commissioner* may be divided into Committees*

Number of additional Cwm-miflroners in each Committee or District not more than 7 or less than a.

A greater Number of General Commissioners may be

chosen instead of

additional

Commissioneri.

Part of them'shall execute the Office of additional Ccftamif-J doners.

Commissioners shall divide themselves, so that Two may act as additional Commissioners: And their Number may be supplied from any adjoining Distitfl.

General Commissioners shall execute all Matters with respect to the Duties under. Schedules A B. D E. except such as are directed to he done by Special or other Commissioners,

Commissioners of Taxes, Sec* shall act for Special Purposei.

I

684

Trc a fury may ajipcim A {fillant CommitFiuners.

Thcii Power*.

[$'* §74*1 t [S<c §103.]

May grant Ex* tn»ption$ for former Year* under Schedule

(C.)

May charge the Duly on Schedule (C)for ferraer Years t

shall not alter Assessments aiade:

Their Proceedings shall be by Affidavit without Examination.

Their Salary.

Penalty on. Clerks neglecting to dclivor Returns made >0 thcpi, 100L

Appointment!

of Alhrtant CommiHi ner* exceeding 3, with Salaries, shall be laid before Parliament*

Governors and Diie&ers of the Tlar.k, East India and South Sea Companies shall be Commissioners for charging the Duty on their respective Corporate Stocks.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury* or any Thtee or more of them, for the Time being, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, frQm Time to Time to appoint such and lo many other Persons to be Assistant Commissioners for such spec^l Purposes, as he or they respectively shall think expedient 5 which said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes JltVd Assistant Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, without other Qualification being required than the Possession of their respective Offices, shall have full Authority to execute the several Powers given by this Act to Commissioners for Special Purposes, either in relation to the Allowances specified in Number VI. Schedule ( A.) of this Act#, or in relation to the special Exemptions granted from the Duties' mentioned in Schedule (C.) of this Act f, or to the charging and assessing the Profits arising from Annuities Dividends and Shares of Annuities paid in Great Britain out of the Public Revenues of Ireland\ or any Foreign State as, and with the Exception, herein mentioned; and also in relation to the examining auditing checking and clearing the Books and Accounts of .Dividends delivered to the Inspector, under the Authority of this Act; and also shall have full Authority to do any other Act Matter or Thing hereby directed or required to be done by Commissioners for Special Purposes appointed as aforesaid or to be appointed under this Act; and all Powers Provisions Clauses Matters and Things contained in this Act, for ascertaining^ the Amount of any Duty Exemption or Allowance mentioned in this Act, shall be used practised and put ia Execution by the Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed, in ascertaining the Amount of Duty, or any Exemption or Allowance placed under the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners so appointed or to he appointed; and in all Cases where any Exemptions from the Duties in Schedule (C.) granted by the said recited Acts, shall not have been claimed before the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Special Commissioners to enquire into and allow such Exemptions, under the like Powers and in like Manner as they are authorized to enquire into and allow any Exemptions or Claims to be made in respect of the said Duties which shall accrue after the passing of this Act 5 and also in all Cases where the Commissioners for General Purposes in their respective Districts shall not have proceeded toaffefs the Duties contained in Schedule (C.) for any Year prior to the passing of this Act, not with (landing that Returns of the Amount thereof may have been made to them, the said Commissioners for Special Purposes shall have Authority to examine such Returns, and to assess the respective Parties making such Returns, and also all Persons who shall have neglected to make such Returns, by virtue of this Act, with such Powers and under such Provisions as the Commissioners for General Purposes might have used and exercised under the said recited Acts or this Act: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed, to alter any Assessments made by Commissioners in their respective Districts, or any Exemption Abatement or Allowance which they might lawfully

frant, or any Certificate thereof; nor for the said Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed, to summon any 'erson to be examined before them j but all Inquiries by or before the Commissioners so appointed or to be appointed, shall be answered by Affidavit, to be taken before One or more of the Commissioners for General Purposes in their respective Districts, which such Commissioner or Commissioners is and are hereby authorized to take on Oath or Affirmation on undamped Paper, end no such Affidavit shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and such Commissioners for Special Purposes aforesaid shall have Authority to use exercise and apply all the Powers of this Act as effectually as any other Commissioners are hereby authorized to use exercise or apply the fame, so far as the same Powers relate to the Jurisdiction given to such Commissioners and the said Assistant Commissioners shall and may be allowed such Salary for their Pains and Trouble, and such incidental Ev pences, as the said Lords Commissioners now or for the Time being or the said Lord High Treasurer shall direct to be paid to them; and if the Clerks to the respective Commissioners who shall have failed to assess the said Duties contained in Schedule (C.), notwithstanding such Returns may have been made to them as aforesaid, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect upon Demand made by any Inspector herein after mentioned acting under the Authority of the said Commissioners for Special Purposes, to deliver the Returns made to the said respective Commissioners for General Purposes, in their Custody or Power, or the Custody or Power of any of them, or of the respective Commissioners under whom such Clerks act, or Copies of such Returns, or of such Parts thereof as relate to the said Duties, or Abstracts from the same, containing the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Parties making such Returns, and the several Amounts of Dividends returned under their proper Descriptions, within a reasonable Time after such Demand made, every such Clerk so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Number of Assistant Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid with a Salary shall exceed Three, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause an Account of such Appointments and Amounts of Sakiries to be laid before each House of Parliament within Twenty Days after such Appointment, if Parliament shall then be fitting, anddf Parliament shall not be fitting, then within .Twenty Days after the Meeting of the next Parliament.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Company of the Bank of England in respect of the Annuities payable to the said Company at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Bank Stock; the Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq/l Indies, in respect of the Annuities payable to the said Company at the said Receipt, commonly called East India Stock; and the Governors and Directors of the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seaj, in respect of Annuities payable to the said Company at the said Receipt, commonly called South Sea Stocky or any Three or more of them respectively, shall respectively be Commissioners for the General Purposes of this Act, so far as respects the Duty on such Annuities, and the Profits attached to the same and divided amongst the several Proprietors, and shall respectively have Authority as such Commissioners to exercise all the Powers of this Act in relation to the Duty to be charged on such Annuities and Profits attached to the fame; but nevertheless, separate and diflindl from the Amount of any other anuual Profits and Gains in respect of the Trade and Commerce or Business of such Companies respectively over and above such Dividends and Profits attached thereto and divided as aforesaid 5 and

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 65. 685

such Commissioners shall have Authority to use exercise and apply all the Powers of this Act as effectually as any other Commissioners are hereby authorized to use exercise or apply the fame, so far as the same relate to the said tail.mentioned Duties 5 which Assessments shall be made under and subject to the Rules Regulations and Exemptions contained in Schedule (C.) of this Act*. § ^1-1

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the same Persons respectively who shall act as Commissioners as Bank South, last aforesaid, fer Bank Stock and South Sea Stock, shall also be Commissioners under the Regulations of this Act, and under the like Powers as aforesaid for the Purposes of assessing and charging the Duties hereby made Commissioners

Payable on ail Annuities Dividends and Shares of Annuities payable out of the Revenue of Great Britain, to any for charging 'erson or Persons Corporations or Companies whatever, and which shall have been entrusted to the said respective Outi^ on i>i. Companies of the Bank of England and South Sea for such Payment, which Assessments shall be made under and subject to the Rules Regulations and Exemptions contained in Schedule (CJ) of this Act. § I03-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the same Persons who shall act as Commissioners as aforesaid, in Directort respect of the Annuities payable to the Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bunk Stocky shall iiiiffionr*«

as such Commissioners for General Purposes also have like Authority to assess the said Company for and in respect of all and every the Profits of the said Company chargeable by this Act, under the Rules of Schedule Bank, under (D.) making such Deductions thereout, and no other, as by this Act is allowed, and r.o other Commissioners Schedule (D.) shall interfere in the Assessments of Profits belonging to the said Company.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the same Persons who shall act as Commissioners as aforesaid in respect of the Annuities payable out of the Revenue of Great Britain at the Bank of England, shall also be Dividends on Commissioners under the Regulations of this Act, and with the like Powers as aforesaid for the Purposes of irish or Foreign assessing and charging the Duties hereby granted and payable on all Dividends and Shares of Annuities payable Stock, payable out of the Revenue of Ireland, or of any Foreign State, or of any Colony or Settlement belonging to the J, 1 l, Jc Crown of the United Kingdom, which shall have been entrusted to the said Governor and Company for Payment an*to any Persons Corporations or Companies in Great Britain, which Assessments shall be made under and subject. to the Rules Regulations and Exemptions contained in Schedule (C.) of this Act. §103.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Persons appointed as aforesaid or to be appointed Commissioner* Commissioners for Special Purposes under the Authority of this Act, shall be Commissioners under the Regulations for charging of this Act, and with the like Powers as aforesaid for the Purpose of ifiTeffing and charging the Duties hereby plJ^dcid^-p-iy-i made payable on all Dividends and Shares of Annuities payable out of the Revenue of Ireland\ or of any aliic C|fCwhere Foreign State, to any Person or Persons Corporations Companies or Societies in Great Britain^ which shall have than ar ibeBauk been or shall be entrusted for such Payment to any Person or Persons Corporations Companies or Societies of England, whatever in Great Britain, other than and except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England a9^ aforesaid, which Assessments shall be made under and subject to the Rules Regulations and Exemptions contained in Schedule (C.) of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in respect of the Duties hereby granted on Annuities payable at Commissionrrj the Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer Annuities, whether for Dives or Years, or dependingon Survivorship, E*c'qucf the same Commissioners who shall act in relation to Pensions payable by His Majesty at the said Exchequer, a3 herein after mentioned, shall also be Commissioners for charging the several Sums made payable on such Exchequer Annuities, and shall have Authority to exercise all and every the Powers of this Act in like Manner^ as is herein-before directed with regard to Stock of the Bank South Sea and Fail India Companies respectively,

XXXIX. And for the ordering raising levying and paying of the said Sums of Money hereby made payable Commissioner» on Offices and Employments of Profit, be it further enacted, That the Lord High Chancellor, Judges, and all j^office^iii* and every the principal Officer or Officers of each Cotirt or public Department of Office under His Majesty f>ui, iicfc De-througbout Great Britain, whether the same shall be Civil Judicial or Criminal, Ecclesiastical or Commissariate, partments fhttN Military or Naval, shall have Authority to appoint Commissioners from and amongst the Officers of each Court bc appointed or Department of Office respectively, and the Persons so appointed or any Three or more of them, not in any^JutJ8c* Case exceeding Seven, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act as aforesaid and the Powers therein contained in relation to the Offices in each such Court or Department respectively: Provided always, that in

relation to each Department of Office, not being one of His Majesty's Courts Civil Judicial or Criminal, or an

Ecclesiastical or Commissariate Court, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for England, Wales, Exchequer in-and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall, whenever they think it Scorlnnd miy expedient, settle and determine in what particular Departments Commissioners shall not be appointed, and in determine Dfc-such Case shall settle and determine in what other Department of Office the Officers of that Department wherein Commissioners shall not be appointed shall be assessed; and also whenever there shall beany Default in oWerV may Officers of any Department, or in any Court aforesaid, in appointing Commissioners, the said Commissioners of appoint Com-the Treasury and Barons of the Exchequer respectively, shall, within the Time herein limited, appoint fit and miifioncm proper Person?, as directed by this Act, to be Commissioners for executing this Act in the several Courts or Departments of Offices aforesaid for which they shall be appointed, from and amongst the Officers in the several Several Offices Departments respectively, uniting for the Purposes of this Act, in Cases requiring the fame, Two or more bc Offices under the same Commissioners; but nevertheless with difiinft Officers from each Office so united for assessing and collecting the fame» as directed by this Act; and where any Dispute shall arise touching the Department in which any Office is executed, the said Lords Commissioners oftlie Treasury and Barons of the Court of Exchequer respectively as aforesaid, shall determine the fame: Provided also, that where the A (teflon» shall Commissioners of one Department shall execute this Act in relation to any ether Department, the Assessors and Collectors for such other Department shall be appointed from the Officers of such other Department, with ail ow 0 con* the Powers and Privileges appertaining to such Appointments: Provided also, that where no Appointment* , n Deteul^, t shall be made of Commissioners before the Expiration of the Time limited by tills Act, the Commissioners for Dutton*

executing Lands,

aft.

686

A.D. 1806.

Appointment of

Commissionci* for 0; i.cc» in House of Pai* lumeui, Counties Pa atinr, infciior Cuuits, EceUliufticU bodies, &c.

In Default, Coninnlfjoners for Duti; s oti Lands, See. rruy u&.

Commissioners foi Durics on O.'Tiecs in Corporation!, See,

County and PaiochulOifice*.

Appointment of Commissioneri ftull be notified to the Tax Office. within One Monti; or in Default, the Treasury shall appoint within another Month; or the Corn-mi (Rotters of the District Dull n&.

Like Provision1 to Scotland.

Duration and Renewal of ^ppoiuttnents.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III.

executing this Act in relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements shall, in their several Districts, also execute this Act in relation to the said Duties on Offices and Employments of Profit, exercised within the same Districts respectively and the Appointment of such Commissioners shall be notified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, and to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and the want of such Notification in due Time shall be deemed full Proof of the want of such Appointment.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Speaker, and the principal Clerk of either House of Parliament, the principal or other Officers in the several Counties Palatine, and the Duchy of Cornwall, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in any inferior Court of Justice, whether of Law or Equity or Criminal or Judiciary, or under any Ecclesiastical Body or Corporation whether aggregate or foie, throughout threat Britain, shall appoint Commissioners from and amongst the Persons executing Offices in either House of Parliament, or in their respective Departments of Office 5 and the Persons so appointed, or any Three or more of them, not in any Case exceeding Seven, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and the Powers therein contained, in relation to the Places Offices and Employments of Profit in each House of Parliament, and in each such Department respectively, which Appointments shall be miwfe, and the Names of the Commissioners shall be transmitted to the Office for Taxes in England or to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, within the Time herein limited: Provided always, that where no such Appointment shall be made of such last mentioned Commissioners before the Expiration of the Time limited by this Act, the Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements, shall, in their several Districts, on due Notice of such Default in the Manner herein directed, also execute this Act in relation to the Duties on such Offices or Employments of Profit exercised within the same Districts respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor Aldermen and Common Council, or the Bailiffs and Capital Burgesses, or the principal Officers or Members, by whatever Name they shall be called, of every Corporate City Borough Town or Place and of every Cinque Port throughout Great Britain, or any Three or more of them not in any Case exceeding Seven, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act and the Powers therein contained, in relation to the Publick Offices or Employments of Profit in such City Corporation and Cinqhe Port, and in every Guild Fraternity Company or Society whether Corporate or hot Corporate within such City Corporation or Cinque Port; and that for all Offices or Employments of Profit (not being Publick Offices or Employments of Profit under His Majesty) in any County Riding Shire Stewartry City Liberty Franchise Town or Place, whether in the Appointment of the Lieutenant Custos Rotulorum or the Justices or Magistrates or Commissioners for Aids or Taxes or Sheriff of such County Riding Shire Stewartry City Liberty Franchise Town or Place, or of any Trustees or Guardians of any Trust or Fund in such County Riding Shire Stewartry City Town or Place, and for all Parochial Offices in such County Riding Shire Stewartry City Town or Place (except Corporate Offices in Cities Corporate Towns Boroughs or Places, or Offices in Cinque Ports as aforesaid) the Commissioners for executing this Act in relation to the Duties on Lands and Tenements, shall, in their several Districts, also execute this Act in relation to the said Duties on Offices in such County Riding Shire Stewartry City Liberty Franchise Town or Place, and such respective Commissioners shall and may exercise any of the Powers contained in this Act in relation to any of the Duties herein mentioned, for causing due Returns to be made from the respective Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and for compelling the Assessors to make their Certificates of Assessment, and returning the fame, and for the due Collection of and accounting for the said Duties, and may aft therein, in all respects, as fully and effectually as any other Commissioners are hereby empowered to act in relation to the said other Duties; provided the Monies collected of the said Duties under the respective Commissioners acting for such Offices, in Corporate Cities Boroughs Towns or Places aforesaid, or in the Cinque Ports or in the several Counties Ridings Divisions Shires Stewartries Cities Liberties Franchises Towns and Places, shall be paid to the Receiver General of the County Riding Shire or Stewartry and not otherwise; and that the like Duplicates shall be delivered of such last mentioned Duties as in other Cases where the same are directed to be paid in like Manner.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Appointment of Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Duties on Offices and Employments of Profit as aforesaid in England, shall respectively be notified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, with respect to the first Assessment under the fame, and within One Calendar Month after the Fifth Day of April in any future Year, and in Default thereof the Appointment of such Commissioners shall devolve on the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and on the Commissioners of the Dillrift, in Succession as aforesaid: Provided always, that such Appointment by the Commissioners of the Treasury shall take place within One Calendar Month after the Notification of such Default as aforesaid from the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and in case of no Appointment as last aforesaid, to be notified in like Manner, the Execution of this Act shall devolve on the Commissioners before mentioned appointed for the District in relation to the Duties on Lands Tenements and Hereditaments: Provided auo, that such Appointments by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, shall take place in every Case of such Default as aforesaid from the Space of One Calendar month after the respective Periods before limited; and in case no such Appointment shall be made by the said Barons within One Calendar Month after such Default, then the Execution of this Act shall devolve on the Commissioners before mentioned appointed for the District ia relation to the Duties on Lands Tenements or Hereditaments.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That such Appointment shall be until other Commissioners shall be appointed, and which Appointment may be renewed annually on or before the Fifth Day of April in each Year during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always, that the Commissioners already appointed under

the

A.D. 18q6. 46° GEORGII III. C. 65. 687

the said recited Act, or to be appointed under this Act, may continue to act from Year to Year, so long as Commiflv>ner« they are respectively willing to act, without any new Appointment, unless it shall be deemed expedient, underPP°inle<1 the Powers of this Act, that any Department for which Commissioners have been appointed should be assessed cormnuc to a-under the Commissioners of any other Department.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of this Act, so far as the same relates to Commissioners the Duties hereby granted on Pensions or Stipends payable by His Majesty, contained in Schedule (E.) and f>r »aihng the for the ordering raffing levying and paying of the several Sums of Money hereby made payable thereon, the pg11^00 principal Officers in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, and the Remembrancer Auditor ^en lons* Receivers, and Clerks of the Pipe in the Exchequer in Scotland, or their respective Deputies, shall be Commissioners for executing this Act, and all the Powers herein contained, in relation to the said last mentioned Duties, or shall respectively appoint Commissioners from and amongst the Officers of those Departments for such Purposes.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Person acting as a Commissioner as aforesaid in the Commissioners Execution of this Act, shall on Request be entitled unto a Certificate thereof under the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, which Certificate shall continue in force so long as such Certificate* from Person shall continue to act as such Commissioner, but the same shall be and is hereby revoked on such Person the Tax Office, ccafing to act as such Commissioner 5 and such Certificate shall be revocable by the Commissioners for the Time which shall being of His Majesty's Treasury, when it shall appear to them that such Person hath neglected to perform hisxemPr them Duty as such Commissioner, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands or the Hands of any Three or more of them 5 and the Person to whom such Certificate hath been granted shall, during the Continuance of office*, this Act, or until Revocation thereof as aforesaid, be discharged of and from all and all Manner of Parish and Ward Offices within the Parish or Ward wherein such Penon dwelleth, and from serving on Juries in the County wherein such Person dwelleth, which said Certificate shall be enrolled by the Clerk of the Peace of the County x>r City in which the same shall be granted, for which Enrolment the said Clerk of the Peace shall have for his Fee the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall cause every Certificate revoked in Manner aforesaid to be taken off the Roll on Notice thereof to be given to him by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so- General Purposes as aforesaid, may Commissioners appoint Assessors and Collectors for such of the said several Duties as shall be assessed by the said Commissioners appoint respectively, in like Manner as Assessors and Collectors may be appointed under the said recited Acts respectively; CouSo and where they shall appoint the same Persons to be Assessors and Collectors of the said Duties as shall have ° c °rs* been appointed to execute the said recited Acts respectively, they shall cause Notice to be given to them that they are also appointed Assessors or Collectors of the said Duties so assessed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several and respective Commissioners Commissionerie acting in the Execution of this Act, for the Time being, or any Two or more of them respectively, and they under this Act are hereby required, to cause the said several and respective Duties granted by the said recited Acts, which .iy charge at any Time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, shall not have been charged Du-'c* f'iV within the Year for which the said Duties ought to be charged, or which having been charged shall then be f rmcl Year$* in arrear and unsatisfied, to be charged raised assessed reaffefled levied ascertained collected and accounted for as fully and effectually as any Commissioners appointed by the said recited Acts might have' done in that Behalf, and as if the said Duties had severally accrued or been charged after the passing of this Act; and the said Assessors and Collectors and others acting in the Execution of this Act under the said respective Commissioners, and the several Receivers and other Officers appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said Acts and acting under this Act, shall respectively assess reaffefs levy receive and answer the said several Duties and Arrears of Duties by the same Ways and Means, and in the same Manner, and under the like Penalties as are directed or appointed by this Act with respect to the Duties to accrue and to be charged after the passing of this Act 5 and the Monies so received by the said Collectors or others for any such Duties or Arrears, shall be paid and accounted for in like Manner.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inspectors and Surveyors appointed or to he appointed for lafp^ors and the Duties on Houses and Windows and other Tales charged by Assessment, shall be Inspectors and Surveyors Surveyor* of of the aforesaid several Duties; and the said respective Commissioners for General Purposes as aforesaid, or Endows ^hnJI any Two or more of them, and the said respective additional Commissioners acting in the Execution of this in Exrc, tj0a Act, or any Two or more of them, and the said Assessors and Collectors to be appointed as herein mentioned, 0t this Act. and the said Inspectors and Surveyors, shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, to do ail Things necessary for putting this Act in execution with relation to the said several Duties, in the like and q£c'^U in as full and ample a Manner as any Commissioners Assessors Collectors Surveyors or Inspectors, or any of Jh in l.av^th* them, are or is authorized to put m Execution the said recited Acts, or any Matters or Things therein like Power* a* contained, as well with respect to all Acts Matters and Things to be done by or under or before the said under Acts for respective Additional Commissioners, or by under or before the respective Commissioners for General Purposes Assessed Taxes, as aforesaid in their respective Districts or Departments, as by under and before the Commissioners hereby authorized to be appointed for Special Purposes as herein after mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed a Commissioner or Commissionfrs, additional Commissioner or an Assessor Collector Inipeftor or Surveyor in the Execution of the Powers of this Aflo/Tors, &c. Act, and every Person to be appointed a Clerk or Clerk's Assistant to the said respective Commissioners, before JhaUtake the he shall begin to act therein, lo far as the same relates to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.), shall take ?c^uJ"/p\ the Oath and Oaths, or being of the People called Quakers the solemn Affirmation or Affirmations, prescribed " 218.)

by this Act, and contained the Schedule marked (F.) hereunto annexed, applicable to such Officers

respectively.

Fcn?lty on acting without 't.iking Oath, 100 I.

Clerk and Ckrk All'll ant dial) act under Commissioners.

Only One ^Assistant.

Penally on Clerks, &c. for Neglect, 100 1.

Temporary Rhlrntees shall fee charged as R Jideuts.

See §54.

Temporary

Residents ih ill rot be charged to Duties in S' hedule (D.), until after Six

Months

Residence.'

Persons returning to Great Britain before 5th April after Exemption claimed shall be charged. Corporation* shall be charged with Duties rhiough their 0$cerj.

Trustees and Guardians shall fee charged to the Duties on account of infants, &c.

and Receivers, for Persons not jeliding in Great Britain.

C. 6; , 46' GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

respectively, which Oiith or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations, any one of the i Persons appointed a Commissioner, either for General Purposes as aforesaid, or an additional Commissioner, i9 hereby authorized to administer (except that every such Oath or Affirmation so to be administered to any Commissioner for General Purposes as aforesaid, or to an additional Commissioner, shall be administered by a Commissioner for such General Purposes, and not othenviso) and which Oath or Affirmation so taken, mall be subscribed by the Party taking the fame; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner in relation to the Duties in Schedule (D.) except in admiuiftering the Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations herein mentioned, or as a Clerk or Clerk's Assistant or an Assessor Collector Inspector or Surveyor, before he shall have taken the Oath or Oaths or Aftirmation or Affirmations herein required to be taken by such Officers respectively, he shall for every such O(fence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; provided, that the Appointment

a Clerk, and any Assistant or Assistants to such Clerk, whenever the same shall be necessary, shall be vested in the Commissioners for General Purposes, and such Clerks and Assistants shall act as such as well in all Matters and Things to be done by under and before the respective Commissioners for General Purposes, a*s by under and before the respective additional Commissioners in the respective Districts; provided, that no more than one Clerk Assistant shall be appointed for any District without the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes on a Statement made to them by the Commissioners for General Purposes, dating the Necessity thereof in consideration of the Extent or Population of the District; and if any Ckrk tjrCferk*sAssistant appointed under the Authority of this Act, who shall have taken the Oath required by this Act, shall wilfully obstruct or delay the Execution of this Act, or shall negligently conduct or Wilfully misconduct himself in the .Execution of this Act, every such Clerk or Clerk's Assistant shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be dismissed from the said Office, and be rendered incapable of again acting as Clerk or Clerk's Assistant in the Execution of this Act or any other Act for granting Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

L. And be it further enacted, That any Subject of His Majesty, whose ordinary Residence shall have been in Great Britain, and who shall have departed from Great Britain and gone into any Parts beyond the Seas, for the Purpose only of occasional Residence, at the Time of the Execution of this Act, shall be deemed, notwithstanding such temporary Absence, a Person chargeable to the Duties mentioned in this Act, as a Person actually residing in Great Britain, and shall be assessed and charged accordingly (in Manner herein after directed*) upon the whole Amount of his or her Profits or Gains, whether the same shall arise from Property sn Great Britain or elsewhere, or from any Allowance Annuities or Stipends (except as herein is excepted) or from any Profession Employment Trade or Vocation in Great Britain or elsewhere.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall on or after the passing of this Act, actually be in Great Britain for some temporary Purpose only, and not with any View or Intent of establishing his or her Residence therein, and who shall not actually have resided in Great Britain for the Period of Six successive Calendar Months, shall be charged with the said Duties mentioned to be charged in Schedule (D)as a Person residing in Great Britain, in respect of the Profits or Gains received from or out of any Possessions in Ireland, or any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or any Foreign Possessions, or from Securities in Ireland\ or any other of His Majesty's Dominions or Foreign Securities, but nevertheless every such Person shall after such Six Months Residence therein he chargeable for the same from the Commencement of the Year, in case such Person shall have been then resident in Great Britain, or if not so resident, then from the Period of his or her having come into Great Britain.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall depart from Great Britain after claiming such Exemption, and shall again return to Great Britain before the Fifth Day of April next after such Claim made, shall be chargeable to the said Duties as a Person residing in Great Britain, for the Whole of the Year in which such Claim shall have been made.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politick Corporate or Collegiate, Companies Fraternities Fellowships or Societies of Persons whether Corporate or not Corporate, shall be chargeable with such and the like Duties as any Person or Persons will under and by virtue of this Act be chargeable with, and that the Chamberlain or other Officers acting as Treasurer Auditor or Receiver for the Time being of every such Corporation Company Fraternity Fellowship or Society, shall be answerable for doing all such Acts Matters and Things as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the assessing such Bodies Corporations Companies Fraternities Fellowships or Societies to the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the same.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians Tutor or Tutors Curator or Curators Committee or Committees, of any Person or Persons being Infants or married Women Lunatics Idiots or insane, and having the Direction Controul or Management of the Property or Concern of such Infants married Women Lunatics Idiots or insane Persons, whether such Infants married Women Lunatics Idiots or insane Persons shall relide in Great Britain or not, shall be chargeable to the said Duties in like Manner as and to the Dame Amount as would be charged if such Infants were of full Age, or such married Women were foie, or such Lunatics Idiots or insane Persons were capable to act for themselves; and any Person or Persons not resident in Great Britain, whether Subjects of His Majesty or not, shall be chargeable, in the Name or Names of such Trustee or Trustees Guardian or Guardians Tutor or Tutors Curator or Curators Committee or Committees, or of any Agent or Agents or Receiver or Receivers having the Receipt of any Profits or Gains arising as herein mentioned and belonging to such Person or Persons, in the like Manner, and to the like Amount, as would be charged if such Persons were resident in Great Britain, and in the actual Receipt thereof; and every such Trustee Guardian Tutor Curator Committee Agent or Receiver shall be answerable for the doing all such Acts Matters and Things as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in .order to the assessing such Persons to the Duties granted by this Act and paying the same.

j6 LV. And

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 65. 689

LV. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver or Receivers appointed by the Court of Chancery, or Receivers shall by any other Court in Great Britain, having the Direction and Controul of any Property in respect whereof a charged for Duty is charged as herein mentioned, whether the Title to such Property shall be uncertain or not, or subject i(hc to any Contingency or not, or be depending or be not ascertained by reason of any Dispute or other Cause, Chancery, &c. shall be chargeable to the said Duties in like Manner, and to the like Amount, as would be charged if the said Property wa3 not under the Direction and Controul of such Court, and the Title thereto was certain, and not lubjcdl to any Contingency whatever; and every such Receiver shall be answerable for doing all such Matters and Things as shall be required to be done by virtue of this Act, in order to the assessing the Duties granted by this Act and paying the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That any married Woman acting as a foie Trader by the Custom of any How married City or Place or otherwise, or having or being entitled to any Property or Profits to her foie or separate Use, shall be chargeable to such and the like Duties, and in like Manner, except as herein after is mentioned, as if she was actually foie and unmarried: Provided always, that the Profits of any married Woman living with her absent from Husband shall be deemed the Profits of the Husband, and the same shall be charged in the Name of the their Husbands, Husband, and not in her Name, or of her Trustee or Trustee*: Provided also, that any married Woman livinghall be charged., in Great Britain separate from her Husband, whether such Husband shall be temporarily absent from her or from Great Britain, or otherwise, who shall receive any Allowance or Remittance from Property out of Great Britain, shall be charged as a Feme Sole, if entitled thereto in her own Right, and as the Agent of the Husband if she receives the same from or through him, or from his Property or on nis Credit.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Trustee who shall have authorized the Receipt Tmfteei of of the Profits arising from Trull Property by the Person or Persons entitled thereunto, or by his her or their respective Agent or Agents, and which Person or Persons shall actually receive the same under such. Authority, Great Britain*nor any Agent or Receiver of any Person or Persons being of full Age, and resident in Great Britain (other may deliver than married Women Lunatics Idiots and insane Persons) who shall return a List in the Manner herein after Name* and required of the Names and Residences of such Persons, shall be required to do any other Act for the Purpose Residence# of assessing such Persons, unless the Commi(Turners, acting in the Execution of this Act in respect of the Assessment to be made on such Persons, shall require the Testimony of such Trustees Agents or Receivers in pursuance of the Directions herein after given.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person, being Trustee Agent or Receiver Guardian Tutor Curator* or Committee of or for any Person or Persons, shall be assessed as herein after mentioned, in Corporation* respect of such Person or Persons; or where any Chamberlain Treasurer or other Officer of any Corporation may retain the Company Fraternity or Society shall be so assessed, in respect of such Corporation Company Fraternity or Society Durie* out of as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for every Person or Persons who shall be so assessed, Trust tt^perty. by and out of the Money which shall come to his or her Hands, as such Trustee Agent or Receiver Guardian Tutor Committee or Curator as aforesaid, or as such Chamberlain Treasurer Clerk or other Officer, to retain so -much and such Part thereof from Time to Time as shall be sufficient to pay such Assessment; and every such 'I'rustee Agent or Receiver Guardian Tutor Committee or Curator Chamberlain Treasurer Clerk or other Officer shall be and they are hereby respectively indemnified, against all and every Person and Persons Corporations Companies Fraternities or Societies whatsoever, for all Payments which they shall respectively make in pursuance and by virtue of this dl.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That for the ordering raising and levying the said Duties, the respective For levying Commissioners for General Purposes shall, at the first Meeting to be held under this Act, or at a Meeting to he appointed for that Purpose, or any Two of them present at such Meeting, direct their Precept or Precepts fl^n summw to such Person and Persons as the said Commissioners shall have appointed AffeiTor or Assessors for the Execution A fie (Tor*, of this Act 5 or in caic no such Appointment shall have been made, then to the AsseiTor or Assessors for the adnainifler tho Land Tax the Duties on Houses and Windows or any other Duties chared by Assessment in their respective Oath to0* Districts, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; .An and shall at inch their Appearance administer to them the Oath required to be taken by this Act, and issue to Warrants and them their Warrants of Appointments as Assessors in the Execution of this Act, signed by Two or more of Instructions. them, and such Instruction duly filled up, as shall be necessary for carrying this Act into Execution.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors to be appointed to execute this Act, shall, within the Time and in the Manner directed by the Precept of the Commissioners for General Purposes, cause general on

Notices to be affixed on the Door of the Church or Chapel, and Market House or Cross (if any) of the City Church Doon, 'Town Parish or Place for which such Assessors act 5 and if such City Town Parish or Place shall not have a requiring Church or Chapel or Market House or Cross then on the nearest Church or Chapel to such City Town Parish Person* to or Place, requiring all Persons, w ho are by this Act required to make out and deliver any List Declaration or dcl'vcr Statement, to make out and deliver to the respective Assessors or Commissioners, or to their Clerk, at their respective Offices to be described in such Notice, and as therein directed, all such Lifts Declarations and Statements accordingly, within such Time as shall be limited by such Precept, and which shall not in any Case be later than Twenty-one Days from the Date of such Precept 5 and such general Notices shall, when the Such general same shall be affixed as aforesaid, be de med sufficient Notice to all Persons resident in such City Town Parish Notice sufficient, or Place, and the affixing the same in Manner aforesaid shall be deemed good Service of such Notice; and the said respective Assessors mall cause the f .id Notices to be from Time to Time replaced, if necessary, for the Space of Ten Days before the Time required for the Delivery of such Lifts Declarations and Statements as Penat y o* aforesaid; and every erson wilfully tearing defacing or obliterating any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for defacing Lifts* every such Offenc ? any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pound*, 20

46 Geo. III. 4T LXI, Provided

6 go C. 65.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

A<T (Tors Hi-ill deliver Notices jrt the Houses of I'ersons ch.«rgeible, who shall deliver Statements; or on Neglectt.

Hi : »1I be lumm.med by Commissioners for the Penalty.

(See §69 )

Lists and Statements shall be deliveicd to

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Assessors shall, within the like Time after receiving the Precept of the Commissioners under this Act, give Notice to every Person chargeable to the said Duties in respect of any Property or Profits situate or arising within the Limits of the said Places where such Assessors shall act, or leave the same at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Residence, or on the Premises to be charged by such Assessment, within such Limits, requiring every such Person to prepare and deliver ia Manner herein after directed, all such Lids Declarations and Statements as they are respectively required to da by this Act, within such Time as shall be limited by such Precept; and if any Person residing within any Parish or Place at the Time such general Notice as aforesaid shall be given, or to whom such Notice shall be personally given, or at whose Dwelling House or Place of Residence the same shall be left, or if any Person occupying any Property or engaged in any Concern within such Limits, on whom such Notice shall be served in Manner aforesaid or for whom such Notice shall be left on the Premises to be charged as aforesaid, shall after Notice thereof, refuse or neglect to make out such Lifts Declarations or Statements, as may be applicable to such Person, and as the Case may require, and deliver the same in Manner herein after directed, within the

Time limited in such Notice, then such Commissioners shall forthwith issue a Summons under their Hands, or the Hands of any Two or more of them, to all such Persons making Default as aforesaid, in order that the Penalty for such Refusal or Neglect may be duly levied; and the said Commissioners shall moreover proceed to assess, or cause to be assessed, every Person making such Default in the Manner herein directed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every such L1st Declaration or Statement of the Profits, to be charged as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Assessor or Assessors of the same Parish or lace, or One of them; except Statements containing the Amount of Profits to be charged under Schedule (D.) as aforesaid, in such Cases where the Commissioners adding for such Parish or Place shall have caused to be infected in the Notice that ^rficeVoT to an Office is opened for the Receipt of Statements of Profits and a proper Person appointed to receive the

tU Purpose. same and the Time and Place of Attendance; in which Cases the Delivery of such Statements to be charged

under Schedule (D.) shall be made at such Office to the Person there appointed and not elsewhere; and if any Dispute shall arise whether any Statement of Profits hath been delivered into such Office, no other Pr«of thereof shall be admitted than the Producton of a Receipt under the Hand of the proper Person to whom the same ought to have been delivered, and such Person is hereby required to give such Receipt accordingly gratis, and on undamped Paper.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, when required so to do by any Notice given in pursuance of this Act, shall, within the Period to be mentioned in such Notice, prepare and deliver to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Person shall relide, a List in Writing, containing, to the best of his or her Belief, the proper Name and Names of every Lodger or Inmate resident in his her or their and of their Ser- Dwelling House, and of other Persons chiefly employed in his or their Service whether resident in such Dwelling yams, whether House or not, and the Place of Residence of such of them as are not resident in such Dwelling House, and also of any such Lodger or Inmate who shall have any ordinary Place of Residence elsewhere, at which he or she is entitled, under the Regulations of this Act, to be afiefled, who shall be desirous of being so assessed at such Place of ordinary Residence; which Lifts shall be signed by the respective Parties delivering the fame, and shall severally be made out in such Form as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person required by this Act to deliver a List of Lodgers Inmates or other Persons aforesaid, shall be liable to the Penalties herein after mentioned, or either of them, for any Omission of the Name or Residence of any Person in his or her Service or Employ and not resident in his or her Dwelling House, if it shall appear to the Commissioners for executing this Act on Enquiry before them that such Person is entitled to be exempted from the Payment of all and every the Duties granted as before mentioned.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be in the Receipt of any Money or Value or the Profits or Gains arising from c.ny the Sources mentioned in this Act, of or belonging to any other Person

__________ or Persons, in whatever Character the same shall be received, for which such other Person or Persons is or are

Duty being duly chargeable under the Regulations of this Act, shall, within the like Period, prepare and deliver in Manner before cha»ged, on the directed a List in Writing in such Form as aforesaid signed by him or her, containing the Name and Names and Place or Places of Abode of each and every Person to whom any such Property shall belong, together with a Declaration whether such Person is of full Age, or a married Woman living with her Husband or resident in Great Britain, or an Infant Idiot Lunntick or insane Person, or a married Woman for whose Payment of the Duty hereby charged on her the Iiu(band is not accountable by thi^Act, in order that such Person, according to a Statement to be delivered as herein mentioned, may be charged either in the Name of the Person delivering such Lift, if the same shall be so chargeable, or in the Name of the Person or Persons to whom such Property shall belong, if of full Age and resident in Great Britain, and the same be so chargeable by this Act; and every Person acting in such Charncler, jointly with any other Person or Persons, shall deliver a List of the Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode, of t he Person or Persons joined with him or her at the Time of delivering such Lift, and to the same Persons to whom such Lift shall be delivered.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person chargeable under this Act shall, when required so to do, whether by any general or particular Notice given in pursuance of this Act, within the Period to be mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid, prepare and deliver to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, a Statement or Statements in Writing in such Form as this Profit«/(cxciufive Act requires, signed by him or her, containing the annual Value of all Lands and Tenements in his or her oflnfen.it Occupation, whether the same be situate in One or more Parish or Parishes, and the Amount of the Profits or received on Gains arising to such Person or Persons respectively, from all aid every the Sources charged as aforesaid.

Persons shall deliver in Lists of the Names of

their Lodgers

and Inmates,

Inmates or not.

Proviso as to Servants not Inmates, and being exempted from Duty.

Persons afiing for othcis, shall deliver Lifts,

In order to the

Parlies liable.

[ *J6.]

Trustees. &c.

fhailft ueNamcs, &c. of 11 cir Co-Trustees.

Statements shall be delivcied of the annuaiVuluc of Piopeiry and Am'ni'its of

Msjulj len: , &c.)

according

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 65. 691

according to the respective Schedules herein mentioned, which Amount Hi all he edimatedfor the Period, and according to the respective Hules contained in the respective Schedules of this Act; to which Statement or Statements shall be added a Declaration, that the same is or are estimated on n'l the Sources contained in the said several Schedules describing the fame, after setting against or ded lifting from such Profits or G uns such Sum3 and no other as are allowed by this Act; and every such Statement shall be made exclusive of the Profits and Gains accrued or accruing from Interest of Money, or other annual Payment anting out of the Property of any other Person or Persons, for which such other Person or Persons ought to he charged by virtue of this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall act in any Character as aforesaid for any other Person or Persons, who by reason of any such Incapacity as aforesaid, cannot be charged by virtue of this Act, shall also, within the like Period, deliver to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same under this Act, and to whom the same ought to be delivered, and in the same district in which such Person or Persons ought to be charged on hi^or their own Account, a Statement in Writing ligned by him her or them, and to be made in such Form as before directed, of the Amount of the Profits and Gains to be charged on him her or them, on Account of such other Person or Persons, estimatod during the Period, a id according to the Rules contained in the said respective Schedules, together with such Declaration of the Manner of estimating the same as aforesaid: Provided always, that where Two or more such Persons shall he liable to he charged for the same Person or Persons, One Return only shall be required; and such Return shall be made by them jointly, or by One or more of them on Behalf of him her or themselves and the rest of the Persons so liable; and it shall be lawful for them, or any of them, to give Notice in Writing, to the Commissioners acting in each District where they or any of them shall he called upon for such Statement, in what Parish or Place or Parishes or Places, they are respectively chargeable by this Act on their or his or her own Account, and in which of the said Parishes or Places they are desirous of being so charged on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons for whom they so aft in any of the Characters before mentioned, and they shall he assessed accordingly by One Assessment in such Parish or Place; provided any One of such Persons shall be liable to be charged on his or her own Account in such Patish or Place; and it more than One Asseftmerit shall be made on such Persons or my of them on the same Account, they and every of them shall be relieved from such double Assessment by like Applications to the Commissioners as are allowed in other Cases by this Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Officer before described of any Body Corporation Fraternity Fellowship Company or Society, shall also, within the like Period, prepare and deliver in like Manner a Statement of the Profits and Gains to be charged On such Body Corporation Fraternity Fellowship Company or Society, computed according to the Directions of this Act, together with such Declaration of the Manner of estimating the same as aforesaid 5 and such Estimate shall be made on the Amount of the annual Profits and Gains of such Body Corporation Fraternity Fellowship Company or Society before any Dividend shall have been made thereof to any other Person or Persons, Corporations or Companies, having any Share Right or Title in or to such Profits or Gains; and all such other Person or Persons and Corporations or Companies shall allow out of such Dividends a proportionate Deduction in respect of the Duty so charged; provided that nothing herein-before contained shall be construed to require in such Statement the Inclusion of Salaries Wages or Profits of any Officer of such Corporation Fraternity Fellowship Company or Society, otherwise chargeable under this Act: Provided also, that the Statements of the several Companies of the East India and South Sea shall be made exclusive of the Dividends and the Profits attached thereto, and to be divided amongst the Proprietors of the respective Stocks belonging to such Companies; but the Statement of the East India Company shall include the Interest payable on any Bonds granted by the said Company, which shall become due after the Thirtieth Day* of September One thousand eight hundred and six.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought by this Act to deliver any List Declaration or Statena nt as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do within the Time limited in such Notice, or under any Pretence shall wilfully delay the Delivery thereof, and if Information thereof shall be given and the Proceedings thereupon shall be had before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and Double the Duty at which such Persons ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, such Penalty to be recovered as any Penalty contained in this Act is by Law recoverable, and the increased Duty to be added to the Assessment; but nevertheless subject to such Stay of Prosecution or other Proceedings, by a subsequent; Delivery of such L1st Declaration or Statement in the Case following; videlicet, if any Trutlee, Agent, or Receiver, or other Person hereby required to deliver such L1st Declaration or Statement, on Behalf of any other Person or Persons, shall deliver an imperfect L1st Declaration or Statement, declaring him or herself unable to give a more perfect L1st Declaration or Statement, with the Reasons for such Inability, and the said Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, the said Trustee Agent or Receiver or other Person as aforesaid, shall not be liable to such Penalty in case the Commissioners shall grant further Time for the Delivery thereof; and such Trustee Agent Receiver or other Person shall within the Time so granted, deliver a List Declaration or Schedule as perfect as the Nature of the Case will enable him or her to prepare and deliver: And every Person who shall be prosecuted for such Offence by Action or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts, and who shall not have been assessed in Double the Duty as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person to or on whom the Assessor or Assessors shall have not delivered or served a particular Notice as aforesaid shall be liable to the Penalties before mentioned, or ei'her of them, for not delivering such Statement as before required', if it shall appear to the Commissioners for executing this Act, on Inquiry before them or any Two or more of them, that such Person is entitled to be exempted from the Payment of all and very the Duties granted as before mentioned.

4 T 2 LXXI. And

115, 116., Truste'-$ '*

inCc»; j..or t»e: >ns tr ' deliver Suieuiciir.

One Statement o 1I7 requisite from joint Trustees.

Relief to Tiuf-teis on double A fie time nt*.

[See §. 1S6.J

Offie rs of Corporal join shall deliver Statement*, and lo he charged for them.

How Estimate* shall be made.

East India and South Sea Companies

Penalty on Persons neglecting to deliver Lilts, 20l. and double Duty, 01 Information before

Comm i (Turners.

Proviso in favour of Trustees, &c.

Penalty on

loiui nntion in Courts 50l.

Persons exempt from Duties not liable r »H. nMtiea without Notice.

G.

AfiTeflors shall m*ke out a List of Noticcsferved. §60, 6l.]

New or additional Notices may be served.

Assessors shall

vetify the Delivery of Notice* mnd the affixing.of General Notices.

[Stt §60, 61.]

Penalty on AtiTessor for Neglect aoi.

Abstra&sftiallbe wide of Returns of Statements delivered to Commissioner*, in Book?, to whichlnspectors, &c. may have Acccft.

Hulei for aflefifing Duties in Schedule (A.1), $cc. deemed Pail of this Act.

Annual Value shall be ascertained by this Rule, except as "after dated.

Tythes of Lay

lao propria tot s 'm Kind* Payments in lieu of such Tythet.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessor or Assessors shall make out an Alphabetical Lift, and deliver the same to the Inspector or Surveyor of the District, containing the Names of all Persons to or on whom such Notices have been delivered or served in pursuance of this A<£1, and the Names of all Persons having Property or Profits chargeable under this Act within the Limits of such Assessor or Assessors, distinguishing the Persons who have duly made their Returns, and the Persons who have omitted to make such Returns, and also the Persons who shall -have been returned as Lodgers or Inmates within such Limits, cr as chargeable within such Limits, but having a Rendeucc out of the Limits of such Assessor or Assessors 5 and if such Assessor or Assessors shall have neglected to give Notice to any Person to whom the same ought to be delivered, the said Inspector or Surveyor may at any Time afterwards cause such Notices to be delivered to or served on such Persons by such Assessors respectively, and may also from Time to Time cause the like Notices to be delivered to or served on any Person or Persons coming to reflde in auy Parish or Place after the Expiration of such Notices.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors, or One of them, for every Parish or Place, shall personally appear before the Lid Commissioners at their First Meeting, or such other Meetings as such Assessors shall be appointed to attend, and shall then and there make Oath or solemn Affirmation before them, that the several Notices required to be delivered to Househclders and Occupiers, and also to Lodgers and Inmates by this Act, have been duly served in the Manner required thereby, to the heft of his or their Knowledge, and that general Notices to the Effect mentioned in this Act have been duly affixed in the Manner required by this Act, on such proper Places within the City Town or Place for which such Assessor shall act, as by this Act is required, and that the Lift delivered by him to the Inspector or Surveyor contains the Name of every Person to or on whom such Notices ought to be delivered or served according to the Directions of this Act, within the Knowledge of such Assessor; and every Assessor who shall neglect to appear before such Commissioners, and to make such Oath or Affirmation, or who shall not have returned to such Inspector or Surveyor the Name or Names of any Person or Persons whose Name ought to be included in any such Lift as by this A £1 is required, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the said respective Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed, abstract the Returns of Statements delivered to such Commissioners by the Assessors, or at their Office by the respective Parties, into Books to be provided for that Pur ofe, and according to such Forms as shall be transmitted to them from the Office of Taxes, such Abstracts to contain the Names of Persons making such Returns, arranged alphabetically according to the Wards Parishes and Places in which they shall relide, and the several Amounts of Profits returned by them respectively, to be laid before and delivered to the said Commissioners; and all such Returns shall be numbered and filed in the Office of the said Commissioners, and carefully kept so long as the Accounts of the said Duties for such District, or any Part thereof, shall remain unpaid to His Majesty 5 to all which Book and Books, any Inspector or Surveyor who shall have taken the Oath herein prefenbed before the Commissioners acting for the same Districts respectively, shall have free Access at all seasonable Times, and shall take such Copies thereof, or of such Parts thereof, or Extracts from the same* as he shall deem necessary in order to the due Execution of this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted, including the Duties contained in the Schedule marked (A.) as herein recited, and the said additional Dqties, shall be assessed and charged in one Sum, under the following Rules, which Rules shall be deemed and conllrued to be a Part of this Act, and to refer to the said Duties as if the same had been inserted under a special Enactment.

Schedule (A.)

No. I. General Rule for estimating Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, mentioned in Schedule (A.) of the said recited Act.

The annual Value of Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages charged under Schedule (A.) shall be understood to be the Rent by the Year at which the same are let at Rack Rent, if the Amount of such Rent shall have been fixed by Agreement, commencing within the Period of Seven Ye?rs preceding the Fifth Day of Slprtl next before the Time of making the Assessment; but if the same are not so let at Rack Rent, thcti at the Rack Rent at which the same are worth to be let by the Year; which Rule shall be conllrued to extend to all Lands Tenements and Hereditaments or Heritages capable of actual Occupation of whatever Nature and for whatever Purpose occupied or enjoyed, and 01 whatever Value except the Properties mentioned in No. II. and No. III. of this Schedule.

No. II. Rules for estimating the Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages herein mentioned, which are not to be charged according to the preceding General Rule.

The annual Value of all the Properties herein after described shall be understood to be the full Amount for One Year, or the Average Amount for One Year of the Profits received therefrom, within the respective Times herein limited:

First. — Of all Tythes belonging to any Lay Impropriator, if taken in Kind, on an Average of Three preceding Years:

Second. — Of all Dues, and Money Payments in lieu of any Tythes (not being Tythes arising from Lands) belonging to any Lay Impropriator on the like Average;

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 65. 693

Third.- — Of all Tythes (arising from Lands) if compounded for, and of all Rents and other Money Payments Compositioni in lieu of Tythes (arising from Lands, belonging to any Lay Impropriator as aforesaid) on the Amount of ^or such Tythe* such Composition Rent or Payment for One Year preceding: on

The said Duty in each Case to be charged on the Lay Impropriator his Lessee or Tenant entitled to such Tythes or Payments, or his or their Agent or Factor, except in the Cases mentioned in the Fourth Rale of No. IV. of Schedule (A.) -.

Fourth. — Of Manors and other Royalties, including all Dues and other Services, or other casual Profits (not Minors, being Rents or ether annual Payments reserved or charged) on an Average of Seven preceding Years, to be charged on the Lord or Lady or such Manor or Royalty or Person renting the same:

Fifth — Of Fines received in consideration of a Demise or Demises of Lands or Tenements (not being Parcel fine*, of a Manor or Royalty demifable by the Custom thereof) on the Amount so received, within the Year preceding, by or on Account of the Party or Parties 5 provided, that in case the said Party or Parties shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commissionertf for General Purposes in the District, that such Fines or any Part thereof have been applied as productive Capital, onjvhich a Profit has arisen or wiU arise otherwise chargeable under this Act for the Year in which the Assessment shall be made, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to discharge the Amount so applied, from the Profits liable to Assessment under this Rule:

Sixth. — Of all other Profits arising from Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages not in the actual Other Profit* Possession or Occupation of the Party to be charged, and not before enumerated, on a fair and just Average from Lands, of such Number of Years, as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Ack shall on the Statement of the Party to be charged judge proper (except such Profits as may be liable to Deduction in pursuance of the Ninth or Tenth Rules in Number IV. herein after mentioned) to be charged on the Receivers of such Profits or Persons entitled thereto.

No. III. Rules forestimating the Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages herein after mentioned, which are not to be charged according to the preceding General Rule.

The Annual Value of all the Properties herein after described shall be understood to be the full Amount for One Year, or the Average Amount for One Year, of the Profits received therefrom within the respective Times herfein limited.

First — Of all Tythes belonging to any Ecclesiastical Person in Right of his Church or by Endowment, if taken in fond, on an Average of Three preceding Years:

Second — Of all Dues and Money Payments in Right of the Church or by Endowment, or in lieu of any Tythes (not being Tythes arising from any Lands) and on all Teinds in Scotland, belonging to any Ecclesiastical Person as aforesaid, on the like Average:

Third. — Of all Tythes (arising from Lands) if compounded for, and of all Rents and other Money Payments in lieu of Tythes (arising from Lands) belonging to any Ecclesiastical Person as aforesaid, on the Amount of such Composition Rent or Payment for One Year preceding:

The said Duty in each Case to be charged on the Ecclesiastical Person his Lessee or Tenant entitled to such Tythes or Payments, or his or their Agent or Factor, except in the Cases mentioned in the 4th Rule No. IV. of Schedule (A.) :

Fourth. — Of Quarries of Stone Slate Limestone or Chalk, on the Amount of Profits in the preceding Year: Fifth. — Of Mines of Coal Tin Lead Copper Mundic Iron and other Mines, on an Average of Five Years, subject to the Provisions concerning Mines contained in this Act:

Sixth. — Of Iron Works, Salt Springs or Works, Alum Mines or Works, Waterworks Streams of Water Canals Inland Navigations Docks Drains and Levels Fishings Rights of Markets and Fairs Tolls Ways Bridges Ferries and other Concerns of the like Nature from or arising out of any Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, on the Profit8 of the Year preceding:

The Duty in each of the Three last Rules to be charged on the Person or Persons Corporations Companies or Societies of Persons whether Corporate or not Corporate carrying on the Concern, or on their respective Agents Treasurers or other Officers having the Direct ion or Management thereof, or being in the Receipt of the Profits thereof, on the Amount of the Produce or Value thereof, and before paying rendering or distributing the Produce or the Value, either between the different Persons or Members of the Corporation Company or Society engaged in the Concern, or to the Owner or Owners of the Soil or Property, or to any Creditor or other Person whatever having a Claim on or out of the said Profits, and all such Persons Corporations Companies or Societies, shall allow out of such Produce or Value a proportionate Deduction out of the Duty so charged, and the said Charge shall be made on the said Profits exclusively of any Lands used or occupied in or about the Concern:

The Computation of Duty arising in respect of any such Mine carried on by a Company of Adventurers shall be made and flated jointly in one Sum, provided, that if any Adventurer shall declare his Proportion or Share in such Concern in order to a separate Assessment, it shall be lawful to charge such Adventurer separately, and nothing herein-contained shall be construed to restrain any Adventurer so separately assessed from deducing or setting against his Profits acquired in one or more of such Concerns, his Loss sustained in any other of the said Concerns over and above the Profits thereof, provided that such Loss shall not exceed the Proportion of such Adventurer which shall have been duly proved by the Company in their Computation of Duty, and shall have been allowed by the respective Commissioners, and in every such Case, one Assessment only shall be made on the Balance of such Profit and Lofr, of the Adventurer so separating his Account in the Parish or Place where such Adventurer shall be chargeable to the greatcit Amount, and the Amount of each Performs Share so

Tythes to Eccle-futlics, in Kind.

Payment in lieu of such Tythes.

Composition for such Tythes on Land.

Quarries.

Mines.

Iron Walks, &c<

A.D. 18.o$

To he charged in the Parish.

' Except Canal* and Road*.

Manors*

' Lands in the f.i me Occupation shall be charged according to the 'Parishes.

T.»nd« under the ifameLeafcindif-Itieui i^rilhe* may be charged in either.

Houses under lol. charged on Landlords.

Tythes may be charged on Occupiers of i Land.

Mines failing,

ei failed.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III.

proved and allowed shall be deduct/'d from toe general Assessment of tUe'Corrfpnrty or Companies to which such Adventurer shall belong, and tile respective Commissioners shall cause the ^vffeffments on the said Companies to be rectified as the Case may require; and the Certificate of the Commissioners making such separate Assessment shall be aa Authority to the Commissioners acting in another District to cause the Assessments on the respective Companies to which such Assessment shall belong to be rectified: and in case such Loss shall arise in a different District than \vhere such separate Assessment shall be to be made, a Certificate of thfc Amount of such Loss and the Proportion of such Adventurer therein shall be Proof of the Deduction to be made by the Commissioners making such Assessment.

No. IV. Rules and Regulations respecting the said Duties.

First. — All Properties chargeable to the Duties in Schedule (A.) shall be charged in the Parish or Place where the same are situate, and not elsewhere, except as herein after is excepted:

Provided, That the Profits arising from Canals Inland Navigations Streams of Water Drains or Levels, or from any Roads or Ways of a publick Nature, and belonging to or veiled in any Company of Proprietors or Trustees whether Corporate or not Corporate, may be stated in one Account, and charged in the City Town or Place, at orneareft to the Place where the General Accounts of such Concern shall have been usually made up; and it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors or Trustees, having paid the Duties so chargeable, either to deduct a just Proportion thereof from the Interest payable to the Creditors of the said Properties, or any of them, or to pay such Interest in full, without making any such Deduction; and it shall be lawful for the said Creditors to receive such Interest in full, and they or any of them shall not be liable thereupon to the Penalty herein after contained:

Provided also, That the Profits arising from any Manor or Royalty as aforesaid which shall extend into different Parishes, may be assessed in one Account in the Parish where the Court for such Manor or Royalty shall have been usually held: Provided also, that the Profits arising from all Fines received by the same Person Body Politick or Corporate or Company, may be assessed in one Account, where the Person or Persons to be charged under the Regulations of this Act shall reside:

Second. — All Lands occupied by the same Person or Persons, shall be brought into every Account thereof required to be delivered by such Person or Persons under this Act, whether the same shall be occupied by such Person or Persons as Owner or Tenant, or as Tenant under distinct Owners, or shall be situate in the same or in different Parishes or Districts, bat the Charge thereon shall be in each Parish or District, in Proportion to the Value of the Property situate therein; of which Proportions the Occupier or Occupiers shall be required t deliver an Account in each Parish wherein any Part of such Lands are situate, and a separate Estimate shall be given of Lands in the same Occupation belonging to distinct Owners 5 and if any Occupier of Lands situate in different Parishes or Places shall wilfully omit to deliver an Account of the Lands so occupied in each Parish or Place, although such Occupier may not reside in one of more of such Parishes or Places, every such Occupier, over and above the Penalty herein imposed, shall be charged for the Lands so omitted at double the Rate contained in this Act 2

Provided always, That Lands held under the same Demise, or in the Occupation, -of the same Person as Owner, although situate in different Parishes, may be charged in either Tarith at the Discretion of the respective Commissioners, if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Proportion in each Parish, either in respect of Quantity, Rent, or Value of the said Lands cannot be ascertained, in case the Whole of the said Lands shall be situate in the same Tiftrift of Commissioners; and if the said Lands extend into different Districts of Commissioners, then the Assessment shall be made in that District where the Occupier of such Lands doth reside:

Third. — For any Dwelling House in the Occupation of a Tenant, which with the Buildings or Offices belonging thereto and the Land occupied therewith, shall be under the annual Value of Ten Pounds, and for all Lands and Tenements let to any Tenant for a less Period than One Year the Assessment thereupon may, if the Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit, be made on the Landlord, but so as not to impeach the Remedy of Recovery of the Duty from the Occupier in Default of Payment by the Landlord:

Fourth. — For any Compositions Rents or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, the Assessment thereupon may, if the Commissioners for executing this Act think fit, be made on the respective Occupiers of the Lands from which such Tythes arise, or on the respective Persons liable to the Payment of such Compositions Rents or other Payments; and the said Commissioners may direct Notices to be delivered to such Persons respectively, for the Purposes of obtaining Returns of the Value of such Compositions Rents and Payments, subject to the like Penalties arid under the Regulations of this Act for Returns of the annual Value of Lands:

Fifth. — If any Mine, enumerated in the Fifth Rule, No. III. of this Schedule, has, from some unavoidable Cause, been dccreased, and is decreased in the annual Value thereof, so that the Average of Five Years will not give a fair and just Estimate of the annual Value thereof, it shall be lawful, after due Proof before the Commissioners for General Purposes in the District where such Mine shall be situate, to compute such annual Value on the actual Amount of such Profits and Gains in the preceding Year ending as aforesaid, subject to such Abatement on Account of Diminution of Duty within the current Year, as is herein provided in other Cases; and if any such Mine shall, from some unavoidable Cause, have wholly failed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on due Proof thereof, wholly to diU barge any Assessment made thereon:

Provided always, That whenever any such Mine shall be situate, or the Produce thereof shall be manufactured, in a different Place than where the Produce thereof shall be sold, tin Pr ofits arising therefrom shall be afleffei a id charged in the Parish and District where the said Mine is situate, or where the Produce thereof is manufactured and not elsewhere 2

& Sixth. —

A.D. 1806.46° GEORGII III. C. 65.

Sixth. — If in estimating the Value of any of the Properties enumerated in No. II. or No. III. of this Schedule as before mentioned, it shall appear that the Account required by the said Rules, or any of them, cannot be made out by reason of the Post'eftion or Interest of the Party to be charged thereon having commenced within the Time for which the Account is directed to be made out, it shall be lawful for the said Party or Parties and all Persons concerned in executing this Act, to estimate the Profits of One Year, in Proportion to the-Profits received within the Time elapsed lince the Commencement of such Possession or Interest:

Seventh. — The Duty to be charged under this Schedule, in respect of any House or Tenement occupied by any accredited Minister from any Foreign Prince or State shall be charged and paid by the Landlord or Person immmediately entitled to the Rent of the said House or Tenement:

Eighth. — The Duty to be charged in respect of any House Tenement or Apartment belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in the Occupation of any Officer of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in right of His Office or otherwise (except Apartments in His Majesty* Royal Palaces) shall be charged on and paid by the Occupier of such House Tenement or Apartment; upon the annual Value of each House Tenement or Apartment so occupied:

Ninth. — The Occupier or Occupiers* of any Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, being respectively Tenants of the same and paying the said Duties, shall deduct so much thereof as in respect of the Rent payable to the Landlord or Landlords for the Time being, (all Sums allowed by the Commissioners being first deducted) as a Rate of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings thereof, would by a just Proportion amount unto, which Sums shall be deducted out of the First Payment thereafter to be made on account of Rent; and the Receivers of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all Landlords, both mediate and immediate, their respective Heirs Executors Administretors a$d Assigns, according to their respective Interests, and their respective Receivers or Agents, shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of the Rents, under the P: \ialty herein contained; and the Tenants paying the said Assessment, shall be acquitted and discharged of io much Money, as if the same had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to or for whom his or their Rents shall have been due and payable; and the Occupier or Occupiers of Lands charged on the Amount of any Composition Rent or Payment for Tythes arising therefrom and paying the said Duties, shall be entitled to make the like Deductions from such Composition Rent or Payment on paying the same:

Tenth. — Where any such Lands Tenements or Hereditaments are subject or liable to the Payment of any Rent-Charge Annuity Ff.e-Farm-Rent Rent-Service Quit-Rent Feu-Duty Teind-Duty Stipends to licensed Curates or other Rent or annual Payment thereupon reserved or charged, the Landlords Owners or Proprietors, by whom any Deductions or Payments shall have been allowed as aforesaid, and the Landlords Owners and Proprietors being respectively Occupiers and charged to the said Duties, shall abate and deduct, and detain and keep in their Hands, out of every such Rent-Charge Annuity Fee-Farm-Rent Rent-Service Quit-Rent Feu Duty Teind Duty Stipend or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid, so much of the said Duties or Payments, on Account of the fame, (the just Proportion of the Sums allowed by the Commissioners being first deducted), as a like Rate of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings on such Rent-Charge Annuity Fee-Farm Rent Rent-Service Quit-Rent Feu-Duty Teind-Duty or Stipend or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid, respectively, shall by a just Proportion amount unto 5 and the Receivers of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be anyways entitled unto such Renta Duties Stipends or annual Payments, their Receivers Deputies or Agents, are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payments according to such Rate, upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Monies as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents Duties or annual Payments, without any Fee or Charge for such Allowance, and under the Penalty herein contained; and the Landlord Owner Proprietor and Occupier respectively, being charged as aforesaid, or having allowed such Deductions or Payments, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money, as if the same had actually been paid unto such Person or Persons to whom such Rent-Charge Annuity Fee-Farm-Rent Rent-Service Quit-Rent Feu-Duty Teind-Duty Stipend, or other Rent or annual Payment aforesaid, shall have been due and payable:

Eleventh. — Where any Mortgagee, or Creditor in any heritable Bond or Wadset, shall be in the possesson of the Lands Tenements or Hereditaments mortgaged or secured, such Mortgagee or Creditor shall be chargeable as Occupier when in the actual Occupation of the fame, and when not in the actual Occupation of the lame shall be liable to such Deductions as any other Landlord would be; and upon the Settlement of Accounts between such Mortgagee or other Creditor as aforesaid and the Mortgagor or Debtor, the Duty payable in respect of the Amount of the Interest payable upon such Mortgage or ot'ier Debt as aforesaid, shall be taken and allowed as so much Money received by such Mortgagee or other Creditor as aforesaid on account of such Interest: Twelfth. — Where any Houses Lands or Tenements shall be occupied by the Owner at the Time the Assessment under this Act shall be made, who shall die before Payment of th§ Duty, the Heirs Executors Administrators or Assigns, or other Person or Persons who on such Death become entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, shall be liable to the Payment of all Arrears of the said Duty due at the Time of such Death, and to all subsequent Instalments for that Year, according to their respective Interests, without any new Assessment:

Thirteenth. — Where any House shall be divided into distinct Properties, and occupied by distinct Owners or their respective Tenants, such Properties shall be charged distinct on the respective Occupiers t

Fourteenth,

695

Duties may be al'certained according to the Length of Possession.

Houses occupied by Foreign M milters.

Official Housei.

Occupier may r-cover from Landlord, acceding to t .? Rate, by deducting The Duty our of he Rent.

§ 115]

Londlords may recover from others having Inteielt at the like Rate.

Mortgagees in Possession liable#

Owner dying the Duty shall be paid by Executors, &cc.

Distinct Property in Honfea shall be charged mttuidly.

Deductions shall Lc allows d, only under Regulations of this ACT

Deductions. Tenths, See,

Procurations,

See.

Repairs of Chancels, See.

Land Tax under

38 G. 3. c. 5.

For Drainage, Sec.

WowAlbwances to Ecckfi.^nical Bodies, See. frail bt-iuadc.

F.xemptions for CnlSi gcs and H .ii.s.

[ ^rr <u Erit-Jh Mufti*, §155.]

Hospitals, Ice.

Cottages.

Rents of Hofj rtds and Ciuruy Lands.

How such Allowances Ih nil be claimed and proved.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Fourteenth.- — No Deduction from the Estimate or Assessment on any Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages shall be allowed in any Case not authorized by this Act, nor unless an Account in Writing signed by the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or by the Party claiming such Deduction, dating the Nature and Amount thereof, shall have been delivered to the Assessor or Assessors within the Time and pursuant to the Notice delivered by such Assessor or Assessors; and if any such Deduction shall have been made or allowed contrary to this Act, or without such Account in Writing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Inspector to surcharge the Assessment, and to charge therein a Sum equal to the Amount of Duty by which the Assessment shall have been diminished on occasion of such Deduction, which Surcharge shall not be annulled or vacated under any Pretence whatever, but shall stand Part of the Assessment.

No. V. Particular Deductions from Schedule (A).

First. — For the Amount of the Tenths and First-Fruits Duties and Fees on Presentations paid by any Ecclesiastical Person, within the Year preceding that in which the Assessment shall be made;

Second. — For Procurations and Synodals paid by Ecclesiastical Persons on an Average of Seven Years preceding that in which the Assessment shall be made:

Third. — For Repairs, of Collegiate Churches and Chapels, and Chancels of Churches, of of any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, by any Ecclesiastical or Collegiate Body Rest or Vicar or other Person or Persons bound to repair the fame, on an Average of Twenty-one Years preceding as aforesaid, or as nearly thereto as can be produced:

Fourth. — For the Amount charged on Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, towards a.i A! 1 granted by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign o His present Majesty, r.uiuled. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raiftd in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, where the Charge thereon shall not hav.* been redeemed:

Fifth. — For the Amount charged on Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, by a publick Rate or Assessment in respect of draining fencing or embanking the same s

In all which Cases there shall be allowed and deducted out of the Assessment to be made thereon in respect of the Property, unless such Payments or any Part thereof shall be made by a Tenant or Tenants, such Sum of Money as a like Rate of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings of the Sums paid would by a just Proportion amount unto s

Provided always, That the Allowances to be granted in pursuance of the first second or third Cases, may be granted, to the Ecclesiastical or Collegiate Body Rector Vicar or other Person or Persons aforesaid liable to the Charges therein mentioned, in one Sum, and in the same Manner as Allowances are to be granted in respect of Income, either by deducting the same from the Assessment upon them (if any) or by Certificate; and such Allowances shall be classed as Allowances in respect of Income.

No. VI. Allowances to be made in respect of the said Duties in Schedule (A.)

For the Duties charged on any College or Hall in any of the Universities of Great Britain, in respect of the publick Buildings and Offices belonging to such College or Hall, and not occupied by any individual Member or Members thereof, or by any Person paying Rent for the fame, and for the Repairs of the publick Buildings and Offices of such College or Hall, and the Gardens Walks and Grounds for Recreation repaired and maintained by the Funds of such College or Hall:

Or on any Hospital publick School or Alms-house in respect of the publick Buildings Offices and Premises belonging to such Hospital publick School or Alms-house, and not occupied by any individual Offitcror the Master thereof, whose Profits or Emoluments however arising shall exceed Fifty Pounds per Annum, or by any Person paying Rent for the fame, and for the Pepairsof such Hospital publick School or Alms-house and Offices belonging thereto, and of the Gardens Walks and Grounds for the Sustenance or Recreation of the Hospitallers Scholars and Ahns-mcn, repaired and maintained by the Funds of such Hospital School or Alms-house:

For the Duties charged on nny Cottage or Tenement not exceeding the annual Value of Forty Shillings belonging to and occupied by any Person not otherwise chargeable to any of the Duties contained in this Act:

The said Allowances to be granted by the Commissioners for General Purposes in their respective Districts: Or on the Rents and Profits of Messuages Lands Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to any Hospital publick School or Alms-house or veiled in Trustees for charitable Purposes, so far as the same are applied to charitable Purposes:

The said Allowances to be granted on Proof before the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed under the Authority of this Act for special Purposes, of the due Application of the said Rents and Profits to charitable Purposes only, and in so far as the same shall be applied to charitable Purposes only:

The said Allowances to be claimed and proved by any Steward Agent or Factor, acting for such School Hospital or Alms-house or other Trail for charitable Purposes, or by any Trustee of the fame, by Affidavit to be taken before any Commissioner for executing this Act in the District where such Person shall reside, Rating the Amount of the Duties chargeable, and the Application thereof, and to be carried into effect by the said Commissioners for fnecial Purposes, and according to the Powers vested in such Cortimissioners, without vacating altering or impeaching the Assessment to be made under this Att on or in respect of such Properties; which Assessments shall be in force and levied notwithstanding such Allowances.

c LXXV. And

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 65.

LXXV. And be it farther enabled, That the Duties hereby granted including the Duties contained in the Schedulde marked (B.) as herein recited, and the said Additional Duties before mentioned, shall be afiefled and charged in one Sum under the following Rules $ which Rules shall be deemed and construed to be a Part of this Act, «ndv to refer to the said lall-xnentioned Duty, as if the same had been inserted under a special Enactment*

Schedule (B.)

No. VII. Rufcs for aifeiling and charging the Properties under Schedule (B.)

The Duties last before-mentioned shall be charged in addition to the Duties to be charged under Schedule t A.) on all the Properties in this Act directed to be charged to the said Duty, according to the General Rule in No. I. Schedule (A) before-mentioned on the full Amount of the annual Value thereof estimated as by this Act is directed (except a Dwelling House, and the domestic Offices thereunto belonging, and which Dwelling House and Offices shall not be occupied by virtue of one and the same Demise with a Farm of Lands, for the Purpose of faming such Lands, or with a Farm of Tythes for the Purpose of farming the fame; and except Warehbufes or other Buildings occupied for the Purpose of carrying on a Trade or Profession); provided, that in all Cases where Lands in England are not subject to Tythes, or to any Modus or Composition Real in lieu thereof, these shall be deduced out of the Duties contained in this Schedule a Sum not exceeding One-eighth Part thereof; and in all Cases where such Lands are filbje& to a Modus or Composition Real, And not subject to any Tythes, there shall be deduced out of such Duties, so much thereof as, together with the like Rate on such Modus or Composition Real, shall not exceed One-eighth Part of such Duties as aforesaid; and in all Cases where such Lands are subject to a Modus or Composition Real in lieu of certain specific Tythes, and also are subject to certain other specific Tythes, or where such Lands are free of certain specific Tythefe, and are subject to certain other specific Tythes, the annual Value of such Lands shall, for the Purpose of charging the Duties under this Schedule, be estimated at the Rack Rent at which the same would let by the Year if wholly free from Tythes, and there shall be deduced therefrom the Amount or Value of One-eighth of the said Duties chargeable on the said Estimate, as in Cases of Tythe-free Lands: Provided also* that any Person being Lessee and Occupier of Tythes or Teinds taken in Kind, or being the Occupier of the Lands from whence such Tythes or Teinds shall arise, and compounding for the fame, shall be Charged, in respect of the Occupation, at the Rate of Sixpence for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof, estimated as aforesaid t Provided also, that the several Properties herein after described in No. VIII. shall bt assessed and charged in Manner therein mentioned.

No. VIII. Rules for estimating the Properties herein after next mentioned, Under Schedule (B.)

Lands occupied aft Nurseries or Gardens for the Sale of the Produce, and Lauds occupied For the Growth of Hops, shall be charged to the Duties in Schedule (B.) on the Profits of One Year, on an Average of the Three preceding Years, except where the Lands so occupied for the Growth of Hbps shall be Part of a Farm held under One Demise, of by the same Person as Owner, and shall not exceed One-tenth Part of such Farm, in which Case the Duty thereon under this Schedule shall be Charged, together in One Sum as fof a Farm, by the said General Rule in Schedule (A.) mentioned.

No. IX. Rules for charging the said Duties under Schedules (A.) and (B.J

First. — The said Duties, except where other Provisions Are made as aforesaid fof estimating particular Properties* shall be estimated according to the General Rule Contained in Schedule (A.) and shall be charged on, and paid by the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being, his her and their Executors Administrators and Assigns.

Second. — Every Person having the Use of any Lands or Tenements, shall be taken and considered, for the Purposes of this Act, as the Occupier of such Lands or Tenements:

Third. — The said several Duties shall on each Assessment thereof be levied oft the Occupier or Occupiers for the Time being without any new Assessment notwithstanding any Change in the Occupation thereof: Provided every Tenant on (putting the Occupation shall be liable for the Arrears at the Time osso quitting and for such further Portion of Time as shall then have elnpfed, to be settled and levied by the respective Coirtmissioners and repaid to the Occupier or Occupiers by whom the same shall have been paid; and the Executors or Administrators of any Tenant Who shall die before the Payment of such Assessment shall be liable in like Manner as the Testator or Intestate would have b6cn if living s Provided also, that every Tenant quitting before the Time of making the Assessment, shall be liable for Inch Portion of the Year as shall have elapsed at the Time of his so quitting, to be adj ufted and settled by the respective Commissioners.

No. X. Rules for estimating the annual Value df Properties before described in Schedule (A.) aid (B.)

or either of them.

First. — Where any Landlord shall be subject tft any Covenant or Agreement to pay and satisfy, out of the Rent reserved on any Lands or Tenements, all or any Parochial Rates Taxes Of* Assessments which by Law are a Charge on the Occupier, or any Composition for Tythes; or where any Rc6tor Vicar or other Perfd entitled to any Rent or other annual Payment to be made in lieu of Tythes, or any Composition for Tythes, shall pay 46 Geo. III. 4 U and

69?

fculei for a(Tetr-^ing Duties in Schedule (B.)f &c. deemed i^ait of Lite Act.

To be t h, ir£-d in Addition tt) Schedule (A.) on the same Properties, except for Dwelling Houses dillinft from Farms and Tythes and except Warc-houses.

One-eighth to be deducted from Rent of Tythe-free Lands.

LetTeet ini Occupiers of Tythes fhati pay 6d. per Pound.

Nursertes Otr Gardens.

To be paid hf the Occupier.

Who deerdei Occupiers.

AssessmeMjflnJl be in force for One Yenr.

How paid on Change of Occupation.

Money Payments by LinL, lord on Account of Occupier shall be derfnftetl from (lit Rent*

698 C. 65.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Mo*y P; iy*

nitim by Tenant on Acrounr of Laftriluid shall be added to tl.e Rein.

How Renr, according to Pjice e C«. rn or Grain, shall be 4iccrUiuid.

How Rent according to Produce, (h.«ll be alcerUiiud.

In Scotland the Edimate shall be made according to the General Rule.

Linds and Te-nemc.tj may be valued according to the Account dclivcicci to Alftffors; or may lx? clti-m.v.ed by the AfTcffbrs according to 1 he fallowing Rules.

and satisfy out of the Amount thereof all or any such Parochial Rates Taxes or Assessments charged on such Tythes Rents Competitions or other annual Payments aforesaid; then and in every such Case the annual Value shall be estimated for the Purposes of this Act exclusive of such Rates Taxes or Assessments, and of such Compositions for Tythes, to be computed on the Amount thereof bond side paid by such Landlord or other Person aforesaid, in and for the Year preceding the Year of Affehment: or where the Owner shall be also Occupier of such Lands or Tenements, and shall have paid any Parocnial Rates Taxes or Assessments charged on the same or any Competitions for Tythes thereon, then and in such Case the said annual Value shall be also estimated exclusive of such Rates Taxes and Assessments, and Compositions for Tythes, to be computed in like Manner as aforesaid:

Second. — Where any Tenant of Lands or Tenements shall be subjccb to any Covenant or Agreement to pay and satisfy all or any Aids Taxes Rates or Assessments by Law chargeable on or payable by the Landlord or Landlords, then and in such Case the Amount thereof which shall have been bond side paid by such Tenant in and for the Year preceding the Year of Assessment, shall, in making the Estimate for the Purpose of charging the Duty in respect of Occupation, be added to the Rent referred, in case the same shall have been let within the Period of Seven preceding Years; and if not so let, the Estimate shall be made according to the General Rule in Schedule (A.) with the like Addition thereto of the Amount of such Payment.

Third. — Where the Amount of Rent of Lands referred in Money shall denend in the Whole or in Part on the Priceof Corn or Grain, the Estimate for the Purpose of charging the Duties in Schedule (A.) shall be made on the Amount payable according to the average Prices-or Fiars fixed in the Year preceding the Year appointed for Payment of the Duty and in the same Manner by which such Rents have usually been ascertained between the Landlords and Tenants; but where a Whole o» Part of the Rent shall be referred in Corn or Qrain, then the said Estimate shall be made on the like Average Price or Fiar, computed on the Quantity of Corn or Grain delivered or to be delivered in the Year appointed for Payment of the Duty; or where such Computation cannot be made, the Estimate aforesaid may be made on the annual Value of such Lands estimated according to the said General Rule:

Fourth. — Where the Amount of Rent reserved on Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, shall depend on the actual Produce thereof, either in respect of the Price or Quantity of such Produce, the Estimate for the Purposes of charging the Duties in Schedule ( A ), shall be made on the Amount or Value of such Produce in the Year preceding the Year appointed for Payment of the Duty according to the Prices fixed, and according to the Quantity produced in that Year by the same Rules and in the same Manner, by which such Rents have usually been ascertained between the Proprietors and their LefTeea or Tenants, and where the Prices or Fiars shall vary in the Two Years of Assessment, or the Amount of Produce shall vary in those Years, the Assessment shall on Appeal or Surcharge be rectified accordingly:

Fifth — Every Estimate of such Property in Scotland, shall be made without Reference to the Cess or Tax Roll or valued Rents heretofore used in Scotland, or any Stent thereon, and shall be made according to the General Rule contained in Schedule (A.) to the bell of the Belief and Judgement of the Commissioners, Assessors, and others employed in charging the said several Duties.

LXXVI. And be it enured, That upon every Account of the annual Value of the several Properties aforesaid, to be charged under Schedule A.) and B.\ delivered in Manner before directed Uj the Assessor or Assessors, it shall be lawful for the said Assessor or Assessors to make an Estimate of the said Property on the Amount of the Sum ascertained by such Account, if the said Assessor or Assessors shall be satisfied with such Amount; but if the said Assessor or Assessors shall not be satisfied therewith or if no such Account shall have been returned, or if the Occupier or Occupiers or other Persons aforesaid shall not be resident within the Limits of the District of such Assessor or Assessors, and no such Return shall have been made, then the said Assessbr or Assessors shall make an Lft.mate, to thebeft of his or their Judgement, of the annual Value of the said Property of which no sufficient Account shall have been delivered; and in doing so it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors and he and they, in every Calc relating to Lands or Tenements to be estimated according to the said General Rule by the annual Value thereof, where such annual Value cannot be otherwise ascertained, is and are hereby required to make such Estimate according to the following Rules; videlicet,

©1 Poor Rates

if' ih it i> ra ed 00 full Value.

Or er.Cie fed to fjll Value if m ide eu p-u-

portionj.e tmni.

If i" diTcrent Pi Opi>rri<M:, the H i c toi Linds Hi .siI me

Gu cle throughout.

No. XI.

First — Where the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in any Parish OF Place shall be made throughout by a Pound Rate on the annual Value, as the same would be estimated according to Schedule f A.) the Estimate thereon to be made under this Act shall be made on the same Sums respectively as in such Rate: Second. — Where the said Rate shall be made throughout by such Pound Rate or any proportionate Part of the annual Value as aforesaid, the Proportion thereof shall be observed as in the said Rate, but the Estimate thereon to be made under this Act, shall be made at the same Sums respectively as they would have been estimated at, if the said Rate had been made on the full Amount of such annual Value:

Third. — Where Properties of different Kinds shall be rated in the said Rate, according to different Proportions of the Value thereof as aforesaid, or shall be rated therein at different Rates of such Value, but nevertheless the Properties of the fa ne Kind shall be rated in a due Proportion to each other, both as to the Value and Rate of Charge, in every inch Case the Rule of rating Lands, both as to the Value and the Rate of Chargcrshall, in, making the Estimate under this Act, be observed throughout, as well with respect to such Lands as to the other Properties therein rated, so far as relates to such Rates as shall be made either on the full Value of the Pvopeities, or on any proportionate Part thereof:

b Fourth*

A.D. 1806. 46" GEORGII III. C. 65. 699

Fourth. — In all Cases not falling within the Three preceding Rules, but nevertheless where the Properties Where thr Pi«, shall appear to the Assessors to he rated in the said Rate in the same Proportion to each other, though the portions of Pour Proportion of such Rate to the Value of the Property rated be not known, and the Assessors are able to afeer-»<* tain the Rack Rent of all or any of the Properties which shall have been so let within the Period of Seven j$k°w"»'m !fc Years preceding, within the Limits of the Parish or Place where the said Assessors shall act, they shall make c

an Estimate of such Properties on the Amount of such Rents respectively, and the Amount contained in the Estimates so made shall form the Basis on which the Estimates of other Properties, of which the Rack Rent shall not have been so ascertained shall be made, and they shall make their Estimates of all other Property in a Sum bearing the same Proportion, as near as the same can be computed, to the Amount of such First: Estimates, as the Sums at which all such other Properties of which the Rent hath been so ascertained are valued at in such Rate bear to the Sum charged in the said Rate on the said Properties first estimated; and they shall apportion the Sum so estimated, on such other Properties, in the same Proportion, as near as the same can be computed, as they are respectively rated at in such Rate, and shall make their Estimate under this Act in such Sums respectively; and in Cases, where the same Rule of Proportion shall not have been observed in rating different Kinds of Property, then the Assessors shall make an Estimate as above directed upon each of such Kinds of Property, for the Purpose of forming a Basis on which the Estimates of other Properties of the same Kind may be made, '

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Messuage or Tenement, together AfTHTormay with the Offices Gardens and Lands occupied therewith, or any Lands separately occupied, shall be under the estimate Mef-annual Value of Ten Pounds, and the Assessor or Assessors shall be able to estimate the said Value, either by thee.

Rules before mentioned, or from his or their own Knowledge, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for such Assessor u, lder 10

or Assessors to make an Estimate of such Property accordingly, to the best of his or their Judgement, without requiring a Return of the annual Value as aforesaid, unless the Surveyor or Inspector shall object to such Estimate, and shall require a Notice for that Purpose to be delivered; and if any Assessor, not having given such Notice* r

shall neglect to estimate the said Properties, and make a Return of the true annual Value thereof according ttt neglect, 10l.

this Act, every such Assessor shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case auy Tenant at Rack Rent shall produce to the Assessor Assessun may or Assessors the Lease or Agreement in Writing under which he or she immediately holds any Premises to be make their L; <K-charged £S aforesaid according to the general Rule, the Production of which Lease or Agreement every such m*Xci i f baud Assel for is hereby authorised to demand whenever the same shall appear to him necessary, and in Case it shall ^eafi^b °*ti?e appear by such Lease or agreement that the same shall have been let within the Period of Seven preceding Years, T'cnanf> accord*and no other Consideration in Money than the Rent reserved shall be contained in such Lease or Agreement, it ing to the shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make their Estimate according to such Rent, any Thing before reserved Rem; contained to the contrary notwithstanding; but such Assessment shall not be binding, in case it shall appear to the Commissioners that the said Lease or Agreement doth not express the full Consideration, whether in Money^at or Value for the Demise, or the Rent bond side paid for the same, or that the Rent reserved is less than the Rack &rnt.

Rent, on Occasion of Repairs or Improvements done or to be done by the Lessee or Assigns, or is made in any other respect with Intent to conceal the annual Value of such Premises, or to diminish the Eftintate to be made thereon, or hath been assigned to such Tenant, or any former Tenant, for any Consideration in Money or Value paid or agreed to be paid: Provided always, that regard shall be had to the Cases before mentioned, where the Amount of the reserved Rent shall be increased by reason of any Covenant or Agreement by the Landlord, to discharge the Tenants Taxes Rates Assessments or Duties before mentioned* or where the same shall be decreased by reason of any Covenant or Agreement by the Tenant to discharge the Landlord's Taxes Rates or Assessments, or on Occasion of any Expences incurred or to be incurred by the Lessee or Assigns whether mentioned or not mentioned in such Lease or Agreement, and to the Deductions to be made on Account of any Aid or publick Rate or Assessment before described.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tenant at Rack Rent, under any parol Demise from Temrus Year to Year, within the Period mentioned in the said General Rule, or any Tenant who, by reason of any Rack Kent*Mortgage or other Contract, shall not have the Custody or Possession of, or the Power over, any Lease or Agree- undera Paroi ment in Writing under which he holds the Premises demised, within the said Period, and who shall give rensonable

Proof to the Commissioners why he is unable to produce the fame, shall deliver to the Assessor or Assessors an Account in Writing signed by him or her, of the actual Amount of the annual Rent reserved on such Demise, deliver an J such Account so delivered shall be deemed a Compliance with this Act, in all Cases where he may be called upon, Account of under the Authority of this Act, to produce such Lease or Agreement; and it shall be lawful for such Assessor a4utl Rent, or Assessors to make their Estimate according to such Rent, any Thing before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; but such Assessment shall not be binding, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the said Account doth not express the full Consideration for such Demise, or the Rent bond side paid for the same, or that the Rent reserved is less than the Rack Rent on Occasion of any Payments as aforesaid made or to be made by such Tenant, or is made in any other Respect with Intent to conceal the annual Value of the Premises;

held under such Demise, or to diminish the Estimate to be made thereon.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every such Tenant who shall wilfully deliver any such Account penalty on which shall be false, or who shall wilfully produce any Lease or Agreement with a fraudulent Intent to conceal Tenants delivy. the annual Value of the Premises therein comprized, or to diminish the Estimate to be made thereon, shall forfeit 2oJ,

the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to be charged in Double the Duty hereby directed to be charged an^TD^uble0*as aforesaid, computed on the annual Value of the Premises held under such Demise, estimated according to this Duty.

4U a Act 1

Tenants in Sc v>il.<ncl (hnli produce theif l. c.ilcs on £T?ticv, or an Recount of their

Rcur.

Treble

Lease, Sic, may be left with toflice of Peace, ic. in abftuce % f AlTcffor.

AH Properties full be aflefierf i if Lauda become Unoccupied;

Dill refs may be taken afterwards Scr Duly under Schedule A.

But such Assessments shall not be levied on House* while unoccupied.

Duties charged n Tythes, may be levied by Disticfs.

Mode of levying .Duties on C mpo fit ions for Tythes, Manors, or Royalties, Markets, Fairs, Toil*, Fineries, &c.

Assessors shall make Estimater of the Value of all Lands within their Districts.

Assessors dullw'y to Commissioners and Surveyors #f kfb

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 180&.

Ad; and the said Inspectors and Surveyors are hereby required to surcharge the fame, and the Commissioners are hereby required to make an Assessment accordingly.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant of Lands Tenement* or Heritages in Scotland shall, \vithin Ten Pays alter the Assessor or Assessors shall have left at his or her ufirfl Piece of Abode, or at any Dwelling House or other Place on the Premises, to be charged with the Assessrru: iit, a Note in Writing to the Effect after mentioned (which such Assessor or Assessors are hereby required to deliver in every Instance) shall produce to such Atlefforor Assessors the Tack or Lease, or other Agreement or Articles in Writing under which he or she holds such Lands or Tenements; or where the same shall not be in the Power Custody or Po.ffeflion of such Tenant, or there shall be no such Tack Lease or Agreement or Articles, then he or : he shall leave with such Assessor or Assessors, or at his or their Dwelling House, within the Time before mentioned, a Note in Writing of the actual Rent annually reserved and payable, and of any other valuable Confident .ion given or to be given to the Landlord or Landlords of such Lands and Tenements, as a further Consideration for such. Tenancy* under the Penalty of Treble the Duty hereby-chargeable thereon in case of any wilful Neglect to comply with such Notice; and it shall be lawful for such Assessor or Assessors to make his or their Eftiraate on the Production of such Lease or Agreement or Articles, according to the Rent therein reserved and made payable; and in case of Non-production of such Lease or Agreement or Articles in Writing, then upon the Rent reserved or made payable, according to the Account thereof delivered as aforesaid, if heorthey shall be satisfied that the said Land*. Tenements or Heritages have been Iona side let at the reserved Rent notifiedtc^him or them as aforesaid without Other valuable Consideration; but in caie such Assessor or Assessors shall not be satisfied with the Notification given to him or them, or in case no such Notification shall be given, then such Assessor or Assessors shall make the Eftirr.ate as directed in the foregoing Rules.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Farm occupied by such Tenant shall be distant more than Ten Miles from the Dwelling House of such Assessor, it shall be competent to such Tenant to lodge his or her Lease or Note in Writing of the Rent with the nearest Justice of the Peace* or with the Clergyman of the Parish where the Farm is situated p and the said Justice of the Peace or Clergyman respectively, shall be obliged to shew the said Lease or Note of the Rent to the said Assessor when required.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said several Duties shall be assessed on all Lands Tenement* and Hereditaments, whether occupied at the Time , of Assessment or not; and, so far as respects the Duties chargeable under Schedule (A.) in case any Lands charged to the said Duties in any Part of Great Britain shall be unoccupied, and no Distress can be found on the same at the Time such Duties .shall be payable, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collectors of the Parish or Place where the said Lands are situate for the Time being, at any Time after to enter upon the said Lands when there shall be any Distresses thereupon to be found, and the Distress and Distresses to seize and fell, under the like Powers a* they might have distrained on the same Lands if in the Occupation of such Person or Persons at the Time the Duties became due: Provided always, that the said Duties, or either of them, shall not be levied on any Houses which shall have been or shall become unoccupied for such Year, or Portion of the Year, as the same shall be unoccupied, but the Assessment thereupon for such Year, or Portion of the Year as aforesaid, shall, upon Appeal, be discharged or diminished by the Commissioners, on due Proof of the Time in which such House has remained unoccupied.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That where by any Assessment the Duties hereby granted shall be charged on Tythes or Teinds, and the same shall not be paid within the nespective Times limited by this Act, it shall be lawfuF for the Collector and Officer to distrain upon such Tythes or Teinds, or any other Goods or Chattels, of the Owner of such Tythes or Teinds, wherever the same can be found, and to seize, take and fell so much thereof as shall be sufficient for the levying the said Afiefhnent, under and subject to the Powers granted by the said recited Acts respectively in other Cases*

LXXXV. And be it enacted, Thafc when-any Assessment shall be charged on any Composition for Tythes or Teinds, or any Rent or Payment in lieu of Tythes or Teinds, the Occupier of the Lands and Premises charged with such Compositions Rents or Payments shall be answerable for the Duties so charged, and may dedud the same out of the next Payment on account thereof 5 and where any Assessment shall be charged on the Profits of Manors or Royalties or of Markets.or Fairs or on Tolls Fisheries or any other annual or casual Profits not distrain able, the Owner or Occupier, or Receiver or Receivers of the Profits thereof, shall be answerable for the Duties charged thereon, and may retain and dedud the same out of such Profits $ and in every such Case the Collector shall distrain upon such Persons respectively, by any of the Ways and Means prescribed by the said recited Acts respectively

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That the respective Assessors adingin the Execution of this Act shall make their Certificates of Valuation or Estimates on all Lands Tenement* and Hereditaments or Heritages, within the Limits of those Places for which they are to ad, and shall set down the full and just annual Value of all such Lands and Premises estimated in each particular Case, according to the Directions of this Act, together with the Names and Surnames of the Occupiers and Proprietors thereof, and shall at the same Time deliver to the said Commissioners all Returns which shall have been made to them, a* well of such annual Value, as of any Deduction claimed to be made therefrom, such Returns being first progressively numbered.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Assessors for any Parish, Ward, or Place, shall not be able- to make their Estimates according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall not be obstructed therein, it shall be lawful for them to make Application to any Two or more of the Commissioners, acting in the Execution of this Act for the District where such Assessors shall be appointed, or to any Surveyor or Inspector

of

A.D. 1805.

46° GEORGII IIR

C. 65. 701

Commissioners, who may rectify AlklTmc; rU.

of the said Duties, who ffialE severally instruct such Assessors in making their Estimates, and assist them in the Execution of this Act, according to the Powers and Authorities vested in them respectively by this Act.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the A (Terrors to be appointed for the aforesaid Duties in England, AflHTors ftnll Wales, and £crw: cl-upon-7 weed, shall, at the Time of bringing in their Certificates of Valuations or Estimates, g»vc Notice to if required so to do by any Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties or by any Two or more of the respective ^r^ucr>uwl# Commissioners, give Notice to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where they shall act, to produce, AsseiT'ors and or cause to be produced to the Commissioners for executing this Act in relation to the said Duties, the Book or Overseers m-«y Books, or a true Copy thereof, in which shall have been entered the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of be examined.n such Parish or Place, and also a true Copy of the lash Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish or 0.»th Ufo; e the Place, who shall without faiLdeliver the same to the said Inspector or Surveyor of that District for the Use of the said Commissioners, and the said Assessors shall declare in Writing, signed by them, whether the said Rates are made on the full Value of the Properties therein, or in any and what proportionate Part thereof, to the bed of their Knowledge and Belief^ and the said Commissioners shall, in case the said Surveyor or Inspector shall allege and shew to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that the said Estimates or any of them have not been made according to the Directions of this Act, examine the said Assessors and also the Overseers of the Poor for the same Panffi or Place, or any of them, being duly summoned for that Purpose, on their Oaths or solemn Affirmation, touching the Proportions between the said Rates and the Value of the Properties charged therein, and whether the Properties, or any and whichof them, have been valued therein at the Amount, or at any and what Proportion of the annual Value thereof respectively, and what ought to be the just Proportion between the Rates on the different Properties therein charged, if the Amount of the Values thereof, and the same Proportion between the Rates, had been observed throughout the Rate, and also what Property shall have been omitted to be rated, and which of the Properties in the Parish or Place shall be entitled to be assessed on the Profits or on an Average of the Profits according to this Act; and the said Inspectors and Surveyors shall carefully examine the Estimates made by the same Assessors with the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor, in order that they may the better ascertain whether the said Estimates have been made on all the Properties situate in each Parish, and according to the Directions prescribed by this Act, and from the Result of the said Inquiries may rectify the same Estimates in any Particulars which in their Judgement may be requisite, before the Commissioners make an Assessment thereon, as herein is directed and in (o doing, may pursue, if they think fit, the Rules in Number XI.- § of this Act before mentioned, relating to the said Rates for Relief of the Poor.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That for the better Information of tho Commissioners appointed to Commissionerij carry this Act into Execution, and the Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, and also the Surveyors Assessors, &c. and Inspectors, and the better to enable them to perform their Duty, the said Commissioners, or any Two call for and or more of them, and the Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors herein mentioned, or any One or more of them, r"

or any Person or Persons authorized by them, or any of them, throughout England, Wales, and Berwick* Book*. upon-Tweed, shall hive Liberty from Time to Time, and at all fcalonable Times, to inspect and take Penalty for Copies of or Extracts from any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, refufmp of or concerning the Rates made for the Relief of the Pbor, or any other Publick Taxes, Rates, or Assessments, in any Place within the Limits for which they shall be appointed; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody 10 10 S or Power any of the said Booka shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said Commissioners with their Books when required so to do, in: pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case every Person who shall forefufeor neglect, shall for every such.

Offence forfeit and: pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

XC. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Assessors in each Parish or Place in Scotland, and Assessor* in tfiey are hereby required, to take to their Assistance the Schoolmaster in such Parish or Place, for the Purpose of Scotland shall be making such Valuation of the Lands and other Premisee within their respective Limits; and at the Time of bringing in their Certificates, they shall make Oath of the Truth of their Valuation, and that the same was made fhaTH according to the best of their Skill and Judgement, and shall submit to be examined on such Oath before the said examined on Commissioners in all Matters and Thingsr concerning the said Valuation-which the said Commissioners shall require Oath concerning for their Information*. the Valuation.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That in Cases where the Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons- In Default of chargeable, shall upon due Notice under this Act, omit to produce an Account in Writing as aforesaid of the return by Amount of the annual Value of the Property in his or their Occupation, eft i mated according to the general Rule in Schedule (A, ) or such other Rules in the said1 Schedule as are applicable to such Property, or shall have m*delivered an Account with which the Commissioners for General Purposes shall be dissatisfied, the several Assessors, furrey Lands by Itifpeftors, and Surveyors, authorized to act in the Execution of this Act, and every of them throughout Great Order of the Britain, having first obtained an Order in that Behalf, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners, Commissioner and taking to their Assistance such Perfoiror Persons of Skill as shall be named in such Order, shall, after Two v Day 8 Notice to the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, have full Power at all seasonable Times of the Day to view and examine all or any Lands or other Property chargeable, in order to make a Survey thereof, or otherwise to ascertain the annual Value at which the same ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, and forfo doing shall have Liberty to enter upon any Land* or Grounds, whether inclosed* or not, and to value the fame, and to measure and survey the same if they cannot otherwise ascertain the annual Value thereof.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That- within a reasonable Time after the respective Surveyors and Commissioneit* Inspectors shall have had the Examination of the Estimates delivered by the Assessors in any Part of Great Britain, the said Commissioners shall proceed to take the same into Consideration, and in case the Surveyor or emim .^cinot" Inspector shall not have objected thereto, and the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the said Estimates objected to, and hive been made.truly and without Fraud, so as to enable them to charge the several Properties contained therein made to ihcir

with Sausfa&ko.

' On Oojeflian by Surveyor, Ice. Cn'T'missioner* fli.'ll iedify LMimatefc, and fnake AssessT-ments.

Amount of AiTdlmentt under Schedules A.and B. and Tirne of Appeal ih.ill be notified.

Oil Appeal the Value of Lands may be ascertained by altual Valuation, by Order of the Commissioners.; and the Costs thereof shallbidc the Event.

dn case of Dispute atto several Propertie«, a 'Valuation of all the Land in the ParifH may-be t^kuu

On Appeal,

Occupier shewing Lease, r proving hit Annual Rent, Commissionen .may relieve.

" Where Lands are assessed at lef> than the V-'uc, the Assessment may be incicafed.

Inspecton and Surveyots makingvcxitious Surct ar ir* liable to Pen 4 .ty 50l.

c. 65. 46" Georgii in A.D. 1806.

with the full Duty which ought to be charged upon them respectively, the said Commissioners shall compute and ascertain, or cause to be computed and ascertained, the Amount of the Duty so chargeable at the respective Rates prescribed by this Act, according to the said respective Schedules, and mall make Assessments upon the respective Occupiers of, or other Persons being in the Receipt of, the Profits of such Properties, of the several Sums so computed at the respective Rates before mentioned.

XCJII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall have objected to such Estimates, and shall apply for a Revision thereof, suggesting in Writing to the Commissioners any Error, Mistake, or Fraud, in making such Estimates, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, according to the best of their Judgement, to rectify such Estimates, so that the Duty to be computed as aforesaid thereon, " may he fully charged, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to make their Assessments according tm such rectified Estimates, at the respective Rates, and in Manner before mentioned.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That so soon as the Assessments for any Parish or Place under Schedules (A.) and (B, ) shall be made, - the Commissioners shall cause Notice thereof, and of the Day forbearing Appeals therefrom to be given in such Manner as they shall judge expedient; which Notice may be given either by affixing a Copy of such Assessment on the Church Door, or any other publick Place in the Parish, together with a Note of the Day of Appeal, or by delivering such Copy to the Assessor or Assessors of such Place with such publick Notice, to be affixed as aforesaid, of the Day of Appeal, or by delivering to each Party charged the Amount of his or her Assessment together with a Note of the Day of Appeal; ana such Notices shall be made and given at leail Fourteen Days before the Day of Appeal so fixed.

XCV. Provided dways, and be it further enacted, That if upon Appeal any Dispute shall arise touching the annual Valu^ of any Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, and the Commissioners shall deem it necessary that a Valuation thereof should be taken and made by any Person or Persons of Skill, it shall be lawful for them to direct the Appellant to cause such Valuation to be made by any Person or Persons to be named by the said Commissioners, the Costs and Charges whereof shall abide t|ie final Determination of the said CommifuoBers, and it shall be lawful for them to make an Assessment according to such Valuation, and to require the same to be verified on the Oath or Affirmation of the Person or Persons making the same; but in case the Appellant shall not proceed with Effect to cause such Valuation to be made as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall proceed to an Assessment, according to the bed of their Judgement, on such Messuages iLands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages: Provided always, that it shall be competent to the said Commissioners, in every such Case where the Valuation so made shall exceed the Value put upon the same Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages by the Appellant, to direct the Costs and Charges attending the same to be paid by him; but if they shall be of Opinion that such Costs and Charges have not been incurred through any Default of the said ppellant, they shall direct the same to be paid by the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place, who on the Certificate of any Two or more of the Commissioners present at the Time of the Determination shall pay the same, and the Sums so paid shall be allowed to such Collector or Collectors in his or their Accounts with the Receiver General on delivering to him or his Deputy such Certificate together with the Receipt and Voucher for such Payment.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Dispute shall arise touching the Valuation or relative Value of several Properties or all the Properties throughout any Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to direct a Survey and Valuation to be taken of all the Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments and Heritages in such Parish or Place, and to give such Directions respecting the Payment of the Costs and Charges attending the same either by the several and respective Occupiers thereof in Proportion to their respective Intereils, or by the Collector out of the Monies in his Hands of the Duties granted by this Act, or in such Proportion by the respective Occupiers and the said Collector as shall appear to the said Commissioners to be lull.

XCVII. Provided, always, and be it enacted, That if on such Aopcal, the Occupier of any such Premises held under any Demise at Rack Rent, shall produce and shew to the said Commissioners the Lease Tack or Agreement in Writing, or shall prove by any lawful Evidence, to be produced on the Part of such Occupier in case there shall be no such Lease or Agreement in Writing, the annual Amount of the Rent at which such Premises are let, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in case such Rent hath been fixed by Agreement commencing within the Period of Seven Years mentioned in the said General Rule, and they shall be satisfied that such Lease or Agreement doth express the full Consideration for the Demise under which such Occupier shall hold the Tame, or that the Rent bona jide paid by such Occupier for the same hath been duly shewn to them in Evidence, and that such Demise is made wholly on Consideration of such reserved Rent, without any Intention to conceal or diminish the annual Value of such Premises, or other fraudulent Intention whatever, to abate and deduct fromjuch Assessment so much as in their Judgement will reduce the Rate to a just Rate on such Rent.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Lands or Tenements shall have been assessed at an annual Value less than the actual Rent at which the same shall be let, or if not let at less than the Rent at which the same might be let, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to enlarge and increase such Assessment to such Sum as a like Rate on such Rent would amount unto, as well with respect to the Rate on the Property as the Rate on the Occupation of such Lands and Tenements.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector or Surveyor shall wilfully make any false and vexatious Surcharge, or wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for executing this Act.any false and vexatious Certificate of Charge, every such Inspector or Surveyor shall forfeit to the Party grieved any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, and in the Court of

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 65. 703

ef Great Sessions for Oflenceft committed ip Wales, and in the Courts of Seflibn or Exchequer for Offences committed in Scotland, with full Costs of Suit: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained, nor any Suit by the Party aggrieved, in pursuance of this Act, shall be confirmed to affect impeach or defeat any Action or Information brought or to be brought against any Surveyoror Inspector in pursuance of the said recited Acts respectively for any corrupt vexatious or illegal Practices in the Execution of his Office 5 and it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Inspector or Surveyor shall have been convicted of filth Offence against this Act by Indcrfement on the Postea, or for the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted, to mitigate the Penalty at his or their Discretion.

C. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment to be made after the Fifth Day of Jlpril One thousand eight hundred and six, of the said Duties which are chargeable under either of the Schedules marked (A*.) or (B.) of this Act, shall be and remain in force for the Space of Two Years, if this Act shall so long continue, without requiring Returns from the Parties charged therein for the Second Year of such Assessment, and without altering the Names of the Parties charged, notwithstanding a Change in the Occupation or Interest of or in the Premises charged in such Assessment may have happened; and the like Sums shall be levied thereon for the Second Year as shall or ought to have been levied thereon for the First Year, and the Assessment shall be subject to the like Exemptions and Allowances for the Second Year as were granted for the First Year; and the Amount charged in such Assessment shall be paid by Four Instalments in each Year, on the Days and Times herein specified for Payment of such Instalments, subject nevertheless to be varied and altered in the following Cases; videlicet,

Fiifl. — If aay Surveyor or Inspector shall find or discover that any Person hath been under-rated in such If under-rated; Assessment, or omitted to be charged therein for the First Year, or hath obtained an Exemption or Allowance for the First Year which ought not to be allowed for the Second Year, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor.' or Inspector to surcharge such Assessment for the Second Year, in like Manner in all respeda as he or they is or are hereby authorized to surcharge the Assessment under the like Circumstances for the First Year of Assessment, provided that such Surcharges shall be always made in the Angle Duty, and no Increase shall be made thereon above the Rate of Duty hereby granted, unless the Commissioners shall be of Opinion that the Assessment for the First Year was, in the Particular surcharged, occasioned through the wilful Default or Neglect of the Party charged in the Assessment:

Second. — If any Person not chargeable in the First Year of Assessment, shall become chargeable in the Second fresh Person Year of Assessment, it shall be lawful for the Assessor Surveyor or Inspector, to require the like Returns, and to proceed to the Assessment of such Person in like Manner for the Second Year, as if the whole 9

Assessment of the Parish Place or District had commenced in that Year:

Third. — If any Person shall find himself aggrieved by the Continuance of such Assessment for the Second Year, or inc*fc by Occasion of his being over-rated therein, he may appeal from the same in that Year, on delivering Ten APP41*

Days Notice of such his Intention to the Surveyor or Inspector, and a true and perfect Schedule of the annual Value of the Property charged on him for that Year, in like Manner as he might have appealed against the same Assessment under the like Circumstances for the First Year, and no Payment on such Assessment for the First Year shall be construed to preclude such Appeal; provided, that for any vexatious Appeal without reasonable Cause, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to award reasonable Costs for the Attendance of the Assessor Surveyor or Inspector to be added to the Assessment and levied therewith for the Use of such Assessor Surveyoror Inspector, and which shall be paid to such Assessor Surveyor or Inspector.in like Manner as any other Payments under this Act may be made to them:

Fourth.* — It shall be lawfuhfor the respective Collectors to levy and gather the Assessment for the Second Year Assessment shall on the Occupiers for the Time being, by the same Rate or Book which shall have been delivered to them for continue to be the First Year, unless the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall revoke the Appointment of the said Collectors, or shall alter or vary the Assessments, and deliver to them a new Rate or Book for the or

Second Year:

Fifth. — The Duplicates of the Commissioners shall be made for each Year, and delivered to the Receiver Commissioners General and at the Tax Office, containing the like Particulars for the Secoud Year as is herein required for Duplicate* shall the Year of Assessment, varying only the Amounts therein to be specified, if the Case shall require the fame; YeaT^and^U*1* and all the Powers, Regulations, Matters, and Things contained in this Act for rectifying any Assessment, Powers*of the or increasing or diminishing the Duty according to Circumstances, or for levying the fame, shall be in force Ad applied to for the Second Year, in respect of the Sums to be levied in that Year, and shall be applied in that Year as the 2d Year, fully and effectually as if the Assessment had been made for that Year under the Directions and Regulations of this Act.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That at the Commencement of the Third Year, and so on at the Commence- Fike Assessment* inent of the Fifth and of every alternate Year thereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, a like Assessment jwo^YeTi* in* shall be made in each Parish or Place, pursuing therein the Directions and Regulations of this Act 5 which the Third 2nd Assessment so made shall respectively continue in force for Two Years, under and subject to the Provisions before alternate Year*, contained, for the First Assessment to be made under this Act.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Instalment of the Duties assessed in such Assessment j^ai/l* shall be levied or collected for the Second Year of such Assessment, which shall not be due and payable within r<>r |hc the Meaning of this Act, before the Period limited for the Continuance of this Act; but the Assessment, on Year beyond which such Instalments would have accrued, shall from thenceforth cease and determine. Continuance 9$

CIII. And JaeAa.

and punishable

unHer Acts 41 G. 3. c. 99, 150.

Pen illy mr.y be mitigated. v

First AflVtTment under Schedules (A.) and (If)shall rem.uo in force fos T wo'Years subject to Repeal of this Act, and to Alterations in the following Cases.

7°4-

Rules for assessing Dulirs in Schedule (C)dtcir.cd Salt of -this Act.

C. 65.'

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

CITT. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby granted, including the Duties contained in the Schedule marked (C.) as herein recited, and the additional Duties to be charged on the Amount thereof, shall be act'efled and charged in one Sum, under the following Rules, which Rules shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, and to refer to the said last mentioned Duty, as if the same had been inserted under a special Enactment.

Ditties shall be paid by the Cui poi ations, &c. paying the Dividends;

Snd shall extend lo all Dividends .payable afre-r 5th April 1806.

Stock of Tricndly Societies under 33 G. 3. c. 54. exempted.

Stork of .charitable lull Kut ions exempted. [Ax /# British Mnjeun\, See 555-j

Tunds in^imo 01 Commissioneri of the National Debt, under .16 G. 3. c. 31. exempted.

Stock >'n the Name of the1 reafuiy fX crapiefl.

'Brock of Foreigners .exempted. [See § no, in.]

Stock belonging to His Majesty, 1 to Foreign Mimfler* exempted.

rBank ofEngbnd, &c. and other Comminionexs en Hulled with Payment of Dividends and of public Revenues, shall deliver to the Commissioners for nffcfling the fame. Accounts of the Amount

Schedule (C.)

Rules for assessing and charging the Duties under Schedule (C.)

The said lift-mentioned Duty shall be paid by the Persons and Corporations respectively intrti(led with the Payment of the Annuities Dividends and Shares therein charged, on Behalf of the Person or Persons Corporations Companies or Societies entitled thereto, his her or their Executors Administrators or Assigns, and shall be a fie fled by the Commissioners hereby authorized to be appointed for those Purposes; and shall extend to all publick Annuities whatever payable in Great Britain out of any publick Revenue in Great Britain or elsewhere, and to all Dividends and Shares thereof which shall become payable after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, except in the following Cases of Exemption from the said Duties.; videlicet,

-I ft. The Stock; or Dividends of any Friendly Society, established under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies 5 provided the Property therein shall be duly claimed and proved by any Agent or Fattor on the Behalf of any such Society, or by any Member thereof, before the Commissionen for Special .Purposes appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed by this Act:

2d. The Stock or Dividends of any Corporation, Fraternity, or-Society of Persons, or of any Trust, established for charitable Purposes only,; or .which according to the Rules or Regulations, established by Act of Parliament Charter Decree Deed of Trust or Will, shall be applicable, by the said Corporations Fraternities or Societies or by any Trustee or Trustees, to charitable Purposes only, and in so Far as the same shall be applied to charitable.Purposes only; or the Stock or Dividends in the Names of any Trustees applicable to the Repairs of any Cathedral College Church or, Chapel and to no other Purpose and in so far as the same shall be applied to such Purposes, provided the Application thereof to such Purposes shall be duly proved before the Commissioners for Special Purposes appointed as aforesaid, or to be appointed under this Act, by any Agent or Factor on the Behalf of any such Corporation Fraternity or Society or Trustee or Trustees or by any of the Members.or Trustees, :

3d. The Stock or Dividends which shall have been transferred to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Sums in the Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Tearto be by them applied to 'the Reduction of the National Debt; provided that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall from Time to Time cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners for Special Purposes appointed as aforesaid or to be appointed under this Act, an Account of the total Amount of Stock which shall nave been transferred to the (aia Commissioners 2 , 4th. The Stock or Dividends transferred to the Accounts in the Booksof the Bank of England, in the Name or under the Description of the Lord High Treasurer of England or of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament; provided that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall from Time to Time cause to be transmitted to the said Commissioners for Special Purposes, an Account of the total Amount of Stock which shall have been transferred to the said respedire Accounts:

yth. The Annuities Dividends and Shares, bond side belonging to any Person not being a Subject of His Majesty, and not being resident in Great Britain or elsewhere within the Dominions of His Majesty, during such Time as the same shall continue the Property of such Person, and such Person shall not be resident in Great Britain, or elsewhere within the Dominions of His Majesty as aforesaid; provided that such Property shall be duly claimed and ascertained in the Manner herein after mentioned 2 dth. The Stock or Dividends belonging to His Majesty, in whatever Name the same may (land in the Boole* of the Bank of England; and also the Stocks or Dividends of any accredited Minister of any Foreign State resident in Great Britain 5 provided the Property thereof shall, if (landing in the Name or Names of any Trustee or Trustees, be duly proved before the Commissioners for Special Purposes by such Trustee or any One of such Trustees.

CIV. And, for the assessing and charging the said Annuities payable to the Company of the Bank of England, called Bank Stock, or to the East India Company, called East India Stock, or to the South SeM Company, called South Sea Stock, and the Profits attached thereto respectively, and also for the assessing and charging the said Annuities payable at the Exchequer commonly called Exchequer Annuities, and the Dividends and Shares of all other Annuities, payable out of the Revenue of Great Britain, which are or shall be intrusted for Payment to the Companies of the Bank of England and South Sea respectively, and also the Dividends and Shares of Annuities payable out of the Revenue of Ireland, which, are or shall be intrusted for Payment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid; Be it further Jenadled, That the respectfre Companies Corporations and Persons having the Distribution or Payment of the said several Annuities Dividends and Shares, shall from Time to Time as often as the Payments thereon shall become due deliver to the respective Commissioners appointed for the Purpose of assessing the Duties thereon as aforesaid, true and faithful Accounts

6 im

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 6$ 7°S

in Writing in Books to be provided for that Purpose, of the several Amounts of such Annuities and Profits

attached to the fame, which shall be paid to the said Companies respectively, in respect of their Corporate menu of the

Stock, and of such Dividends and Shares of Annuities as shall be entrusted to them or any of them for Payment Duty thereon,

to the Persons Corporations and Companies entitled thereto, and the Amount of Duty chargeable thereon and deliver them

at the Rate before directed, without Deduction on any Pretence whatever, except as herein is allowed, to lhe Sped*1

distlnguishing therein the separate Account or Accounts of each Person Corporation and Company, or Persons xhreecSrtifi"*

or Societies, entitled unto any Part Dividend or Share of such Annuities respectively, as the same shall stand catesthereof shall

in the Books of the said respective Companies, or at the said Exchequer, in such Manner as that the Part b« made for the

Dividend and Share of each Person Corpora ion and Company or Persons or Societies, of or to such Annuities Commissioneri,

fespectively, may be distinctly charged and assessed to the said Duty; and the said respective Commissioners Office,

shall from Time to Time make an Assessment of the Duty which shall appear to be chargeable 011 the Accounts o"the ^cheque*

so delivered to the best of their Judgement and Belief, and shall from Time to Time deliver the said Books of

Assessments (except as to Bank Stock) signed by any Two or more of them respectively, to the said Commissioners for Special Purpose9 appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners for Special

Purposes shall forthwith cause Three Certificates on Parchment to be made out, under their Hands and Seals or the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, containing the total Amounts of Duty, and of the Annuities

Dividends and Shares, whereon the said Duty shall have been charged, contained in each Assessment, together

with the proper Title or Description of the Corporation Company or Persons, having the Distribution or

intrusted with the Payment of such Annuities Dividends and Shares respectively; and they shall transmit One of such Certificates to the respective Commissioners for making such Assessments, and One other Certificate to the

Office for Taxes, for the Use of the King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, and the other thereof to the

Auditor appointed to pass the Accounts of the said Duty at the said Receipt of Exchequer.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Corporations Companies and Persons entitled unto such Such Carport-Annuities and Profits attached thereto, or intrusted with the Payment of the Annuities Dividends or Shares of tiousihail set such publick Annuities as are herein-before deferihed, shall, on Notice of the Amount of each Assessment, apart and retura from Time to Time to be made as aforesaid, (which Notices shall be given from Time to Time, as and when Su, n# auefled. the Annuities Dividends and Shares aforesaid shall become payable, and before Payment thereof) let apart and retain the Amount of Duty so assessed for the Purposes of this Act; and every such setting apart and retaining of the said Duties shall be deemed a Payment thereof by and on the Behalf of the Persons Corporations and Companies entitled unto the said Annuities Dividends and Shares respectively; and all and every the Persons Corporations and Companies entitled to such Annuities, or Profits attached thereto, or to any Part thereof, or to such Dividends or Shares of Annuities as aforesaid, are hereby required on Receipt of the Residue of the said Annuities Profits Dividends apd Shares, over and above the Duty so assessed, to allow such Payments at the Rate before prescribed in respect of the said Assessments; and the Corporations and Persons having the Distribution of such Annuities or entrusted with such Payments, shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged of so much Money as if the same had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to whom such Annuities Profits Dividends and Shares did or might belong, or were by Law payable.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies so set apart at the Bank of England, East India or South Monie* fofc*

Sea Houses, as before directed, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Account to be kept at the Bank of the

England with the Commissioners of the Treasury, as herein after directed, accompanied with a Certificate of Bank of England the Amount of the Assessment under which the same shall be so paid under the Hands of Two or more of the on Account of Commissioners making such Assessment; and the said Governor and Company shall also cause the Amount of Tre., kirjr, such Assessment as shall from Time to Time be charged on the Trading Profits of the said Company, to be paid; , nrf into the said Account, together with or distin£l from any other Monies before directed to be paid into the said Account by the said Governor and Company, as they shall choose; and the Monies so paid into the said on Account at the Bank of England shall be liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money herein after directed to be Account of paid to any Persons Corporations Companies or Societies, on account of any Exemptions from the said Duty Exemptions, claimed and allowed before and by the said Commissioners for Special Purposes as herein directed 5 and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be allowed to retain in their Hands from Time to Time so much of the said Monies as shall have been, or shall from Time to Time be certified to them by the said Commissioners for Special Purposes to be necessary to satisfy such Exemptions, according to the best Estimate -

they shall be enabled from Time to Time to make of the Amount thereof, and the Residue of the said Monies so paid to the said Account shall be paid from Time to Time into the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the Account of Duties charged by this Act.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in respect of any of the Annuities Dividends and Dividcndi Shares of Annuities, chargeable under Schedule (C.) by the respective Commissioners for those Purposes^ it underos. shall shall not be required to make an Assessment by them for any Amount or Payment, where the Half-yearly be charged. Payment on such Annuities Dividends or Shares, would or shall not amount to Twenty Shillings; but that the Annuities Dividends and Shares, whereof the Half yearly Payment shall not amount to Twenty-Shillings, shall be assessed accounted for and charged under the Third Ride*of Schedule (D.) by which Profits of an uncertain.*Q/#, ry t\e annual Value are directed to be charged: Provided also, that no Person shall be required to return any State- c*fr. See § tix. ment of the Profits of such A nnuities Dividends or Shares, as shall be assessed as aforesaid, or be liable to any Penalty for not returning the fame; hut all such Dividends and Shares, whereof the Half yearly Payment shall not amount to Twenty Shillings, and which shall be paid without Assessment, shall be duly returned in the Manner before directed, under the Penalty before contained.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person (other than the Governor and Company of the Bank Personjentrufte/ of England) intrusted with the Payment of Annuities, or any Dividends or Shares of Annuities payable out of ", lh lnc^46 Geo. III. 4 X the '1

706

or Colonial Dividend* to Person* in G. B. shall deliver Accounts thereof to the Tax Office, on Notice in ihe. Gazette.

Special Commi'i one's (half make Assessment theicon.

Persons so rntrolltd shall be anfsverable for Payment cf Duties, Penalty jool. and the Duly.

Interest on Securities issued tithe Exchequer, Navy, or other public Office, shall be charged under Schedule' (C)by Commissioners or the Office where payable.

Purchascrt of tfuefe Securities may deduct the Dury.

Claims of Exemption from said Duties on DividcNcU shall be m »dc to the Special Commissioner* according Jo the following Rub a.

C. 6j. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1808.

the Publick Revenue of Ireland, or of any Colony or Settlement belonging to the_ Crown of the United Kingdom, to any Person or Persons Corporations or Companies in Great Britain, or acting therein as Agent or in any other Character before described, shall, without further Notice or Demand thereof, deliver or cause to be delivered into the Office for Taxes at Somerset House Middlesex, an Account in Writing containing their Names and Residence, and a Description of the Annuities Dividends and Scares entrusted to them for Payment, within One Calendar Month after the same shall have been required by Publick Notice in the London Gazette; and also shall, on Demand by the inspector authorized for that Purpose by any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, deliver or cause to be delivered to him for the Use of the said Special Commissioners, true and perfect Accounts of the Amount of Annuities Dividends and Shares payable by them respectively, and the Special Commissioners aforesaid shall make an Assessment thereon under Schedule fC.) at the Rate before prefenbed, subject to Diminution on Occasion of any Exemptions to be allowed by the said Special Commissioners, giving Notice of the Amount thereof to the respective Persons entrusted with such last mentioned Payments, who shall respectively pay the Duty on the said Annuities Dividends and Shares at the Rate before described, on Behalf of the Persons Corporations and Companies entitled unto the fame, out of the Monies in their Hands; and they shall be acquitted of such Payments in like Manner, and the like Proceedings in all Respects shall be had under the said Special Commissioners as is before directed in respect of Annuities payable out of the Publick Revenue of Great Britain: Provided always, that the Persons entrusted with such Payments shall from Time to Time pay the Duty so assessed thereon into the Bank of England, to the Account to bp kept at the Bank of England as aforesaid, with the Commissioners of the Treasury, and shall be answerable for such Payment 5 and which Duty so assessed shall, in Default of such Payment, be recoverable against the Persons entrusted with such Payments, as other Duties charged on the Parties may be recovered against them 5 and if any Person or Persons entrusted with the Payment of any such last mentioned Annuities, or any Dividends or Shares thereof, in the Manner herein-mentioned, or acting therein as Agent, or in any other Character herein described, shall neglect or refuse to deliver an Account of his Name and Residence in the Manner herein directed, or after demand fnalT neglect or refuse to deliver an Account as aforesaid of the Amount of such Annuities Dividends and Shares as he or they is or are entrusted with the Payment of, or in the Payment of which he or they shall act as Agent, or in any other Character herein described, be or they shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds over and above the Duty chargeable on such Annuities Shares or Dividends.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That any Interest payable out of the Publick Revenue on Securities which shall be issued at the Exchequer, Navy, or other Publick Office, after the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act, by whatever Names such Securities shall be called, shall hi charged to the said Duties, under the Rules contained in Schedule (C.) by the Commissioners for assessing the Profits of Offices in the said Exchequer, Navy, or other Office aforesaid, at which the same shall be made payable, which said Commissioners respectively shall execute this Act, in relation to the Profits /ifing from such Securities, in like Manner as Commissioners for the General Purposes of this Act are empowered to assess the Profits arising from Annuities payable out of the Publick Revenue in other Cases, and the said Commissioners for Offices respectively shall appoint Assessors and Collectors of the said Duties arising from such Publick Securities from and amongst the Officers entrusted with the Payment or Discharge of such Securities, who shall respectively at the Time of Payment or Discharge thereof, compute the Duty thereon, and after such Computation shall enter the same in a Certificate of Assessment, and certify the same to the proper Officer appointed for the Payment or Discharge of such Security, which Officer and Officers is and are hereby empowered to flop and detain the fd: d Duty, and to pay the lame into His Majesty's Exchequer, in Discharge of such Assessment; and every Person receiving or purchasing any such Security in Circulation, with current Interest thereon, shall be entitled, and is hereby empowered to deduct from such Interest the Proportion of Duty which ivill become chargeable thereon, in like Manner and under the like Powers and Penalties as may be done in other Cases of Payment of Interest, and as if such current Interest was then due and charged to the said Duty; and the like Computation and Assessment shall fce made whenever a new Security shall be issued in Discharge of any former Security with Interest, or in Discharge of Interest due on any former Security, and the Person or Persons. receiving such new Security in Exchange for any former Security with Interest, or for such Interfcft, shall pay to the proper Officer at the Time of receiving such new Security the full Duty computed on the Interest payable on the said former Security.

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Claims to the Exemptions from the said Duties or Annuities payable out of the Revenue of Great Britain, shall be made to the Special Commissioners appointed or to be appointed as afor. said, according to the following Rules; videlicet,

First. — Every Claim shall be made in Writing, in such Form as the said Commissioners for Special Purposes shall direct, and the said Commissioners shall require the same to be verified on the Affidavit of such Person or Persons as they shall think necessary, such Affidavit to be made as before directed in all Cases cognizable before the said Commissioners, and they shall have Authority to demand and require, from such Person or Persons as they shall think proper to be examined touching such Claim, true Answers upon Oath, to be made as before directed, to all such Questions as they shall tnink material in such Claim:

Second. — Whenever the said Commissioners for Special Purposes, or any Two or more of them, shall have allowed any such Exemption, they shall certify the same to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the Certificates of the said Commissioners for Special Purposes shall be an Authority to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay the Amount of the Sums so certified to the respective Claimants, or to the Attornies and Agents who shall have been authorized to receive the fail Annuities Dividends and Shares on Behalf of the said Claimants:

46° GEORGII III.

C. .65,

7 °7

Third. — Whenever the Stock for which any Exemption as aforesaid shall have been obtained, or any Part thereof shall be transferred or assigned to any Person or Persons Corporation Company or Society whatever, the said Exemptions shall cease: Provided always, that where the Whole of such Stock or Interest therein shall not be so transferred or assigned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on such Proof as is hereinbefore required on like Application for that Purpose, to grant a Tike Certificate for the Purpose of exempting the Remainder of such Stock, and so from Time to Time, so long as any Part of the said Stock shall continue to be entitled to the said Exemption:

Fourth. — The said Commissioners for Special Purposes shall from Time to Time cause Certificates to be made of the Amount of all Exemptions so allowed by them, and to be delivered to the Ring's Remembrancer.and the said Auditor in Discharge of the Certificates of Assessment before directed, and all such Certificates shall be admitted at the said Receipt of Exchequer in Discharge of such AlTeflrnents, and shall be an Acquittal to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for all Payments made under the Authority of such Certificates.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, with Intention to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, falsely or fraudulently make any Claim to be exempted either in his or her own Behalf, or any other, from the Duty charged on such Annuities, or any Dividends or Shares thereof, contrary to the Intent of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and if such Claims shall be made by any Person in his or her own Behalf, he or she shall moreover be liable to be assessed in Treble the Duty to be charged on the said Annuities and Shares at the Rate before prescribed.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty hereby granted, including the Duty contained in the Schedule marked (D.) as herein recited, and the said additional Duties, shall be assessed and charged in one Sum under the following Rules, which Rules shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, and to refer to the said last mentioned Duty, as if the same had been insertea under a special Enactment.

Penalty on Persons making fraudulentClaita of Exemption, 500U and treble Duty.

Rules for asselP ing Duries ip Schedule (D.) deemed Part of this Act.

SCHEDULE (D.)

The said last mentioned Duty shall extend to every Description of Property or Profits, which shall not be Such Duties dull contained in either of the said Schedules (A.WB.) or (C.) and to every Description of Employment of «t*nd to all Profit not contained in Schedule (E.) ind not specially exempted from the said respective Duties, and shall be charged annually on and paid by the Person or Persons Bodies Politick or Corporate Fraternities Fellow- schSu^A^B. ships Companies or Societies whether Corporate or not Corporate* receiving or entitled unto the fame, his c. or E. her or their Executors Administrators Successors and Assigns respectively.

Rules for ascertaining the said last mentioned Duties in the particular Cases herein mentioned*

Rules for afeer-raining Duties

First Case. — Duties to be charged in respect of any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern in the Nature of 00 Trade, Trade not contained in any other Schedule of this Act.

RULES.

Tft. The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed on a Sum not less than the full Amount of the On Average of Balance of the Profits or Gains of such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern upon a fair and just Three Years. Average of Three Years, ending on such Day of the Year immediately preceding the Year of Assessment on which the Accounts of the said Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, shall have been usually made up, or on the Fifth Day of April preceding the Year of Assessment, and shall be assessed charged and paid without other Deduction than is herein after allowed; Provided always, that in Cases where the Trade Manufacture Or One Year If Adventure or Concern, shall have been set up and commenced within the said Period of Three Years, it comment <1 shall be lawful to make the Computation for One Year on the Average of the Balance of the Profits and ^, h, n Three Gains from the Period of first setting up the fame: Provided also, that in Cases where the Trade Manufacture ear*1 Adventure or Concern shall have been let up and commenced within the Year of Assessment, it shall be lawful Car^wlihin to make the Computation according to the Rule in the Sixth Case of this Schedule. 1 the yI.

#d. — The said Duty shall extend to every Person or Persons Bodies Politick or Corporate Fraternities jo whom the Fellowships Companies or Societies, and to every Art Mystery Adventure or Concern carried on by Aem Duty extends, respectively in Great Britain or elsewhere as aforesaid; except always such Adventures or Concerns on or about Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, as are mentioned in Schedule (A.) and directed to be therein charged.

3d. — In estimating the Balauce of Profits and Gains chargeable under Schedule (D.) or for the Purpose of Dedufliont assessing the Duty thereon, no Sum or Sums shall be let against or deducted from, or allowed to be set which shall against or deducted from, such Profits or Gains, on Account of any Sums expended for Repairs of Premises nul allowed# occupied for the Purpose of such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern nor foe any Sum expended by them for the Supply or Repairs or Alterations of any Implements or Utensils or Articles employed for the R«P*r* heyond Purpose of such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, beyond the Sum usually expended for suchterl in Purposes according to an Average of Three Years preceding the Year in which such Assessment shall be ver'*e# made; nor on Account of Loss not connected with or arising out of such Trade Manufacture Adventure or prjVate Loflex. Concern 5 nor on Account of any Capital withdrawn therefrom 5 nor for any Sums employed or intended to Capital, be employed as Capital in such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern 5 nor for any Capital employed in iffiprov*«n«oti. Improvement of Premises occupied far the Purposes of such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern \ nor

708

Interest.

Debts.

Loffe* in Trade, lafurance.

Interest

payable, except to Foreigners.

Profeftionv.

To wfnt the Duty shall extend.

Computation of Duty on the preceding Year.

Rules 3 and of the Fi?ft Case extended to this.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

on Account or under Pretence of any Interest which might have been made on such Sums if laid out at Interest; nor for any Debts, except nich Debts, or such Parts thereof as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners respectively, to be irrecoverable and desperate; nor for any Average Loss beyond the actual Amount of Loss after Adjustment; nor for any Sum recoverable under an Insurance or Contract of Indemnity.

4th. — In estimating the Amount of the Profits and Gains arising as aforesaid, no Deduction shall be made on Account of any annual Interest, or any Annuity or other annuel Payment payable out of such Profits or Gains, except the Interest of Debts due to Foreigners not resident in Great Britain, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions.

Second Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Professions Employments or Vocations, not contained in any other Schedule of this Act-

RULES.

1 ft. — The said Duty on Employments shall be construfed to extend to every Employment, by Retainer in'an* Chafafter whatever, whether such Retainer shall be annual, or for a longer or shorter Period; and to all Profits and Earnings of whatever Value, subject only to such Exemptions and Allowances as are herein after granted; '

2d. — The Duty to be charged shall be computed at a Sum not less than the full Amount of the Balance of the Brofits Gains and Emoluments of such Professions Employments or Vacations (after making such Deductions, and no other, as by this Act are allowed) within the preceding Year, ending as in the First Case, to be paid on the actual Amount of such Profits or Gains, without any Deduction, subject to the like Fractions as are made in the First Case in respect of the Period of Average, in the Cases of setting up and commencing such Profession Employment or Vocation within the Period herein limited:

3d — The Third and Fourth Rules in the First Case, shall also extend to the Profits arising under the Second Case, as far as they are applicable.

Deductions not to be allowed either on Fifft or Second Cases.

Duty on Trade, dee. carried on by One Person, Qiall be exclusive gf Profits of Lands, &c. Partners shall be charged jointly: unless in certain Cases When they declare their respective Shares: Return shall he made by the first acting Partner resident in Great Britain; or if none, by an Agept

Returns by junior Partners, m certain Cases*

RULES applying to both the preceding Cases.

I ft. — In estimating the Balance of the Profits or Gains to be charged according to either of the First or Second Cases, no Sum or Sums shall be set against or deducted from, or allowed to be set against or deducted from, such Profits or Gains for any Disbursements or Expences whatever, not being Money wholly and exclusively laid out or expended for the Purposes of such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or of such Profession Employment or Vocation; nor for any Disbursements or Expences of Maintenance of the Parties, their Families or Establishments; nor for Rent or Value of any Dwelling-house or domestic Offices, or any Part of such Dwelling-house or domestic Offices, except such Part thereof as may be used for the Purposes of such Trade or Concern, not exceeding the Proportion of the said Rent or Value herein after* mentioned; nor for any Sum expended in any other domestic or private Purposes, distinct from the Purposes of such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or of such Profession Employment or Vocation:

2d. — The Computation of the Duty to be charged in respect of any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or any Profession whether carried on by any Person singly or by any One or more Persons jointly, or by any Corporation Company Fraternity or Society shall be made exclusive of the Profits or Gains arising from Lands Tenements or Hereditaments occupied for the Purpose of such Profession Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern:

3d. - The Computation of Duty arising in respect of any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or any Profession, carried on by Two or more Persons jointly, shall be made and dated jointly and in One Sum, ana Separately and distinctly from any other Duty chargeable on the same Persons, or either or any of them; and the, Return of the Partner who shall be first named in the Deed Instrument or other Agreement of Copattnership (or where there shall be no such Deed Instrument or Agreement, then of the Partner who shall be named singly, or\vith Precedence to the other Partner or Partners, in the usual Name Stile or Firm of such Copartnership, or where such precedent Partner shall not be an acting Partner, then of the precedent acting Partner) and who shall be resident in Great Britain (and who is hereby reauired under the Penalty, herein contained for Default in making any Return required by this Act to make such Return on Behalf of himself and the other Partner or Partners, whose Names and Residences shall also be declared in such Return) shall be sufficient Authority to charge such Partners jointly: Provided always, that where no such Partner shall be resident in Great Britain, then the Statement mail be prepared and delivered by their Agent Manager or Factor resident in Great Britain, jointly for such Partners; and such joint Assessments shall be made in the Partnership Name Stile Firm or Description $ and no Separate Statement shall be allowed in any Case of Partnership, except for the Purposes of the Partners Separately claiming an Exemption or Allowance as herein directed, or of accounting for separate Concerns; provided that if any Partners bring entitled to be charged at different Rates, or to any Exemption or Allowance, shall declare the Proportions of their respective Shares in such Profession or Concern, in order to a separate Assessment for the above Purpose, it shall be lawful to charge them Separately and respectively at the Rate which such Proportions shall be chargeable with, by virtue of this Act; but if no such Claim be made, then such Assessment shall be made jointly, according to the Amount of the Profits and Gains of such Partnership 2 Provided also, that any joint Partner in such Profession or Concern, which shall have been already returned by such precedent Partner, as aforesaid, may return his Name and Place of Abode, and that he is such Partner, without returning the

Amount

709

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORG IJ III.

C. 65.

On Change in

Partner (hrpt, Duty shall be charged on the Profits antecedent to the Change; unless in case of specific Diminution.

Duties shall be charged in One Division, except in case of different Concerns.

Statements by Trustees, Officers) &c. shall include all Sources chargeable.

Amount of Duty "payable in respect thereof, unless the Commissioners respectively shall think proper to require further Returns, jn which Case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to require from every such Partner the like Returns, and the like Information and Evidence as they are hereby entitled to require from the Partner making the Return of Duty:

4th. — If amongst any Persons engaged in any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or in any Profession in Partnership together, any Change shall take place in any such Partnership, either by Death or Dissolution of Partnership as to all or any of the Partners, or by admitting any other Partner therein before the Time of making the Assessment, or within the Period for which the Assessment ought to be made under this AIT; or if any Person shall have succeeded to any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or any Profession within such respective Periods as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners, and they and also the Party or Parties interested, and every Office* acting in the Execution of this AIT, shall compute and ascertain the Duty payable in respect of such Partnership, orany of such Partners, or any Person succeeding to such Profession Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, according to the Profits and Gains of such Business derived during the respective Periods herein mentioned, notwithstanding such Change therein or Succession to such Business as aforesaid, unless such Partners or Partner, or such Person succeeding to such Business as aforesaid, shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners, that the Profits and Gains of such Business have fallen short or will fall short from some specificR Cause, to be alleged to them, since such Change or Succession took place, or by reason thereof:

5th.--Every Statement of Profits to be charged under this Schedule, shall include all and every Source and Sources so chargeable on the Person or Persons delivering the same on his or their own Account, or on account of any other Person or Persons 5 and every Person shall be chargeable in respect of the Whole of such Duties in one and the same Division, and by the same Commissioners (except in Cases where the same Person shall be engaged in different Partnerships, or the same Person or Persons shall be engaged in different Concerns relating to Trade or Manufacture in divers Places, in each of which Cases a separate Assessment shall be made in respect of each Concern at the Place where such Concern if singly carried on ought to be charged as herein directed) 5 and every such Statement on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, for which such Person or Persons shall be chargeable as acting in any of the Characters before described, or on the Behalf of any Corporation Fellowship Fraternity Company or Society, shall include all and every Source and Sources chargeable as last aforesaid, and shall be delivered in that Division where such Person or Persons Corporations Fellowships Fraternities Companies or Societies would be chargeable, if acting on his her or their own Behalf

Third Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Profits of an uncertain annual Value not charged in Schedule (A.)

jfT — The Duty to be charged in respect thereof shall be computed at a Sum not less than the full Amount of Computation of the Profits or Gains arising therefrom within the preceding Year, ending as in the First Case, to be paid on j^"^" the alTual Amount of such Profits or Gains, without any Deduction:

2d. — The Profits on all Securities bearing Interest, payable out of the Public Revenue (except Securities On Interest, not before directed to be charged under the Rules of Schedule (C.) and on all Discounts, and on all Interest of being annual* Money, not being annual Interest payable or paid by any Persons whatever, shall be charged according to the preceding.Rule in this Case 2 3d. — Whenever the Commissioners shall, on Examination, find that any Lands occupied by a Dealer in Cattle, On Dealer* in or by a Dealer in or Seller of Milk, v which Lands shall hive been estimated and charged on the Rent or Cattle, and anpual Value), are not sufficient for the Keep and Sustenance of the Cattle brought on the said Lands, so Seilers of M Ik. that the Rent or annual Value of the said Lands cannot afford a just Eliimate of the Profits of such Dealer, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require a Return of such Profits, and to charge such further Sum thereon, as, together with the Charge in respect of the Occupation of the said Lands, shall make up the full Sum. wherewith such Trader ought to be charged in respect of the like Amount of Profits charged according to the First Rule in this Case.

Fourth Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of Interest arising from Securities in Ireland, or in the Compulation of British Plantations in America, or in any Other of His Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain and Duty from Foreign Securities, except such Annuities Dividends and Shares, payable out of the Revenue of Ireland, i^n'd^Lc! as are directed to be charged under Schedule (C.) of this Act.

The Duty to be charged in respdT thereof shall be computed on a Sum not less than the whole and just Sum On the Remit! and Sums (so far as the same can be computed) which have been or will be received in Great Britain in the" lhc carreut current Year, without any Deduction or Abatement. car*

Fifth Case — The Duty to be charged in respclT of Possessions in Ireland, or in the British Plantations in Du^tom" America, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions out of Great Britain, and Foreign Possessions. Possession* in

The Duty to be charged in rrfpelT thereof shall be computed at not less than the full Amount of the alTual Avcra*V

Sums annually received in Great Britain, cither for Remittances from thence payable in Great Britain, or R'.mits oi yhree from Property imported from thence into Great Britain, or from Money or Value received in Great Britain, preceding Years* and arising from Property which shall not have been imported into Great Britain, or from Money or Value so received on Credit or on Account in respect of such Remittances Property Money or Value, brought or to be brought into Great Britain, computing the same on an Average of the Three preceding Years, as directed in thrFiift Case, without Deduction, or Abatement,

Sixth

710

CoTipuU'ioa of Duty oa undcscribed Profits.

- On Annunl Rcoeipu, &Ci

Persons carrying on Two or mot c Concerns may set the Lor* fullained in One against the Piofirs acquired in the ocher*

Duty charged ©n all annual Interest not r her wife — Charged; and the Payment thereof provided for by the Mode of Deduction by the Party paying 4bch Interest.

lEttept on

Foreign Securities, Stc.

Infrcft secured on Rare* shall be charged on the Officer managing the Accounts.

Penalty on Persons rcfiiTing to allow the Deductions out of Interest, or Deb: t, Treble the Principal-

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Sixth Case. — The Duty to be charged in respect of any annual Profits or Gains not falling under any of the foregoing Rules, and not charged say virtue of any of the other Schedules contained in this Act.

The Nature of such Profits or Gains, and the Grounds on which the Amount thereof shall have been computed, and the Average taken thereon (if anyl, shall be stated to the Commissioners, and the Computation shall be made either on the Amount of the full Value of the Profits and Gains received annually, orr according to an Average of such Period greater or less than one Year as the Case may require, and as shall be directed by the said Commissioners; and such Statement and Computation- shall be made to the bed of the Knowledge and Belief of the Person or Persons in receipt of the fame, or entitled thereto.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain any Person or Persons carrying on, either solely or in Partnership, Two or more distinct Trades Manufactures Adventures or Concerns in the Nature of Trade, the Profits whereof are made chargeable under the Rules of Schedule (D.), from deducing or setting against the Profits acquired in One or more of the said Concerns, the Excess of the Loss or Losses sustainea in any other of the said Concerns over and above the Profits thereof, in such Manner as may be done under this Act where a Loss shall be deducted from the Profits of the same Concern, or to restrain any of such Persons from making separate Statements thereof; or to rest rain any such Person or Persons renting a Dwelltng-house. Part whereof shall be used by him her or them for the Purposes of any Trade or Concern or any Profession hereby charged from deducing or setting off from the Profits of such Trade Concern or Profession such Sum not exceeding Two Third Parts of the Rent bona fide paid for such Dwelling-house with the Appurtenances as the said respective Commissioners shall on due fconsideration allow; and the respective Commissioners shall have Authority to allow such Deductions as in Other Cases, and to assess such Penon or Persons accordingly.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon all Annuities yearly Interest of Money or other annual Payments, whether such Payments shall be payable, within or out of Great Britain, either as a Charge on any Property of the Person or Persons paying the same by virtue of any Deed or Will or otherwise or as a Reservation thereout, or as a Personal Debt or Obligation by virtue of any Contract, or whether the same shall be received and payable Half Yearly, or at any shorter or more distant Periods, there shall be charged for every Twenty Shillings of the Annual Amount thereof the Sum of Two Shillings without Deduction according to and under and uibjed to the Provisions by which the Duty in the Third Case of Schedule (D.) may be charged; provided that in every Case where the feme shall be payable out of Profits or Gains brought into Charge by virtue of this Act, no Assessment shall be made upon the Person entitled to such Annuity Interest or other Annual Payment, but the Whole of such Profits or Gains shall be charged with Duty on the Person liable to such Annual Payment without distinguishing such Annual Payment, and the Person so liable to make such Annual Payment, whether out of the Profits or Gains charged with Duty, or out of any Annual Payment liable to Deduction, or from which a Deduction hath been made, shall be authorized to dedud out of such Annual Payment at the Rate of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount thereof, (except where the Payment is to be made in respect of any Annuity or Annuities described in the Schedule of Particulars herein after set forth, and the Party shall produce a Certificate of Exemption or Allowance as herein-before is mentioned, authorizing a Deduction at a lower Rate, or exempting the Payment on such Deduction), and the Person or Persons to whom such Payments are to be made as are liable to Deduction (except such Annuities as aforesaid, to an Amount subject to Exemption or Allowance) shall allow such Deduction, at the full Rate of Duly hereby directed to be charged, upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Money, and under the Penalty herein after contained, and the Person charged to the said Duties, having made such Deduction, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as such Deduction shall amount unto. as if the Amount thereof had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to whom such Payment shall have been due and payable } and the Person or JPersons, to whom such Annuities fubied to Allowance* are to be paid, shall allow such Deduction as remains to be made after granting the Allowance before authorized upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Annuity under the like Indemnity as aforesaid 5 but in every Case where any annual Payment as aforesaid shall, by reason of the feme being charged on any Property or Security in Ireland, or in the British Plantations, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or on any Foreign Property or Foreign Security, or otherwise, be received or receivable without any such Deduction as aforesaid, and in every Case where any such Payment shall be made from Profits or Gains not charged by this Act, or where any Interest of Money shall not be reserved or charged or payable for the Period of One Year, then and in every such Case there shall be charged upon such Interest Annuity or other annual Payment as aforesaid, the Duty before mentioned, according to and under and subject to the several and respective Provisions by which the Duty in the Third Case of Schedule (D.) may be charged: Provided always, that where any Creditor on any Rates or Assessments not chargeable by tins Ad as Profits shall be entitled to such Interest, it shall be lawful to charge the proper Officer having the Management of the Accounts with the Duty payable oit such Interest, and every such Officer shall be answerable for doing all Acts Matters and Things necessary to a due Assessment of the said Duties and Payment thereof as if such Rates or Assessments were Profits chargeable under this Act, and such Officer shall bq in like Manner indemnified for all such Acts as if the said Rates and Assessments were chargeable.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refule to allow any Deduction authorized to be made by this Act out of any Payment of annual Interest of Money lent or other Debt bearing annual Interest, whether the same be secured by Mortgage or otherwise, shall forfeit for every such Offence Treble the Value of such Principal Money or Debt $ and if any Person shall refuse to allow any Deduction authorized to be made by this Act out of any Rent or other annual Payment mentioned in the Ninth and Tenth Rules of No. IV.

Schedule

C. 65* 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806. 7

Schedule (A.)#, or out of any Annuity or annual Payment mentioned in Schedule* (C.) or (E.) or in the [* } 74-1 next preceding Clause save such annual Interest as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty rn other Cases Pounds; and all Contrafts Covenants and Agreements made or entered into or to be made or entered into 50l. for Payment of any Interest Rent or other annual Payment aforesaid in full, without allowing such Deduction as aforesaid, shall be utterly void.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the dud respective Dfdotfions cm Commissioners acting for the Purposes of this Act in the District where any Person making the Application P«ym*nl shall reside, that any Interest of Money Annuity or other annual 'Payment shall be annually paid out of the Annuitant of Profits and Gains bond side accounted for and charged by virtue of this Act at the Rate and according to the profits charged Rules specified in Schedule (D.), without any Deduction on Account thereof, it shall be lawful for such uoderSehed.(D.) Commissioners to grant a Certificate thereof, under their Hands or the Hands of any Two of them, in such by

Form as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, which Certificate shall entitle the Person so assessed, Certificate* upon Payment of such Interest Annuity or other annual Payment, to abate and deduct £0 much thereof as a f(, c t^ec* like Rate on such Interest Annuity or other annual Payment would amount unto; and all Persons to whom Commissioneie* such Interest Annuity or other annual Payment shall be paid, shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of such Interest Annuity or other annual Payment; and the Person or Persons paying the same shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as a like Rate thereon would amount unto, as if the same had actually been paid unto the Person or Persons to whom such Interest Annuity or other annual Payment, shall have bee . due and payable; provided no such Certificate shall be required where such Payments are to be made out of the Profits or Gains arifiBg from Lands Tenement* Hereditaments or Heritages as before-mentioned, or of any Office or Employment of Profit, or out of any Annuity Pension Stipend or any Dividend or Share in such public Annuities as are herein mentioned; but such Deductions may be made without having obtained such Certificate.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person, being a Householder (except Persons engaged in A*. wjj*rany Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or any Profession Employment or Vocation) shall be charged to the said last mentioned Duties by Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where his or her Dwelling ciwrgtd* House shall be situate; and all and every Person or Persons engaged in any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or any Profession Employment or Vocation, shall be chargeable by the respective Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern shall be carried on, or where fuel: Profession Employment or Vocation shall be exercised, whether such Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern shall be carried on, or such Profession Employment or Vocation shall be exercised wholly, or in Part only, in Great Britain, or whether such Person or Persons shall be engaged in One only or more of such Concerns, except where the same Person or Persons shall be engaged in different Concerns, and a Loss from One Concern shall be set off or deducted from the Profits of another Concern; and every Person not being a Householder, nor engaged in any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, nor in any Profession Employment or Vocation, who shall have any Place of ordinary Residence, shall be charged by the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where he or (hp shall ordinarily reside; and every Person, not herein-before described, shall be charged by the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Person shall reside at the Time of beginning to execute this Act by giving such general Notices as are herein mentioned, or shall first come to reside after the Time for giving such general Notices; and every such Charge made in such Parish or Place shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding the subsequent Removal of the Person so charged from the Parish or Place; and, in order that the Place where the said last mentioned Duties are to* be charged may be Declaration shall ascertained, every Person is hereby required, on the Delivery of any List or Statement as aforesaid, at the bcy

same Time to deliver a Declaration in Writing signed by him or her declaring in what Place he or she is p^hrre h«° chargeable, and whether he or she is engaged in any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or in any if chaigeabk. Profession Employment or Vocation, or not, and if he or she shall be so engaged in any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or any Profession Employment or Vocation, also declaring the Place or Places where llie same shall be earned on or exercised, and the particular Concern Profession or Employment in which he (he or they shall be engaged in such Place in Great Briain, whether wholly in Great Britain, or in Part only as. aforesaid'; provided, that where any Trade shall be earned on in Great Britain by the Manufacture of Goods Wares or Merchandize, the Assessment thereon shall be at the Place of Manufacture, although the Sales of such Goods Wares or Merchandize shall be elsewhere: Provided always, that every Person not being engaged* C*rcs n( in any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern, or in any Profession Employment or Vocation, having Two not

or more Houses or Places at which he or she shall be ordinarily resident, shall be charged at such of the Parishes Trade having or Places wherein the said Dwelling House is situate in which he or she shall be o "

Time of beginning to execute this Act in relation to the said last mentioned Duties Notices as are herein mentioned, or in which he or she shall first come ordinarily to general Notices: Provided always, that the Duty to be assessed by virtue of this Act, or Gains arising from Possessions or Securities in Ireland upon any Person resident in Great Britain as aforesaid Po^ns in (except the Profits and Gains arising from public Annuities Dividends and Shares of Annuities payable out of Ireland fh the Revenue of Ireland to any Persons Corporations or Companies in Great Britain, for which other Provisions aflVflVri in Grr.it are herein made, and which l)uty shall have been assessed ana charged according to the said Provisions) may be where

dated to and assessed by the respective Commissioners acting for the respective Places where the Persons receiving, '*

or entitled unto the fame, shall reside; and if the same shall be received by any Agent Attorney or Factor, such re cn '

Agent Attorney or Factor shall make such Return of the Name and Place of Abode of the Person entitled thereto as is herein required to be made of other Persons of full Age resident in Great Britain, or if not of full Age shall be answerable for doing all Act* Matters and Things, as shall be required by this Act to be done in

2 order

rdmarily resident at the Two Residrme*, by giving such general lb« Duties shall reside after giving such be ch; , ^cd , Q in respect of the Profits -nc, on

712

Officer* of State, ice. for Ireland, resident in Great Britain, shall he chaigr-able as Subjects resident out of Great Britain. (See 4* G. 3. c. 161. Schedule L.) Ptofi: s of Foreign or Colonial Possessions or Securities may be a(ft (Ted in London, Bristol, Liverpool, or Glasgow, according to Importations or Remittances.

Statements shall be delivered at each Place of Rclirience.

Profitr.chargeable under Schedule (D.) may be delivered under Seal.

Additional Commissioners shall consider Statements under Schedule D. and make Assessments on such as are satisfactory.

When such Statement is elifsatisfactory to Surveyors, ice. a Case shall be ilated to General Commissioners, and Assessment made according to their Opinion.

In default of Statement, additional Commissioners may make an Assessment according to their Judgment.

Subject to Appeal.

Additional Commissioners may refer Statements to General Commissioners before making A lie Aments,

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

order to the assessing such Profits to the said last mentioned Ditties, and paying the fame: Provided also, that the respective Persons holding Offices in Ireland, or ferying in Parliament, who shall or may be exempted from any Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, under the like Circumstances under which such Exemptions are to be claimed, be chargeable to the Duties under this Act in like Manner only as Subjects of His Majesty residing out of Great Britainx Provided also, that the Duty to be assessed by virtue of this Act in respect of the Profits or Gains arising from Foreign Possessions or foreign Securities, or in the British Plantations in Slmerica, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, may be dated to and assessed by the respective Commissioners acting for the respective Places herein after mentioned; videlicet, London, Bristol, Liverpool, and GlasgoWy according to the Regulations herein after mentioned, as if such Duty had been assessed upon the Profits or Gains arising from Trade or Manufacture carried on in such Places respectively; and such Duty shall be dated to and assessed and charged by the Commissioners acting for such of the said Places at or neared to which such Property shall have been fird imported into Great Britain, or at or neared to which the Person who shall have received such Remittances Money or Value from thence and arising from Property not imported as aforesaid shall reside; and in Default of the Owner or Proprietor thereof being charged, the Trudee Agent or Receiver of such Profits or Gains, shall be charged for the lame, and shall be answerable for the doing all such Acts Matters and Things, as shall be required by this Act to be done, in order to the assessing such Profits to the Duties granted by this Act, and paying the fame, whether the Person or Persons to whom the said Profits belong shall be resident in Great Britain or not.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person having Two Rcfidences, or carrying on any Trade or Trades or exercising any Profession or Professions in different Places, or in any Place different from the Place of his or her ordinary Residence, shall, if required by the respective Commissioners, deliver at each such Parish or Place the like Lids Declarations and Statements as he or she is hereby required to deliver in the Parish or Place where such Person ought to be charged, but shall not be liable to any double Charge by Reason thereof; and all Lids Declarations and Statements containing the Amount of Profits chargeable under Schedule (D.) shall or may be delivered sealed up, if superferibed with the Name, and Place of Abode of or Place of exercising the Profession or carrying on Trade by the Person by whom the same shall have been made, to the respective Persons, and in Manner herein directed

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Statements of Profits and Gains described in Schedule (D.) shall be laid before the several and respective additional Commissioners in their respective Districts, or the Commissioners /or General Purposes acting as additional Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, who shall appoint Meetings within their respective Districts, for taking all Statements then and from Time to Time to be delivered to them into Consideration, within a reasonable Time after the Inspector or Surveyor shall have had the Examination of such Statements; and in case the said additional Commissioners respectively shall be satisfied that any such Statement hath been boa t side made according to the Provisions of this Act, andfo as to enable the Commissioners to charge the Person or Persons returning the same with the full Duties with which he (he or they ought to be charged on account thereof, or more 5 and in case no Information shall be given to the said Commissioners of the Infuniciency thereof, or no Objection shall be made thereto by the Inspector or Surveyor which he is hereby empowered to make for sufficient Cause, the said Commissioners shall direct an Assessment to be made of the Duties chargeable on such Statement by virtue of this Act.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Surveyor or Inspector shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself dissatisfied with such Determination, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Inspector to require the said Commissioners to date specially and sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with their Determination thereupon, which case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to date and lign accordingly, and to cause the same to be by him transmitted to the Commissioners for General Purposes for the same Didridl 5 who are hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to the Case so transmitted, with their Opinion thereon subscribed thereto 5 according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in every Indance in which any Person shall have made Default in the Delivery of any Statement, such Person not having been otherwise charged to the said last mentioned Duties, or if the said additional Commissioners shall not be satisfied with the Statement delivered by any Person or Persons, or any Objection shall be made thereto by the Inspector or Sufveyor, (which he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to do in Writing setting forth the Cause and Canfes thereof whenever he or they shall see sufficient Cause) or the said additional Commissioners shall haiye received any Information of the Insuffi-ciency of any Statement, the said additional Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall make an Assessment on such Person in such Sum as according to the bed of their Judgement ought to be charged on such Persons by virtue of this Act; which Assessment shall be subject to an Appeal, according to the Direction herein after contained.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the additional Commissioners shall think it proper to refer any Statement to the Commissioners for General Puroofes, without making any Assessment thereon, it shall be lawful for them so to do on delivering to them the Ca(e in Writing relative to such Statement, as the same shall appear to them, with any Matter in quedion between them, either as to Law or Fadi, and the said Commissioners for General Purposes shall proceed to inquire into the Merits of such Statement, in like manner as they would have been hereby authorized to do, in cale the said additional Commissioners had made an Assessment on such Statement, and the Party charged had appealed against such Assessment* ,

9 CXXIII

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 65.

713

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector or Surveyor, being fwora as aforesaid, shall Inspe^or, See, and may at all seasonable Times inspect and examine any Assessment which shall be made as last aforesaid, before the Delivery thereof to the Commissioners for General Purposes; and in case he shall discover any wh ch may be Error in the fame, which in his Judgement shall require Amendment, he shall certify the fame, to the said amended on additional Commissioners by whom the Assessment shall have been made, and the said additional Commis- their Certificate. sioners, upon sufficient Cause being shewn to them, shall amend the some as in their Judgement the Case shall require.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Surveyor or Iefpeftor shall object to the Surveyor, giC. Amount of the Duty charged by any Assessment by additional Commissioners, which he is hereby empowered to &, l* tTa<c hi* do in each and every Case upon sufficient Cause, he shall state such Objection, to the additional Commissioners of the District, in Writing as before directed, who, or any Two or more of them, shall thereupon certify the same to \vritjr^ and"1 the Commissioners for General Purposes in the same District, together with the Reasons for making such Assess- give x.tice ro ment, and any Information they shall have obtained respecting the fame; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall the Pany,s also give such Notice thereof to the Party assessed, as he is required to do by the said several recited Acts re- under 430.3. spectively, in Cases of Surcharge, in order that the Party so charged maj be atXiberty to appear before the said c* Commissioners for General Purposes, in support of such Assessment.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said*additional Commissionera shall cause Certificates of Assess- Addirbni! ments to be duly made out from Time to Time as the same shall be completed, distinguishing the Ward, Parish, Commisfi min or Place within their respective Districts, for which each such Assessment shall be made, which shall contain the Names and Surnames of the Parties charged, and the Sums which they respectively ought to pay by virtue of cernfican-i of this Act, and shall cause such Certificates to be entered in Books provided for that Purpose, according to such Assessments, tm Forms as shall be transmitted to them by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and they or any Twoqt General more of them shall from Time to Time sign the fame, and from Time to Time deliver the same so entered and Commiflwocr*. signed to the Commissioners for General Purposes in the same District underCover sealed up, and shall also cause the Statements returned to them by the Party or Parties so assessed, or by the Assessors relating to such Assessments, to be delivered at the same Time to the said Commissioners for General Purposes; provided that no Assessment Assessments shall t made by additional Commissioners or Persons acting as such shall be delivered to the respective Parties until the not be delivered Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Assessment so signed as aforesaid shall have been delivered to the to the Pities till Commissioners for General Purposes^ or the Persons acting as such, and the Inspector or Surveyor shall have had f4 a^cr* Notice thereof.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think him or herself aggrieved by an Assessment Perforti made by the additional Commissioners as aforesaid, 01 by any Objectionto such Assessment made by any Surveyor aggrieved by.or Inspector as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him or her respectively to appeal to the Commissioners for General ma*

Purposes in the same District where such Assessment was made, on giving Ten Days Notice thereof to the Assessor General° Surveyor or Inspector; and all Appeals to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be heard and determined by Commissioneri. the respective Commissioners acting for General Purposes for the same District where the Cause of Appeal arose, and not otherwise.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for General Purposes shall from Time to Time Time for appoint Days for receiving Appeals, as soon after a .y Assessments shall be returned to them by the additional receiving Commissioners as conveniently ean be done, and the Assessors shall cause Notice thereof to be given to the re- APPC-'S A*]! be spective Appellants, and the Meetings of the Commissioners for that Purpose shall be held from Time to Time Cwnmrtfioner* within the Time limited by the said Commissioners, with or without Adjournment; and no Appeal shall be an°dnoappeal*received after the Time limited by the said Commissioners, except on the Ground of Diminution of Income as received afre», herein mentioned: Provided always that if any Person shall be prevented from Absence Sickness or other except in ceitaia reasonable Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners, from making or proceeding upon his Appeal within Cafcl-the Time so limited, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give further Time for that Purpose, or to admit the same to be made by any Agent Clerk or Servant on the Behalf of such Appellant.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in order that all Appeals upon such last mentioned Assessments Gcnenl Notice.may be determined in due Time, the said Commissioners shall cause a general Notice tobe stuck up in their Office or of Time limited left with the Clerk of the Commissioners, and also to be affixed on the Door of the Church or Chapel of such Parish or 1 Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place in Cases requiring the same by reason of any such Place having noChurch fix^o'i Chorch or Chapel limiting the Time of hearing all Appeals, and which shall be limited to be heard within a reasonable Dour*.

Time after the Cause of Appeal shall have arilen; and no Appeal shall be heard after the Time in such Notice to be limited, unless the Appeal shall be made on Behalf of any erson or Persons who shall be absent out of the Realm, or prevented by Sickness from attending in Person in the Time so to be limited, in which Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to postpone such Appeals from Time to Time, or to admit other Proof than the Oath or Affirmation of the Party, of the Truth of the several Matters required by this Act to be proved by the Oath or Affirmjtiop.of the Party.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon the receiving Notice of any Appeal against any Assessment In all C..fc$ of made as lall aforesaid, and also in every Case where the Commissioners for General Purposes, or the major Part Appeal. «nd of them present, shall fee Cnufe to allow the Objection of such Surveyor or Inspectur to such Assessment, the when said Commissioners shall direct their Precept to the Person or Persons appealing, to return to them, witlfn the sin vcJr &c Time limited in such Precept a Schedule containing such Particulars as the said Commissioners shall demand under j, .nliuxec, the Authority of this Act for their Information, either respecting the Particulars efthe Property of such Person C<; mnitr> ner* or Persons, or respecting the Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern in the Nature of Trade carried on by Auil icqm by such Person or Persons, or the Profession Employment or " "

Amount of the Balance of the Profits and Gains of such "

46 Geo. III.

: iuuicui ^uuccrn m uie i>acurc ui lrauc cd'.ucuuu uy w

>r Vocation exercised by such Person or Persons, and the '"j'1 JH, CC'4 Person or Persons, distinguishing the particular Amount^ , l)e palJry#, r°m

4Y

derive"

d

7»4

Service af'futh Ticccp'.

Penally for nor

returning

Schedule#

§137 ]

Jnfpcclui, See. shall foe Schedule.

Surveyor, &c. may object to Sratements in Schedule, givinj Notice to the Tarty.

§ 126.

Commissioners ever-ruling Objection, or fati'fied with .Assessment or Schedule, may confirm or alter Assessment accordingly.

If a 7 require Verification of Schedule on C^tb.

Party may amend Schedu'c before Oath.

After such Verification A fTc Ament shall be final.

Gcncia!

Commissioner.*, may put Qticftions in Wriring to Parties, touching Assessment or Schedules.

Tarric j or their Agents may return Answers, or ruav attend Commissioners, sind object to i^udl ions nr rt fufc to an Twer.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

derived from each separate Source-before mentioned, or respecting the Particulars of the Deductions from any of such Profits or Gains made in such Statements or Schedules, and which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to demand at their Discretion whenever the same shall appear to them necessary for the Purposes mentioned in this Act, and so from Time to Time until a complete Schedule to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of all the Particulars required by them shall be delivered; and every such Precept being delivered to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be directed shall be binding upon such Person and Person3 according to the Exigency of such Precept;>r in case such Person or Persons shall have removed from the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners, or cannot be found, or his her or their Pldce of Abode shall not be known, then upon fixing such Precept on the Door of the Church of the Place where the Commissioners shall meet in' the Execution of this Act, or fixingup the same in their Office^ such Precept flial also be binding upon such Person or Persons according to the Exigency thereof; and such Person or Persons shall make the Return required by the said Commissioners within the Time limited in such Precept, under the Penalty in this Act contained, and subject to such Charge as the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make in such Case; to which Schedule any Inspector or Surveyor sworn as aforesaid, shall have free Access at all reasonable Times, and shall take such Copies thereof, or of any Parts thereof, or Extracts from the same, as he shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inspectoror Surveyor sworn as aforesaid, within a reasonable Time, to be allowed by the said Commissioners for General Purposes, after he shall have had the Examination of such Schedules, to object to the fame, or any Part thereof, and to Hate such Objections in Writing, and the Cause or Causes thereof, to the bed of his Knowledge or Information; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall, in every Case of objecting to such Schedule, deliver a Notice in Writing of such Objection to the Party or Parties to be charged, or leave the same at his her or their lad or usual Place of Abode respectively under Cover sealed up and directed to such Party, in order that such Party or Parties may be at Liberty to appeal from the same to the said Commissioners as herein is directed : Provided always, that no Assessment shall be confirmed nor any Alteration therein be made until the Appeal upon such Objection or Assessment shall be heard and determined according to the Directions of this Act.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if upon receiving the Objections of such Surveyor or Inspector to any Schedule, the said Commissioners or the major Part of them present at any Meeting for the Purpose of taking such Objections into Consideration, shall fee Cause to disallow such Objections, or if upon hearing of any such Appeal as aforesaid the said Commissioners shall be satisfied with the Assessment made by the additional Commissioners, or after Delivery of a Schedule they shall be satisfred therewith and shall have received no Information of the Insufficiency thereof, the said Commissioners for General Purposes shall direct such Assessment to be confirmed, or altered according to such Schedule as the Case may require; provided, that in every Case where they shall think proper that the said Statement on which the additional Commissioners made their Assessment, or the Schedule delivered to the Commissioners for General Purposes Should be verified, they shall direct the Assessor or Assessors to give Notice thereof to the Person or Persons to be charged with the said Duties and to appear before them to verify the same in the Manner herein after mentioned; and every such Person to whom such Notice shall be given, shall and he is hereby required to appear before the said Commissioners for General Purposes, and on Oath or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, to verify the Contents of his her or their Statement or Schedule, and to sign and subscribe the same with his or her proper Name; and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, that the Contents of such Statement or Schedule are true to the befl of his or her Judgement or Belief, and that the same contains the just Balance of the Profits and Gains arising from the Source or Sources therein contained, after making such Deductions as are therein Hated; and that no Deduction or Deductions whatever than such as are therein Hated, have been made from the Profits or Gains accounted for, and to such Amount only as is therein Hated: Provided always, that such Person shall be at Liberty to amend such Statement or Schedule, before he or she shall be required to take such Oath or Affirmation; and after such Oath or Affirmation, and in every Case where such Statement or Schedule shall not have been objected to as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, they shall make an Assessment according to such Statement or Schedule on the Amount therein Hated, at which the Duty therein shall have been computed; and every such Assessment made after Verification of such Statement or Schedule, shall be final and conclusive as to the Matters contained in such Statement or Schedule.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That wherever the said Commissioners for General Purposes shall be dissatisfied with any Assessment returned by the additional Commissioners to them, or with any Schedule delivered to them, or shall require further Information respecting the fame, or either of them, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to put any Question or Questions touching such Assessment, or the Contents of such Schedule, or any of them, or touching any of the Matters which ought to be contained therein, or any Sums which shall have been set against or dcdu&ed from the Profits or Gains to be estimated in such Assess. ment or Schedule, and the Particulars thereof in Writing, and to demand an Answer accordingly from such Person or Persons, signed by him her or them, and so from Time to Time, whenever the said Commissioners shall think the same necessary; and shall from Time to Time issue their Precept or Precepts, requiring true and particular Answers to be given to such Questions, within Seven Days after the issuing of such Precept or Precepts; and every such Person shall make true and particular Answers in Writing signed by him or her to such Questions within the Time limited by such Precept, or shall within the like Period tender him or herself before the said Commissioners for General Purposes, to be examined by them viva voce to such Matters; and every Person required to make fuel! Answers, or appearing before the said Commissioners to be examined as a Party, or as the Clerk Agent or Servant of such Party, as herein i> mentioned, shall be permitted to give his or her Anfv/ers, either in Writing as aforesaid or viva voce9 without having taken any Oath or Affirmation, and shall be

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 6 c;

115

be at Liberty to object to any Queuion, and peremptorily' to refuse answering the fame; and the Substance of such Answer or Answers as he or she shall give viva vocey shall, in his or her Presence, be reduced into Writing, and read to him or her, and he or she shall be at Liberty to alter any Part thereof, and also to alter or amend any Particular contained in his or her Answers in Writing or in any Schedule or Declaration, before he or she shall be called upon to verify the same in the Manner herein directed; and every such Schedule shall be altered or amended, as shall teem requisite, after such Enquiry or Exa r ination.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for General Purposes in every such Case as aforesaid, whenever the said Commissioners shall think the same necessary, to require such Person or Persons upon whom any Assessment hath been made by the additional Commissioners, with which the said Commissioners for General Purposes are dissatisfied, or from whom such Schedules or Answers in Writing as aforesaid have been received, with which the said Commissioners are dissatisfied, to appearand verify the fame, and Upon Appearance of such Person or Persons, to permit him or them to alter or amend the fame, and thereupon to administer to such Person or Persons the Oath or Affirmation herein after mentioned, and alto to require any Person or Persons who shall have been examined viva voce before them, to verify his her or their Examination on such Oath or Affirmation, which Oaths or Affirmations any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer; and which Oath or Affirmation respectively shall be, that the Contents of the Statements or Schedules are true to the bed of his or their Knowledge and Belief, and contain a full and true Account of the Balance of all the Profits and Gains of the Deponent or Deponents chargeable by this Act, to the bed of his or her Knowledge and Belief, and of all and every Deduction made from his or her Profits or Gain* in adjuding such Balance, or that the Contents of all such Answers in Writing as shall have been returned to the said Commissionersby him or them, as the same are then dated, or that the Contents of his or her Examination, as the same have been reduced into Writing, are true; and every such Orth or Affirmation shall be subscribedby the Party taking the same.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for General Purposes to fumwon in like Manner any Person or Persons whom they shall think able to give Evidence or Testimony respecting the Assessment made or to be made on any such Person or Persons, to appear before them to be examined, and to examine all such Persons, who shall so appear before them on Oath or Affirmation (except the Clerk, Agent, or Servant, of the Person or Persons to be charged, or other Person confidentially intruded or employed in the Affairs of such Party < r Parties to be charged, and who shall respectively be examined in the same Manner, and subject to the same Redridions as are herein-before provided for the viva voce Examination of any Party or Parties touching the Assessments to be charged on him her or them 1, which Oath or Affirmation any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, that the Tedimony or Evidence to be given by him her or them, shall contain the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth in respect of the Matter in quedion concerning which such Evidence or Tedimony is to be given; and every such Oath or Affirmation shall be subscribed by the Persons taking the same.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for General Purposes, or any Two or more of them, or the major Part of them present, after hearing all such Appeals as shall be depending before them, or upon any Objection made by the Inspector or Surveyor to anvfucn last mentioned Assessment or Schedule, whether such Enquiry or Examination as aforesaid shall have taken place or not, shall agree to make an Assessment according to the Statement or Statements contained in the said Schedule, as the same shall have been returned or altered or amended upon Appeal as aforesaid, they shall direct an Assessment to be made of the Duties chargeable on the Statement or Statements contained in the said Schedule, at the Rate contained in this Act; and if the said Commissioners shall think proper to require a Verification of the said Schedule, they shall give Notice thereof in Manner aforesaid to the Party or Parties to appear before them to verify the said Schedule; and such Verification shall be made by the Party or Parties in such Manner, and such Assessments thereupon shall be made as hereinbefore directed, which Assessments shall be final and conclusive as aforesaid: But nevertheless, in every In fiance where any Person shall have neglected or refused to return such Schedule according to the Exigency of the Precept of the Commissioners, or if any Clerk, Agent, or Servant of such Party as aforesaid, being summoned, shall I have neglected or refused to appear before the Commissioners to be examined, or if such Party his or her Clerk Agent or Servant as aforesaid, shall have declined to aniWcr any Question put to him or her by the said Commissioners in Writing, or viva vocey or where the Schedule delivered shall have been objected to as aforesaid, and such Objection shall not have been appealed against within such reasonable Time as is directed by this Act, or where any Person being required so to do, shall have neglected or refused to verify his or her Statement or Schedule, or his or her Answers or Examination in Writing, or where the Commissioners shall agree as aforesaid to allow the Objections, or any of them, made by such Surveyor or Inspector, it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required in every such Case, according to the best of their Judgement, to settle and ascertain in what Sums such Persons ought to be charged, and to make an Assessment accordingly, which Assessment shall be final and conclusive.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the said Commissioners for General Purposes shall have made any increased Assessment upon the Amount contained in the Statement or Schedule of the Party to be charged, or shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, discover that any Increase ought to be made, whether upon the Surcharge of the Surveyor or Inspector, or from his or their Information, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for them to charge such Person or Persons in a Sum not exceeding Double the Amount by which the Duties shall have been increased; (that is to say) where the Party or Parties shall have refused or neglected to deliver any Statement or Schedule, then in a Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum which, according to the Rate prescribed in Schedule (D.) such Person in the Judgement of the said Commissioners ought to be charged atto be added to the Assessment, and applied as directed by thw Ad in other Cases of

4 Y 2 increased

Commitfi m^y caM u, k>i»'the Party t > verify their Answers (0l

E<«*mi: iAti

Upo.l Oath.

Commifli>«fl-rs

may summon Witnesses and examine them upon Oath.

[S« § iji.J

Commi (lion erf agreeing to make an AflcIDnent on the Schedule

may do so; but on neglect to return Schedule or to verify fame, or to answer Que ft ion, or wh.'reObje&iori* of Surveyor, See. shall be allowed, CommisTjouera may make an Assessment according to thHr Judgement, which (h i.I be final.

Wherfc an A (lament shall he inareased, the Commissioncs may ofcarge the Party in a Sum not exceeding*Double die increased Duties

?r6

Pertdtf on Per*

suns neglecting «b deliver Schedules or attend SumTtons of Commufj jners zo\. a^doubl: Duty.

Parties may de-iiver additional Schedules; or having omitted to deliver St; i'e-ments or Schedules, may deliver same at any Time before Proceedings had.

Proceedings for Penalties may be flayed if no Fraud in e tded, and Time allowed to deliver pet fed! Statement*.

How Abatement

n Account of specifick Dimi-nu'icnof Income shall be allowed.

How Abatement shall be allowed when Persons shall cealc to exercise any Trade, Uc. or shall die bcf< i c the End of the Year.

[S" § '39 ]

Persons succeeding ta Trade of Par?v charged shall be luUe.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 180ft.

increased Assessments 5 and in case a Statement or Schedule shall have been so delivered, then in a Sum not exceeding Double the Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Statement or Schedule; unless such Person or I'ersons shall in every such Case make it appear that the Omission"complained of did not proceed f.ctn any Fraud Covin Art or Contrivance or any gross or wilful egled.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, required so to do by the respective Commissioner« for General Purposes, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any Schedule to the Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be delivered in pursuance of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to appear before the said Commissioners to verify upon Oath or Affirmation before such Commissioners any Statement or Schedule by him or her delivered within the Time or Times limited or to be limited by such Commissioners respectively in pursuance of this A(51, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and Double the Duty at which such Person ought to be assessed, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts respectively.

CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have delivered a Statement or Schedule, shall discover any Omission or wrong Statement therein, it shall be lawful for such Person to deliver an additional Statement or Schedule, rectifying such Omission or wrong Statement; and such Person shall not afterwards be subject to any Proceeding upon this Act, by reason of such Omission or wrong Statement; and if any Person shall not have delivered a Statement or Schedule within the Time limited by the Commissioners for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such Person to deliver a Statement or Schedule, in Manner herein directed, at any Time before a Proceeding shall be had to recover the Penalty herein mentioned, and no Proceeding shall be afterwards had for recovering such Penalty; and if any Proceeding shall have been actually had before the Commissioners for recovering such Penalty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners before whom such Proceedings shall be commenced on due Proof to their Satisfaction that no Fraud or Evasion whatever was intended, to Hay such Proceedings, either on the Terms of paying or without paying the Coils then incurred, as the Commissioners shall think fit; and if any Proceedings shall have been commenced in any Court, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to certify, that in their Judgement no Fraud or Evasion was intended by the Party making such Omission; and it shall be lawful for any Judge in such Court, on a summary Application, to (lay such Proceedings on such Terms as aforesaid, as he shall think fit; or if such Person shall have delivered an impeded Statement or Schedule, and shall give to the Commissioners a sufficient Reason why a perfect Statement or Schedule cannot be delivered, the said Commissioners, being satisfied therewith, shall give further Time, and so from Time to Time, for the Delivery of such Statement or Schedule; and such Person shall not be liable to any Penalty for not having delivered such Statement or Schedule within the Time before limited, in case such Person shall have delivered as perfect a Statement or Schedule, as, from the Nature of the Case, he or she was enabled to give, and so from Time to Time as long as the Commissioners shall grant further Time as aforesaid.

CXXXIX. And be iflFurther enacted, That if within or at the End of the Year current at the Time of making any Assessment under this Act, or at the End of the Year when such Assessment ought to have been made, any Person charged td any of the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) whether he shall have computed his Profits or Gains arising as last aforesaid on the Amount thereof in the preceding or current Year, or on an Average of Years, shall find and shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for General Purposes by whom the Assessment was made, that hfs or her Profits and Gains, during such Year for which the Computation was made, fell short of the Sum so computed in respect of the same Source of Profit on which the Computation was made, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, on Proof before them, to cause the Assessment made for such current Year to be amended in respect of such Source of Profit as the Case shall require; and, in case the Sum assessed shall have been paid, to certif y under their Hands and Seals to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Receiver General, to whom the same shall have been paid, the Amount of the Sum overpaid upon fa h First Assessment; and on Production of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to direct their Cashier or Cashiers, and for the said Receiver General, to repay such Sum as shall have been so overpaid, oat of any Publick Monies herein directed to be paid to such Cashier or Cashiers, or of such Receiver General, who respectively shall, if necessary, replace the same out of the First Monies that shall come to their Hands respectively of the Duties granted by this Act, for which Payments the Certificate of the said respective Commissioners shall be a sufficient Authority.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person charged to the said last mentioned Duties, whether the Computation thereon shall have been made on the Profits of One Year, on an Average as herein allowed, shall cease to exercise the Profession, or to carry on the Trade Employment or Vocation in respect whereof such Assessment was made, or shall die or be bankrupt or insolvent before the End of the Year for making such Assessment, or shall, from any other specifick Cause, be deprived of or lofc the Profits or Gains on which the Computation of Duty charged in such Assessment was made, it shall be lawful for such Person, or the Heirs Executors Administrator3 or Assigns of such Person, to make Application to the Commissioners for General Purposes of the District, within Three Calendar Months after the End of such Year, and on due Proof thereof, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, it shall he lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the Assessment to be amended, as the Case may require, and to give such Relief to the Party charged, his or her Heirs Executors Administrators or Assigns, as shall be just; and in Cases requiring the same to direct, in Manner before mentioned, Repayment to be made of such Sum as shall have been overpaid on the Assessment amended or vacated: Provided always, that where any Person shall have succeeded to the Trade or Business of the Party charged, no such Abatement shall be made, unless it shall be proved, to the Satisfodion of the said Commissioners, that the 1 Vo fits and Gains of such Trade or Business have fallen short from some specifick Cause, to be alledged to them and proved, since such Change or Suceeflion took place, or by reason thereof; but such Person so succeeding : o the fame, shall be liable to the Payment of the full Duties thereon without any new Assessment*

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 6; . 717

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for any M >de of act* ifin* District as Commissioners for the General Purposei of this Act, shall be charged and assessed to the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) if liable thereto, by the additional Commissioners for the same District; and the c, n^W-ocM additional Commissioners adiing for the same District shall be charged and assessed to the said Duties by each lo Ks under.; other respectively, and according as they ought to be charged 5 and that any Two of the said respective Com Scoedulc missioners acting for any District, shall respectively be competent to assess any other Person adiing as such Commissioner for the same District, in like Manner, and with and under the like Powers, as if such Person had not acted as such Commissioner; and the said feveval Commissioners shall respectively divide themselves in such Manner, as that every such Commissioner shall be assessed by Two other Commissioners, and the Appeal therefrom (if any) may be determined by Two Commissioners for General Purposes, neither of whom shall be concerned or interested in the Determination thereof either for himself or herself, or in any Character before deferiled for any other Person or Persons; and the said additional Commissioners shall respectively establish such Regulations among themselves, for charging and assessing each other in Manner aforesaid, as may most effectually secure a fair and impartial Assessment upon every Commissioner, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act y provided, that any Commissioner, whQfe Statement or Schedule shall be under Consideration, or shall No Comnuffion-be concerned or interested therein, either for himself or for any other Person or Persons in any Character be ore wher'*

described, shall have no Voice and shall not be present, except upon an Appeal, for the Purpose of being 11 w examined viva voce by the Commissioners then having his Assessment or Schedule under Consideration, but shall withdraw during the Consideration and Determination thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That all Assessments upon Profits or Gains under Schedule (D.) made AffrflTments of by the Commissioners for General Purposes, shall be entered in Books, with the Name and Names, and the Dulic> under Description of the Person or Persons Corporations Companies or Societies of Persons, to be charged therewith, and their respective Places of Abode set opposite thereto, and which Entries shall respectively be numbered and Certificate* progressively, or lettered, or distinguished by Numbers or Betters, as the said respective Commissioners for of the Amount the Purposes of this Act shall think proper; and that when and as soon as the said respective Commissioners shall be delivered have caused to be made any such Entry' in such Book, in case the Person or Persons charged by such Assessment, by whe^0* shall have declared his her or their Intention to pay the Duty so assessed into the Bank of England or to the ^T»cp^ties inriTnd Receiver General or his Deputy within the Time limited by this Act for Payment thereof, and in case the said pjymc.u into the Commissioniers shall be satisfied with such Declaration, they shall deliver to such Person or Persons, or such other the Bunk, &c, Person as shall be there attending on his her or their Behalf, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more of such Commissioners, specifying the Amount of the Sums to be paid within One Year upon such Assessment and every such Certificate shall be numbered or lettered with the same Number or Letter as the Entry in the Book of the said Commissioners to which such Certificate shall relate shall be marked and numbered or lettered, without naming or otherwise describing the Person or Persons charged thereby; which Certificate shall, on Such Certificate Production thereof, be a sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to the respective Receivers General or their respective Deputies in England, and to the Receiver General in Scotland,

and his Deputy or Deputies, from Time to Time to receive from any Person or Persons bearing and producing such me'n|4 iheicon, Certificate of Certificates, the Amount of the Sums therein contained, in such Proportion^ thereof as by this Act Jcc. are made payable by Instalments and at the Times by this Act appointed for Payment thereof, or in Advance; and on the Payment of the Sums contained in any such Certificate, or any Proportion thereof, the said Governor and Company, and the said Receivers General, and their respective Deputies, shall give Certificates for the fame, acknowledging the Receipt of the Sum paid on account of the Certificate of the said respective Commissioners, by the Number or Letter marked thereon as before directed.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Commissioners shall not have received a Declaration Commissioners; ^of the intended Payment into the Bank of England, or to the Receivers General, or their Deputies respectively^11 deliver as aforesaid, of the Duty to be charged under Schedule (D.) or shall not be satisfied with such Declaration, c^v»IcSorfC<> they shall deliver a Duplicate of the Assessments to the Collector or Collectors, with the Names and Descriptionsxrrpr of the Parties charged therewith, together with their Warrants for collecting the fame, in such Form and under 'panic.; arc the like Powers as they are authorized to collect the Duty Under any of the other Schedules contained-in thip a(T*ff dby*.Act; and if after the Receipt of any such Declaration the Duties shall not be duly satisfied and paid accordingly, Number or, the said Commissioners shall cause the Names of the Defaulters and the Amount of the Duty a HI-fled on each to cller' be inserted from Time to Time in the Duplicate of such Collector, and the Warrant for collecting the same shall be of the like Force and Effect as if such Names and Sums had been inserted therein at the Time, of issuing such Warrant.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Assessments under Schedule (D.) shall be completed €ommissioner# in any biftridt, the respective Commissioners for General Purposes acting therein, shall cause to be delivered a OwlHcnd Duplicate on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the whole Sums assessed by ?^i-cure them, into the Offices for the Aff airs of Taxes for England and Scotland respectively for the Use of the King's the Rc^mblar-Remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; and the said Commissioners shall errs and Re-also deliver a like Duplicate unto the respective Receivers General in England and Scotland respectively. ccivers General* ,

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Receiver General, at the Request of any .A >n,; nrmf nt* Commissioners acting for General Purposes in relation to the said iafl-mentioned Duties in or for any City or of Deputy Town in Great Britain (except within the City of London, or within Ten Miles of the fame) and with the Receiver* ia. > Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to appoint a fit and proper Person resident in such Iown, > &c*

City or Town, who shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Receiver General, to be his Deputy for the Receipt of such of the said last mentioned Duties anting within such City or Town, or within the Distridfc where such City or Town shall be situate, as shall be assessed under a Letter or Number, pursuant to a Declaration

of*

7i 8

F.^r wl om Receiver General ill ;) I 1-e #, ifw'er.ible. Allowance to fuc!» Deputies,

whoflia!*ccount and pay weekly.

Cam mi (Toners

may deliver Duplicates and Watrants to Deputy Receivers, &c. under

[*"{ '4*1

Dow Airca*s of such Datii'N tlin12 ic ri eavti ul.

Tl.c f.ud Dmies may I»t* paid into the Bank, ol to tHi Receiver, See. p.'.d in Default may hr levied as other Duties under (lie Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes.

*5Vr $ 19: , 192.

Payments of such Duties shall he entcicd in the Books at the Bank, nr written off in Duplicates

of.lteccivers, £ce.

and Accounts thereof sent to the Tax Office.

Such Duties may Ise paid in Advance into the Bank or to Receiver, See..allovred on any Two instalmcnrs.

See §142.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

of the Party's Intention to pay the Duty to such Receiver Genetal or liis Deputy as aforesaid, Regard being had in such\ Appointment to the Population and Extent of such City or Town, for which Deputy the said Receiver General shall be answerable } and it shall be lawfid for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England and for the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland to allow to the respective Deputies so appointed, such Salary and Reward for their Attendance and Trouble therein, as shall be agreed upon between such Commissioners and the Person to be appointed such Deputy, and as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes and Barons respectively, not exceeding the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny of the Sum received by such Deputies respectively, and paid over to such Receiver General; and every such Deputy shall on some Day in every Week, to be named in the Bond to be entered into by him, pay or remit to such Receiver General the whole Amount of the Duties then in his Hands, and shall faithfully account for the same to such Receiver General.

CXLVT. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for General Purposes to issue out and deliver to the respective Receivers General, except where a Deputy Receiver shall be appointed as herein is directed, and to such Deputies where such Appointments have been made, Duplicates of the Assessments made by them, containing the Sums assessed on each and every Person to whom a Certificate hath been delivered by Letter or Number, together with the Number or Letter set opposite thereto in their respective Books before mentioned, without naming such Persons, with their Warrants for their receiving such of the said Duties charged by such Commissioners respectively when the Tame become fl ail payable as aforesaid; and all such Sums shall be paid to the respective Refceivers General, or Deputy Receivers, where such shall have been appointed; and such Part thereof as shall not be so paid to them, shall be levied and collected as herein is mentioned; and in Default of the same being so levied, fiiafi be recoverable as a Debt upon Record, to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Manner before directed in other Cases.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties payable on such last mentioned Assessments, shall be paid either into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or to the Deputy of such Receiver General where fu : h shall be appointed, at the Election of the Party charged, by such Instalments as by this Act directed, # before the respective Days appointed for such Payments according to the Regulations of this A£, or by Three or Two Instalments or in one Sum in full as the Parties shall choose, and the Certificates hereby required to be given cn such Payments shall be delivered to the respective Commissioners, or to one or more of them, or to their Clerk at their Office, before the Times when the same are hereby made payable, taking his or their Receipt for the fame, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the Money so paid, in Satisfaction of so much of the Assessment as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be so paid; and if any Person shall neglect to pay the same, at the Time and in the Manner hereby directed for Payment of such Duties, or having paid the same shall neglect to deliver the Certificate required to be given on such Payment as herein-before directed, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners for General Purposes, and they are hereby required to deliver a Duplicate of all Sums assessed on any Person or Persons who shall have made Default in paying, or accounting for the Payment of the fame, together with their Warrant, to such Collector or Collectors as they shall appoint to levy the Sum in Arrear and unpaid, and which Duplicate shall be made out, and which Sums shall be levied, according to the Regulations c f the said recited Acts respectively.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier of the Bank of England shall, on the Receipt of any of the said last mentioned Duties, enter the same in the Books to be provided for that Purpose; and all such Sums shall be ente: ed under the Name Letter or Number contained in the Certificate, and every such Account kept at the Bank of England shall be entered under the Head ot " The Account of the Commissioners acting for the of 99 as the Case may require, and the Receivers General and Deputy

Receivers shall, on the like Receipt, cause the same to be wrote off in their respective Duplicates; and the said Cashier or Cashiers, Receiver or Receivers General, or Deputy or Deputies to such Receivers, shall, whenever he or they shall be required by the respective Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, deliver to them a true Account of all Sums paid at the Bank of England, or to such Receivers General or Deputies respectively, on Account of the Duties charged by them respectively, and shall also transmit to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, when required by them so to do, a true Account of the Sum £d paid.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time or Times during tl e Continuance of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid in advance to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to their Cashier or Caftiiers, any Sum or Sums of Money charged as aforesaid, and to require a Certificate or Certificates acknowledging such Payments; and it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Caftiiers of the said Bank of England, on Production of the Notice or Certificate of such Assessment, at the Time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance (the Sum so paid not in any Case to be less than the Sum which appears by such Certificate to be payable by Two Instalments) to make an Allowance at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum out of the Sum or Sums so paid in advance, calculated upon such Sum or Sums for the Period or Periods by which each respective Sum shall he paid sooner than the Period prescribed by this A Cl for the Payment thereof 5 and in cvejy such Case the said Cashier or Caftiiers, shall give the Person paying the same a Certificate of such Payment, specifying therein the Number of Instalments thereby discharged, and the Amount of the Allowance for such prompt Payment, and referring thereby to the Notice or Certificate of Assessment then produced, and the Name Number or Letter therein mentioned ;and all such Allowances shall be made by the said Cashier or Caftiiers out of the Duties to be paid in at the Bank of England at the Time of paying the same; and all Certificates made out by the Caftiier or Caftiiers of the Governor and Company of the Bant of Englandas aforesaid, being delivered at the respective Offices of such Commissioners, shall be received by them as Cash in discharge of the Assessments, and shall be allowed to them in their Accounts.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 65, 7I9

CL. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid, into the said Bank of England the Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person receiving the fame, shall give such Certificates as aforesaid signed by them respectively, for the1 Whole of the Sums so paid, or separate Certificates in like Form, for such Portions thereof as shall be required, which Certificate shall severally be cut off indentwise from the Counter Cheques thereof, which Counter Cheques are to remain with the said Governor and Company; and every such Certificate shall be denominated in the Body thereof to be on Account of Payments made into the said Bank, in Discharge of the Duties assessed by virtue of this Act, the Excess of the said Duties being to be considered as a voluntary Contribution.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Delivery of any such Certificate as last aforesaid to the said Commissioners or at their Office, in Discharge of the Whole of the said Duties assessed or charged upon the Person or Persons delivering or causing to be delivered such Certificate, or any Part thereof, the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall, if required, indorse in Writing on the Back of the Certificate to be given by them or him in such Case, the Amount of the Number of Instalments of the said Duties to be discharged by such Payments, which Receipts of the said Commissionera or their Clerks as aforesaid, shall be received, without further Proof, as Evidence of such Payments, in all Courts and Places, and before all Persona whatever.

CLI I And be it further enacted, That the Duty hereby granted, including the Duty contained In the Schedule marked (E.) as herein recited, and the said additional Duties, shall be assessed and charged in one Sum, under the following Rules; which Rules shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, and to refer to the said last mentioned Duty as if the same had been inserted under a special Enadment.

Oi.e Certificate or separate Certificates, shall be given ar the Bank as required.

On Delivery of Certificates to the Commissioners, t reir Clerk shall give a Receipt, in Discharge for the Duties.

Rules for a fie fifing Duties in Schedule CE.) deemed Part of this Act.

Schedule (E, )

Rules for charging the said Duties.

First. — The said Duties shall be annually charged on the Person or Persons respectively having using or exercising SaW Dut<cs fluill such Offices or Employments of Profit, or to whom such Annuities Pensions or Stipends shall be payable, sa la Feel *for all Salaries Fees Wages Perquisitesor Profits whatsoever, accruing by reason of such Offices Employments or profit» whnt-or Pensions, after deducting the Amount of Duties payable or chargeable on the same by virtue of any Ad ever, deducing or Acts of Parliament where the same have been really and bonaJide paid and born by the Party to be charged; Du: ie* chnrge-and each Assessment in respect of such Offices or Employments shall be in force for One whole Year, and shall under other be levied for such Year without any new Assessment, notwithstanding a Change may have taken place in such be in* foree f«r Office or Employment on the Person or Persons for the Time Iming or exercising the same; provided the o«; e Year. Person quitting such Office or Employment, or dying within the Year, his or their Executors or Admini- AJ| Arrears fivdl strators, shall be liable for the Arrears due before or at the Time of his so quitting such Office or Employment, be prid by Per* or dying, and for such further Portion of Time as shall then have elapsed, to be settled by the respective Cons quirting Commissioners, and his or their Successor or Successors shall be repaid such Sums as he or they shall have paid their Office or ©n Account of such Portion of the Year as aforesaid 5 and each Assessment in respect of such Annuity Pensionc'

or Stipend shall be iH force for One whole Year, unless the same shall cease or expire within the Year by Lapse,

Death, or otherwise, from which Period the Assessment thereon shall be discharged:

Second. — The said Duties to be assessed by the respective Commissioners for all the Offices in each Department ^{fcdfox AUUe in the Place where the said Commissioners shall execute their Offices, although certain of the Offices in the o.fi cs in each same Department may be executed elsewhere, and shall be due and payable from the respective Officers, and Department, in their respective Successors, for the Time being : 'the Puce where Commissioners act.

Third.-- The said Duties shall be paid on all Publick Offices and Employments of Profit of the Description Description of herein after mentioned within Great Britain; videlicet: Any Office belonging to either House of Parliament,

or to any Court of Justice, whether of Law or Equity, in England or Scotland, Wales, the Duchy of C Lancaster, the Duchy of Cornwall, or any Criminal or Judiciary or Ecclesiastical Court, or Court of Admiralty, or Commissary Court, or Court Martial 5 any publick Office held under the Civil Government of His Majesty, or in any County Palatine, or the Duchy of Cornwall; any Commissioned Officer serving on the Staff or belonging to His Majesty's Army in any Regiment of Artillery Cavalry Infantry Royal Marines Royal Garrison Battalions or Corps of Engineers or Royal Artificers; any Officer in the Navy or in the Militia or Volunteers; any Office or Employment of Profit held under any Ecclesiastical Body, whether Aggregate or Sole, or under any publick Corporation Company or Society, whether Corporate or not Corporate; any Office or Employment of Profit under any publick Institution. or on any publick Foundation of whatever Nature or for whatever Purpose the same may be established; any Office or Employment of Profit in any County Riding or Division Shire or Stewartry, or in any City Borough Town Corporate or Place, or under any Trulls or Guardians of any Fund Tolls or Duties, to be exercised in such County Riding Division Shire or Stewartry City Borough Town Corporate or Place, and every other publ ck Office or Employment of Profit of a publick Nature:

Fourth. — The Perquisites to be assessed under this Act shall be deemed to be such Profits of Offices and Employ- profirs may U ments as.arise from Fees, or other Emolument, and payable either by the Crown or the Subjects, in the efimiated on the course of executing such Offices or Employments, and shall and may be estimated either on the Profits of the Profits of the preceding Year, or of the fair and just Average of One Year of the Amount of the Profits thereof in the Prccff1inK Year> Three Years preceding; such Years in each Case respectively ending on the Fifth Day of Slpril in each of Three Years^ Year, or such other Day of each Year on which the Accounts of such Profits have been usually made up:

Fifth.

P.itir* on Salaries, &c. payable at the Exchequer, orany public k Oilier, Iha4l be flopped

there.

Duties on other S.iUrir*, &c. Dial I be O'ipptd by the Ft Huns employed to pay the same.

How Officer*

cua gtd with flops to others

' fli.ill pay Duties.

Duty charged upon a Principal for Salaiics paid his Deputy shalt be deducted out of such Salary.

Official

JX-dudions 6'it Oi Salaries shall be allowed.

Pensions payable out of Revenue shall be charged by Commilisur.-ers lUeie.

Infetior Office* shall he deemed'to be exercised at the Head Office.

In what Depat tment* i- ferior Officer* shall be assessed.

*§4»-

AUo nances and Exemptions (hull

be m i(ie'> me Trustees < t the Brinfl» Museum, a* under

C. 65. 46° GliORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Fifth. — Tn all Cases where any Salaries Fees Wages or other Perquisites or Profits, or any Annuities Pensions or Stipends shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or at any publick Officer, or by any Officer of His Majesty's Household, or by any of His Majesty's Receivers or Paymasters, or by any Agent or Agent* employed in that Behalf, then and in every such Case the Duties chargeable under this Act, in respect of such Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits, or in respect of such Annuities Pensions or Stipends, shall be detained and (lopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be payable upon such Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits, or upon such Annuities Pensions or Stipends, cr for the Arrears thereof, whenever the same shall happen, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Duties on such Offices or Employments, or on such Annuities Pensions or Stipends respectively (not being otherwil'e paid) in the Manner directed by this Act; and whenever the same so payable shall be assessed by the Gommimoners for General Purposes in their respective DifiridlB, they shall transmit an Account of the Amount of the Duty assessed to the Exchequer or ( ffice where the same are payable, in order that the Amount so assessed may be there Hopped or detained,; Sixth* — In all Cases where the Salaries Fees Wages Allowances or Profits of any Officer or Officers chargeable to the said Duties, shall not arise out of any of the Offices mentioned in the foregoing Rule, but shall arise from any other Office or Employment of Profit chargeable to the said Duties, and the Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits, shall be payable at such Office by any Officer or Officers thereof, or by any Receiver or Receivers of the same respectively, or by any Agent or Agents employed in that Behalf, the Duties chargeable under this Act in respect of such Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits, shall be detained and (lopped out of the fame, or out of any Money which shall be paid upon such Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Proiits, or for Arrears thereof, whenever the same shall happen, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Duties (not otherwise paid) in the Manner directed by this Act;

Seventh. — Such Portion of the said Duties on Offices or Employments of PrQfit, or on Annuities Pensions or Stipends, as are charged with any Sum or Sums of Money payable to any other Person or Persons, shall be deducted out of the Sums payable to such other Person or Persons as alike Rate on such Sums respectively would amount unto; and all such Persons, their Agents and Receivers, shall allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of such Sums:

-Eighth. — Such Portion of the said Duties, charged on any Office or Employment^ of Profit executed by any Deputy or Clerk, or other Persons employed under the Principal in such Office, and paid by such Principal out of the Salary Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits of such Principal, shall be deducted out of the Salary or Wr.ges so payable as a like Rate on such Salary or Wages would amount unto; and all such Deputies Clerks and other Persons so employed, shall allow to their respective Principals such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Salaries or Wages:

Ninth. — In estimating the Duty payable for any such Office or Employment of Profit, or any Pension Annuity or Stipend, all official Deductions and Payments made upon the Receipt of the Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites and Profits thereof, or in passing the Accounts belonging to such Office, or upon the Receipt of such Pension Annuity or Stipend, shall be allowed to be deducted, provided a due Account thereof be rendered to the said Commissioners, and proved to their Satisfaction:

Tenth. — In all Cases where any Annuities or Pensions shall be payable out of any particular Branch of the Publick Revenue, and at the Office of that Branch of Revenue, the Commissioners acting for that Department shall have Authority to assess and levy the same as a Salary or Wages payable thereout.

CLIII. And Be it enacted, That every Person to be assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be deemed to have exercised the same at the Head Office of the Department under which such Office or Employment shall be held, and shall be rated for such Office or Employment as if exercised at such Head Office, although the Duties of such Office or Employment shall be performed, or the Profits or any Part thereof arising from such Office or Employment shall be payable elsewhere, within or out of Great Britain; and all Assessments made on any inferior Officer or Officers wherever they shall exercise their Office or Employment, shall be rated accordingly in the same Dilb id where such Head Office shall be established.

C*

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Office shall be deemed to belong to, and to be assessed by or under the principal Officers of that Department by or under whom the Appointment to such Office was made, provided that where such Appointment shall be made by any inferior Officer in any Department, then such Office shall be afTcflfed by the lame Commissioners by whom such inferior Officer shall be chargeable for hi* Office; Provided also, that where any such Appointment shall be held under the Great Seal or Privy Seal, either of England or Scotland, or shall be made under the Royal Sign Manual, or where any such Appointment shall be under the Hands or Seals of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the same shall not be exercised in the Department of the Treasury, then the Officer holding the same shall be assessed in that Department where the Office shall have been executed: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be conflruedto limit the Right herein before given*to Commissioners of the Dillridl, of afieffing Offices before defenbed within their respective Juiifdidlions, although such Offices or any of them may not be held under their Appointment, or the Profits of such Offices may not be payable by them or their Order.

CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the like Allowances shall be granted to the Trustees of the Britishi Museum, in respect of any Charge under Schedule (A. to be made on the Land: , and Tenements veiled in such Trusters, as are granted to Colleges and other Properties mentioned, in No. VI. of that Schedule; and the like Exemptions shall be allowed in respect of any Dividends of Stock veiled in such Trustees, or any of them, or in any other for their Use, as are granted to charitable luilitutions by tins Act; and no Salary or

Payment

46° GEORGII III.

C. 65, r72*i

Payment made or to be made out of His Majesty's Exchequer to such Trustees for the UTe of such Institutious, A

shall be charged at the said Exchequer, provided all Salaries of Officers or Persons employed under the saidanH c.

Trustees shall be charged on the said Officers respectively. (&<$74, ioj.)

in the same Manner as to rl arit.u* c lnltuuiioitf.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners authorized to act in the Execution of this Commissionm A a in relation to the Duties on Offices or Employments of Profit, and on Pensions or Stipends, as foo t after nJitu* their respective Appointments as conveniently can he dene in their respective Departments, shall meet in forr.e offices, (.SVe convenient Place in order to qualify themselves by their taking the Oaths prescribed by the said recited A: t, ^39.) ilvill and shall have Power to e'edta Clerk, and an Assessor or A {Tenors, and in Cases where the Duties cannot be appoint Clerks, Hopped and detained at the Department of Office of the said Commissioners, or for which the said respective AfTdlor*, a?d* Commissioners shall a £1, a Collector or Collectors of the said Duties to be assessed by them, from and amongst j^'officers \m* the Officers in their respective Departments, and separate Assessors and Collectors in each such Department, -ti-eir Depsrt-Hnder the Cognizance of the same Commissioners; which Assessors shall, within a Time to he fixed by the moms, respective Commissioners, deliver to them their Certificates of Assessment in Writing under their Hands, to be Air (Tors Anil verified upon their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, and not otherwise, of the full and just annual Value of all »nkc Cciiificate Offices and Employments of Profit chargeable under this Act in the Department for which they shall be Afliffmcni o« appointed Assessors, and of all Pensions and Stipends, estimated according to this Act (after deducting the Sum and Sums payable thereout respectively by virtue of any former Act or Acts, where the same have been really and IonaJUle paid and borne by the Party to be charged) with the Names and Surnames of the several Officers and Persons entitled to Pensions or Stipends, and the several Sums of Money they ought to pay by virtue of p, n, !tv^this Act, at the Rate of Two Shillings for every Twenty Shillings of such Value, without Abatement or NcC|c<a Deduction, and without Concealment or Favour, upon pain of Forfeiture for every Neglect in the Premises of mol. to any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds; which said Assessors are hereby strictly enjoined and required with all Care and Diligence to charge and assess themselves and all other Officers Clerks and Persons employed in their respective Departments of Office, and with respect to the Duty on Pensions or Stipends, to charge and assess all Persons entitled unto any such Pensions or Stipends, and respectively to Assessbtrflwrt make their Assessments according to the Provisions of this Act 5 and every such Assessor shall have free Access Documents* Ac to all Documents and Papers whatever in their respective Offices touching the Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites icquite

and Profits of any Officer, Clerk or Person aforesaid, belonging to their respective Offices, and touching the Returns front Amount of the respective Pensions or Stipends, and shall be at Liberty, whenever the same may be necessary. Parties, to require Returns from the Parties themselves, according to the Provisions of this Act, that they may be [&*§ 61, &c.] nabled to make a true Assessment in pursuance thereof.

CLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall in respect of the Profits arising Statements of from Offices or from Pensions or Stipends, chargeable before the respective Commissioners appointed for those ©Sect*Purposes in their respective Departments of Office as aforesaid, be liable to the Penalty herein contained for not routed, returning a Statement of the Profits arising from such Office Pension or Stipend, in pursuance of any general under Notice herein-before directed, nor in any Case except where the Assessor for those Profits respectively shall Not e*. t have required a Return thereof in pursuance of the next preceding Clause.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Person bolding such Offices or Employ- THe full Value anents, or being entitled unto any Pension or Stipend as aforesaid, shall claim an Allowance under this Act, or Offices fl»*ll to be discharged wholly from such Assessment, the Commissioners shall nevertheless set down in such Assessment Abatement«>U*'1 the Names of such Persons and the full and just annual Value of such Offices Employment* Pensions or Stipends; lrf claimed, and the Claims to such Abatements shall be preferred and examined, and the Merits thereof shall be hetord and determined under the Regulations of this Act with respect to other Aficflmeftts.

CLIX. And be it enacted, That where any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable by this Act, is or Deputiei i«

/ball be executed by Deputy, such Deputy shall in all Cases where he shall be in the Receipt of the Profits Receipt of thereof, be answerable for and shall payluch Assessment as shall be charged thereon, anddedudt the same out of £rofi.u* the Profits of such Office or Employment 5 and where the Salaries Fees Wages Emoluments or Profits of any ng°io

Officer or Officers in any such Office, shall be receivable by any one or more of the said Officers for the Use of othen, fhaM he such Officer or Officers, or as a Fund to be divided amongst such Officers in certain Proportions, the Officer or answerable for Officers receiving such Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits, shall be answerable for the Duties charged Duiies. thereon, and shall pay the same, and deduct the same out of the Funds provided for such respective Offices or.Employments before any Division or Apportionment thereof; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment thereof, shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having the Office or Employment, # Su $ and to all other Remedies and Penalties respectively herein contained.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers, or their respective Deputies, and the Receivers Assesson shall he and Paymastera in every publick Department ot Office, and in every other Office for which Commissioners are fumilhcd with hereby intended to be appointed for raising the Duties hereby charged on such Offices respectively, and any of Salami, Agent or Agents by whom any Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits shall be payable, shall upon request &c* e/iltceivei* to them made by the respective Assessors for the said respective Duties, deliver, gratis, true Lifts or Accounts require

of all such Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites and Profits received by them, and belonging to such Offices Returns rromd* respectively, and of all Pennons and Stipends payable to them respectively, for the better Guidance Party. of the said Assessors in charging the fame; and if the said Assessors shall be dissatisfied with such.

Accounts, it shall be lawful for them to require any Officer whose Office shall not be truly valued: in such Account, to prepare and produce to them within the like Period of Time as is limited for the Returns of other Accounts by this Act, a List or Account of the Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites apd*Profits of the; Office exercisedhy him, which Returns such Officer shall be obliged to make under the Penalties and Forfeitures dontained in this Act for not making other Returns hereby required; and from the Documents and Papers in their respective Offices the said respective Assessors shall make their Certificates of Assessment upon 46 Geo. III. 4 Z the

J22

A(T< flor* shall d«livirCciii-licare of Assessment to Commissioners, who shall allow the fame, and gram Warrant! for levying the Puties.

Officer* shall |teep Accounts ef Du'ic» flopped out of Salaries.

Department of Office shall be answerable for Peftckacki.

Arrears ftittU be K'apcjfed.

"Where Duties on Offices cannot be flopped en Non- -payment, the Amount shall he certified to »he CommitBon-fer* of tin £>i(tcict ^hrie ihcPait es ii ficic, who shall levy the same as undci § ib$. Ac.

No Qualification except their Offices required

of Commissioners in Offices.

Officer! .-^ptiiiued for Ir yun Du'ics An Offices liable to Pen.iities for

Neglect.

Duties flv.iil he deuiu'ri when 8a ar e., &c.

*». payable.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

I

the Persons holding such Offices, or entitled rtnto fqch Pensions respectively, according to the annual Value thereof at the Rate in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall m like Manner as is before directed with respect to Assessors for any Parish or Place, bring in their said Certificates to the respective Commissioners for their Allowance, who shall forthwith set their Hands to the fame, which Assessments shall be in force for One Year, commencing; and payable at the like Periods as the Assessments in Parishes are made payable; and the said respective Commissioners for the Duties on Offices shall in all Cases, where Collectors are authorized to be appointed, cause the like Duplicates to be made thereof, and delivered to Collectors, with like Warrants to collet the said Duties as is before directed to be given to Collectors for any Parish or Place 5 and the said Collectors of the said Duties on Offices shall have the like Authority to demand and levy the said Duties as is herein given to Collectors of any Parish or Place: Provided always, that in all Cases where the Duties, and any Salaries Fees Wages Perquisites or Profits of any Publick Office shall be detained and (lopped out of the fame, or out of any Monies which shall be paid thereupon, the respective Commissioners shall cause the like Duplicates to be delivered to the proper Officers in the respective Offices, who shall keep true Accounts of all Monies flopped and detained under the Authority of this Act, and shall be answerable for the fame; and the Money so detained of the Duty on Annuities Pensions or Stipends shall be accounted for, and paid in the Manner herein after directed.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the particular Department in which any Assessment shall be made of the said Duties on Offices, and Employments of Profit, or on Pensions or Stipends, shall be answerable for the Amount of the Duties which shall be charged on the respective Officers of such Department, or on the Pensions or Stipends payable by such Department, or the Officers thereof, and for the said Duties being duly detained and (lopped at such Offices, or their being demanded and levied according to the Di rest ions of this Act, as any Parish or Place is hereby made answerable for the Duties chained by virtue of this Act in such Parish or Place; and the Arrears of such Duties as may arise from the Default or Failure of any Collector appointed to collect and levy the same, or of any Officer or Person whose Duty k shall be to detain and flop the said Duties, shall be raised and levied of the particular Collectors Officers ana other Persons who shall have collected detained or flopped such Duties, and shall not have paid over the same as by this Act is directed, under the Powers contained in the said recited Acts respectively, in the Case of a Collector therein mentioned; and that in Default of recovering the same as aforesaid, the said Arrears shall be assessed on the same Officers respectively, and on the Pensions and Stipends respectively on which the said Duties shall have been charged, by duly apportioning the same among the several Officers and Persons assessed in the Assessment for the lame Department, in the same Year in which such Re assessment shall be made, according to the Amount of each Person's Assessment therein, as nearly as the Case will admit, and by the like Rules Methods and Directions, by which the original Assessment was made, and under the like Powers as are herein or in the said recited Acts it'spectively given in other Cases of Re-assessment.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person having using or exercising any Office or Employment of Profit, which shall be charged to the Duties by this Act granted thereon, and the said Duties cannot be detained and flopped in the Hands of the proper Officer or Officers, or in the Hands of any Agent or Agents employed to pay the Monies due in respect of the said Office or Employment, or the same Monies shall have been paid over to the Person or Person having using or exercising the said Office or Employment, and such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money charged upon him or them, any. Two or more of the Commissioners for raising the Duties on the said Offices shall and may, By Writing under their Hands and Seals, certify such Neglect or Refusal, and the Sum payable by virtue of this Act, to the Commissioners for executing this Act in relation to Lands Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Parish or Place where such Officer or Officers shall reside; and any Two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of such Certificate, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower the respective Collectors of the said Duties, or the Collectors*of the Parish or Places where such Officer or Officers rende, to levy the fjme by such Ways and Means as they are authorized to levy the Duties charged by them respectively in pursuance of this Act; and such Collectors are hereby authorized to execute such Warrant accordingly, and which shall be executed under the like Powers, and in like Manner as is herein after directed, and as if such Officer or Officers was or were charged to the said >utics in such Parish or Place; and the Monies arising thereby shall be paid to the Collectors charged to the said Duties on such Office or Employment.

CLXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Qualification shall be required of any of Officers or Persons herein described to be Commissioners for the Luties on ( ffices, or on Employment* of Profit, or on Pensions Stipends Annuities Interest or Dividends, contained in the several Schedules, who shall act as such Commissioners by virtue of their fever. 1 Offices, other than such Offices respectively; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Assessors and Collectors appointed to raise and assess, or levy collect and pay the Sums of Money to be charged on Offices or Employments of Profit, or on Annuities Pensions or Stipends payable by His Majesty by virtue of this Act, and also the Surveyors and Inspectors acting in relation to the said Duties, shall respectively be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures for refusing or neglecting the Performance of their Duty, or for being guilty of any Fraud or Abuse in executing the fame, as are instiftrd on such Officers respectively by the said recited Act for the like Offences.

CLXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such of the said Duties granted by this Act, and the Contributions hereby authorized, which may be detained or (lopped, and deducted out of the Sums in respect whereof they shall be charged or deducted, shall be respectively detained at such Times hi each Year as the said Sums shall be payable to the Person or Persons entitled thereto,

CLXVI. And.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII nr. C. 65.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors or Inspectors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, shall be and they are hereby empowered to insped and examine all and every the Returns made by any Person or Persons chargeable to the said Duties, or any of them, according to the Directions of this Act; and in case any of them shall be dissatisfied either with the Returns so made, or the Estimate of the Assessor or AlTelTors thereon, or shall discover any Error or OmilTion in such Estimate, or that any Deduction hath been allowed not authorized by this Act, they shall charge the same according to the bed of their Judgement, in the full Amount at which the same ought to be charged; and the said Surveyors and Inspectors shall also be at Liberty to inspe^l and evamine all and every the Assessments of the said several Duties, or any of them, made under the Authority of the respective Commissioners before mentioned, as well before as after the Commissioners shall have signed and allowed the said Assessments, and before such Allowance to correct and amend such Aflbflments, if he or they shall think fit: And every Person in whose Custody such Returns shall be shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to deliver the same into his Custody for the Purposes of this Act, taking his Receipt for the fame; and every Person in whose Custody any such Assessments shall be shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the fame, and such Surveyor or Inspector it hereby authorized to take charge of the same until he shall nave taken such Copies of or Extracts from the lame, as may be necessary for his and tl.eir better Information; and every Person wilfully obstructing such Inspector or Surveyor in the due Performance of his Duty as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds: And if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall find or difeoyer upon his Survey or Examination, or otherwise, that any Person Corporation Company or Society, who ought to be charged with the said Duties, or any of them, shall have heen omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been under rated in the Assessment, or that any Person or the Officer of any Corporation Company or Society liable to the said Duties, or any of them, being required so to do, hath neglected or refused to make a Return according to the Directions of this Act, or that the Assessor or Assessors have neglected to require a Return in any Case where a Return ought to have been required from any Person or Persons Corporations Companies or Societies according to the Intent of this Act, so that such Person or Persons ^Corporations Companies or Societies shall not have been charged to the Amount which ought to have been paid, then and in every such Case the said Surveyor or Inspector shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, together with an Account of every Default, and the full Amount of the Duty which ought to be paid by way of Surcharge, to any Two or more of the said respective Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act in relation to the Duties on which such Surcharge shall be made, in order to have such Default, or Under-rate rectified in the said Assessment; and such Commissioners are ^upon the Delivery of any such Certificate, and upon Oath being first made that a Notice of such Surcharge was given to or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or other Place of Abode of the Person so surcharged, or at the Office of such Corporation Company or Society, or with the proper Officer of such Corporation Company or Society, ) hereby required to ugn and allow the said Surcharges, and to cause the said Assessments to be rectified, and the said Duties to be levied accordingly; all which Examinations and Surcharges the said Inspectors and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make from Time to Time until a full and complete Assessment, shall have been made of all toe Properties directed to be charged by this Act; and if such Surveyors or Inspectors shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, find or discover that any Person hath omitted to make a Return within the Time herein limited, and an Assessment hath not been made of any of the said Duties by reason of such Omission, it shall be lawful for such Surveyors and Inspectors respectively to surcharge such Person in like Manner as they are authorized to surcharge any Person who hath been under-rated in the Assessment-

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment or Surcharge made or to be made by any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, by virtue of this Act, shall be impeached or afleded by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian or Surname, or either of them, of any Person liable to any of the Duties payable by this Act, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Description of any Lands or other Premises, or of any other Source or Sources of Profits to be charged according to the Directions of this Act, or the Rate ofdhe Duty surcharged, whether such Mistake or Variance shall appear in the Notice Und Certificate to be delivered or made in such Case, or in either of them; but that all iuen Assessments and /Surcharges shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpose* notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance, provided the Notice of Surcharge be delivered to or left at the Abode of the Person intended to be so surcharged according to the Directions of this Act, and the Duties intended to be described shall be chargeable on such Person or Persons.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thct it shall be lawful for any Person to whom such Notice of Surcharge shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time previous to the Time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the Delivery of such Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspector who shall have delivered the Notice of Surcharge, a true perfect and complete Schedule of the annual Value, as the same ought to be cflimated according to this Act, of all the Property charged thereby, and also a true perfect and complete Schedule of the Amount of annual Profits however arising, and which ought to be assessed by and under the Commissioners of and in the District where such Surcharge shall be delivered, in such Form as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, and as the Case may require, so that he or she may from such Schedule so delivered be charged to the said Duties the full Sum at which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of this Act, in such District: provided always, that to every such Schedule there shall be annexed an Affidavit in Writing to the Effect henein-after mentioned; and if the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied with such Schedule and Affidavit, then he shall certify such Return and Affidavit to Two or more of the said Commissioners respectively, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such Certificate, and the lame Rate of Duty as set fbtTtr in thr respective Schedules

+ Z 2 mentioned

7*3

Surveyor* and Inspectors shall have necesi to Returns and Assessmenti, with Liberty to amend the same b; f rr Allowance of Assessutcat-

Officert shall afford Accefi to Returns and Assessments Penalty loot-

Surveyor, tcc % , on inspection, may surcharge, by Certificate and Allowance of Coauniflioof era*

Surcharges hi default of Returns of (ho Part/,

No Assessment or Surcharge by any Assessor, &c. shall be impeached for Mistake in Names or D.fmprions, kk« if Notice of Surchaigei* given.

To avoid

Surcharge the Party may makf a Return after Surcharge, with an Affidavit annexrd: (Sr#

516, .)

On Surveyor's Certificate of S itisfaltion. Duty shall be chatged, or otherwise Sur-ebatff shall take place#

7-4

r c> -

W t vy -

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18£06,

5uclT.is fh .il be without

Atutrmrrt

«juvi i on

Appeal j S'C §

17c, 171.]

F. r m of

Am.i^vit in lucti Calc.

Appeal under pu* Act.

Appeal against Ccirificate of l»fpc£lor, [Set § 04. 05i it7.]

On Appeal Schedule shall he produced on Oath if lequired*

Surcharges, if coc turned, lb all he \h Double Duiv,

uul(*<s remitted l>y CommiiTiun-

Application of Overplus <»r Incrraf* of D .tv; and llewntd of

Orlieer

J^UCiurging.

Persons whose Income

does not exceed 50l. exempted irom Duty, in cci tain Cases.

Allowances for stich Income under 150!j

1 Pct £' °P the Sum byicl icli the Income is lc(s than r5o!.

mrntxned in this Act, to be charged on the Person making such Return without further Trouble or Tclav» but if upon Examination of such Schedule, or such Affidavit, the said Surv?yor or Inspector shall fee just Cause to obji ft thereto, he shall thereupon certify such Return and Affidavit, together with the Cause of his Objection, to Tv. o or more of the said Commissioners respectively, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such last mentioned Certificate in the Amount of the Duty at which such Person shall be furt harged; and from which Surcharge no Abatement shall be made on any Pretence, unless on Appeal at herein after is directed; of which Certificate Notice shall be given by the Surveyor or Inspector to the Person to be charged thereby.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Affidavit shall alledge and declare in Substance or to the Effect as follows; that is to say, That the Return to which this Affidavit is annexed, is a full perfect and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Deponent by this Act, to the bcfl of his or her Judgement; which Affidavit may be taken before any One or more of the Commissioners acting for the Place where the Surcharge shall be made, or where the Party surcharged shall reside, and shall be signed by the Party making the same: Provided always, that an Appeal may be made from any Assessment or Surcharge as aforesaid, and heard and determined under the Regulations of this Act.

CLXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself herself or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Certificate of any Inspector or Surveyor as last aforesaid, cr by any Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for him her or them respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners, in such Manner as he or they are authorized to appeal from any original Assessment or Surcharge by the Regulations of this Act.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the hearing of any such Appeal, or the Appeal against any eriginal Assessment or Surcharge, the Appellant shall in all Cases produce before the said Commissioners a true perfect and complete Schedule as directed by this Act as aforesaid, and as the Case may require, and if required so to do shall verify the same upon his or her Oath or Affirmation*

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That upon every Surcharge allowed upon Appeal by the said Commissioners upon the Certificate of the Surveyor or Inspector as directed by this Act, in Cases where na such Affidavit shall have been delivered as is before required, or the Commissioners shall be dissatisfied with the fain, the Assessment shall be made in double the Rates of Duty prescribed in the said Schedules respectively on the Amount of the Duty so surcharged, which Sum shall be added to the Assessment, and collected and levied therewith: Provided always, that upon every Appeal, if the Affidavit before'required shall have been delivered, and if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, and shall be of Opinion that there was any reasonable Cause of Controversy on the Part of the Appellant on the Subject Matter of Appeal, and that the Party hath not been guilty of any wilful Default Neglect or Oiniffion, nor wilfully done any Act with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, although they shall confirm or allow the Surcharge, or a Part thereof only, at the same Time to remit and lVrike off the Whole or any Part of the double Duty; and the Overplus of the Sum so charged above the said Rate of Duty, and which shall not be To remitted or struck off as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Receiver General to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; which Increase of Duty made by Occasion of such Surcharge, together with the Overplus aforesaid above the said Rate of Duty, and all other Increase of Duty occasioned by the Surcharge or Information of any Inspector or Surveyor under this Act, the Commissioners for executing this Act who shall have confirmed such Surcharge or made such Increase, or any Two or more of them, shall at the same Meeting certify under their Hands to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in England, and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and the said Commissioners and Barons respectively shall have Authority to direct the said Receiver General to pay to the said Surveyor or Inspector out of the said increased Duty and Overplus aforesaid, in such Proportions as they respectively shall think proper, any Sum of Money not exceeding the Rate which shall have been settled by the Lords Commissioners of the reasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, as a Reward for their Labour and Diligence in making such Surcharges; and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and Barons, or any Two or more of them respectively, shall be a Warrant to the said Receiver General to pay the same.

CLXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That evei-y Person whose annual Amount of Income, estimated according to this Act, shall be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds, and who shall be assessed to the Duties charged on the Properties or Profits described in the Schedule of Particulars contained in this Clause, or any of them, or who shall be liable to the Payment of Duty by way of Deduction in respect thereof, shall be entitled, on proving as herein after mentioned that such Income doth not exceed Fifty Pounds, to be exempted from the Payment of the Duties charged, or such of them as shall have been charged on the Properties or Profits so described in the said Schedule of Particulars, or any of them, and from all Payments by way of Deduction in respect of any Properties of the same Description; and in all Cases where such Income shall exceed Fifty Pounds, and shall be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds, such Person shall be entitled to an Allowance out of the Duties charged on the Properties or Profits so described in the said Schedule of Particulars, or any of them, or payable in respect thereof as aforesaid, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings by which the Income proved and allowed according to this Act, shall be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds, and in that Proportion for any lesser Sum than Twenty Shillings, provided that the Duties charged on the Properties or Profits so described or payable in respect thereof as aforesaid, shall be fuffisieut for that Purpose, and so far as the said Allowance can be fatwfittd out of the said Duties.

SCIiE-

46° GEORGII IH.

C. 65.

7*5

SCHEDULE of the Particulars of the Properties and Profits on which the aforesaid Allowances, in Reduction of the Duties, are to be taken in the Cases mentioned in this Clause.

First. — Profits arising from any Properties belonging to any ecclesiastical Person in Right of his Church or by Endowment or from any Properties mentioned in No. HI. of Schedule A. and Stipends oflicensed Curates 1

pecond. — Profits arising from the Occupation of Lands and Tenements chargeable under Schedule (B.): Third. — Profits arising from any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern in the Nature of Trade, or from any Profession Employment or Vocation, chargeable under the First or Second Cases of Schedule (D.): Fourth. — Profits arising from any Office or Employment of Profit chargeable under Schedule (E.):

Fifth. — The Amount of any Pension or Stipend payable out of the Publick Revenue, chargeable under Schedule (E.):

Sixth — The Amount of any Annuity or Annuities for Life or for Terms of Years, arising out of any Kind of Property, whatever, or out of Profits which respectively belong to any other Person or Persons B jdies Politick Corporations Companies or Societies whether Corporate or not Corporate, or which shall be limited for the Use of or in Troft for any such other Persons Bodies Corporations Companies or Societies to take Effect after tho-Determination of such Annuity or Annuities; provided that such Annuity or Annuities shall have been charged on such Property or Profits by any Will or L'eed where to the Claimant shall not be a Party, and shall be payable by virtue of such Will or Deed to such Clamant; provided also, that all such Claims shall be made and proved according to the Directions of this Act: Provided also, that no Exemption or Allowance shall reduce, alter, or in any Manner affect or impeach the Rate or Amount of Duty charged or to be charged on any Kind of Property t>r Profits not included in the above Schedule of Particulars.

CLXXIV. And, in order that due Provision may be made for granting the Exemption and Allowances in this Act authorized, be it further enacted, That every Person claiming such Exemption or Allowances as aforesaid, in respect of the Duties to be assessed upon him or her, shall, within the Time limited by this Act for making Returns of the Duty chargeable as directed by this Act (or within such further Time as the said Commissioners shall for special Cause assigned allow) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Flace where i'uch Claimants shall relide, and not elsewhere, except as herein after is mentioned, a Declaration in Writing, signed by him or her of his or her Intention to claim such Exemption or Allowances, which Declara- tion shall be in such Farm as may be directed under the Authority of this Act, declaring therein the particular Source or Sources from whence such Income shall arise, and the particular Amount arising from each Source, and also every Sum of annual Interest, or other annual Payment reserved or charged thereon, whereby the Income shall or may be diminished, to which Declaration every Surveyor or Inspector shall have AcceIs to take Copies of or Extrads from, under the like Powers as in other Cases; and in every Case where the Surveyor or Inspector shall not object to such Declaration within Forty Days, or such. further Tin\e as the Commifitooers, on just Cause, shall allow to him to make such Objection, it shall be lawfal for the said Commissioners to grant such Exemption or Allowances, as the Case may require, in the Manner herein after directed, without altering the Assessment; but in case the Surveyor or Inspector shall object thereto in Writing, suggesting that he hath Reason to believe that the Income of such Person is not truly declared therein in any Particular or Particulars, or not conformable to the Assessment or Assessments thereupon, then and in such Case, unless the major Part of the Commissioners present at the Time of taking such Objection into Confederation, shall fee cause to disallow such Objections, the Merits of such Claim shall be heard upon Appeal, subject to such Rules Regulations and Penalties, as other Appeals under this Act are directed to be heard and determined.

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming such Exemption or Allowance, In respect of any Deductions to which any Annuity or Annuities described in the said Schedule of Particulars and payable to such Claimant, may be liable, shall within the like Period and in like Manner as aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for General Purposes in the District where such Person shall reside, a further Declaration of his or her Intention to make such Claim; and every such last mentioned Declaration shall specify the annual Amount of every such Annuity, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom the same is payable; which last mentioned Claim shall be proceeded upon in like Manner as is before directed; provided that no such last mentioned Claim shall be allowed in respect of any Annuity or Annuities described in the said Schedule of Particulars before set forth, unless the Claimant shall produce to the said Commissioners the Will or Deed under which such Payment as aforesaid shall be to be made, or such Parts thereof as relate to such Annuity or Annuities, or an attested Copy of such Will or Deed, or such Part? thereof as aforesaid, on which no Stamp shall be required; and no such Claim shall be allowed until such Will or Deed, or such attested Copy thereof, or such Parts thereof, shall have been seen and examined by the Commissioners for Special Purposes appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and such Claim shall have been landioned by the Judgment and Determination of the said Commissioners for Special Purposes, or any Two or more of them, as coming within the Description and the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in case any such last mentioned Claim shall be ian&ioned as aforesaid by the Commissioners for Special Purposes, the Commissioners acting for such District shall proceed to determine upon such Claim, and on Allowance thereof to grant to such Claimant a Certificate, to be made out in such Form as may be directed under the Authority of this Act; and in every Case where such Claimant shall derive his or her Income, for which such Exemption or Allowance is made, from annual Payments from different Persons* a separate Certificate iathe Form before prescribed shall be delivered for each of such

separate

Na'ure of Property on which Allow antes may be nviHe.

Ecclt li iflical Property.[§ 74.]

Lands, &c. Oz* cupied. [$ 7 J

Tirade or Protcf}-fi [§ iU>] Offices. :

Pensioiv, &C*

[§ «5* ]

Piivate

Annuities,

Exemptions (hair notaltei Rates on other Properly,

Declarations Qaall be made by Personi claiming Abate* meins to ihe Comirfiflionert, ' Who may allow-(ho fame.

9^95, iz6, 127, 170, &c.J

P: rsor.s claiming Abatements in respect of de-dndUons shall deliver Declaration, specifying the Amount of Payments,

1174.] '

Securities shalf be piorluccd.

Certificate ofx Exemption,

Certificates for

separate

Amount*.

Tfcnilty on Fraud

in cUiming Ab.ucinnts, &c. 30l. and Treble Duty*.

Ru'e* for efli-sharing Income in C*fcs of Exemptions. Aggrcgare Income*.

Income from Occupation of Lands.

Lease of Tythe*.

Partnership*

Joint Occupancy of Lands.

Benefit of QUim* shall not be denied, on arcounr of Capital cm-ployed.

Labourers, Artisans, See. whose W ages do not exceed 30s. in any ote We ek, and not having other Income, exempted.

Such P. rfon may claim other Exempt ions.

At id imy have other Property.

Aberrance* for BPtemiura for Lee luiur.ime on income under 150l.

Claim shall he made where the

Cia mant r< fidoj Nvnrtficlencs (hill claim by AAdavit.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

separate Payments* in a due Proportion to the Amount of each Payment respectively, in order that each such Cer-tiheate may be Separately applied as herein directed 5 and if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance in making such Claim, or in obtaining any inch Exemption or Allowance, or shall fraudulently conceal, or untruly declare any Income or Amount of Income, or shall make a Second Claim for the same Cause, he (he or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds and Treble the Duty chargeable in respect of all the Sources of Income of such Person or I'crfonr., and as if such Claim had not been allowed.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Income on which an E'emption or Allowance may be granted shall be estimated according to the following Rules, which shall be deemed a Part of this Act, as if the Same had been inserted under a Special Enactment.

First. — In Cases of Aggregate Income arising from Two or more Sources, where any Part thereof shall arise from Property or Profits not included in the Particulars for which an Exemption or Allowance is directed to be made, the Amount of Duty hereby charged on such Property or Profits shall be deducted from the Estimate of Income, and the Amount of Income shall be estimated after such Deduction made; provided that the Charge on Property or Profits, not included in the said Particulars, shall not be affected by such Deduction or Estimate, but shall be charged and levied as if no such Claim had been made:

Second. — The Income arising from the Occupation of Lands or Tenements, if in England, shall be estimated for the Purpose of granting such Exemption or Allowance at Three-fourths of the annual Value thereof, on which the Duty under Schedule (B)hath been charged, and if in Scotland at One Half of such annual Value; and the Income arising from a Lf afe of or Composition for Tythes shall be estimated at One-Fourth of such annual Value thereof; and the Exemption or Allowance in respect of such Income shall be granted on the Amount, so estimated:

Third. — In Cases of Partnership, none but an acting Partner shall be admitted to claim such Exemption or Allowance, and in case only Such Partner shall have declared his Proportion of Profits in order to a Separate Assessment*:

Fourth. — In Cases of joiat Occupancy of Lands, none but the Occupiers personally acting therein shall be admitted to make such Claim, and in Cases only of such Separate Assessments as aforesaid s Fifth. — No Person acquiring an Income by Means of the Occupation of Lands, or of any Concern in working the Soil, or by means of any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern in the Nature of Trade, or of any Profession Employment or Vocation, shall be denied the Benefit of such Claim by reason of the Property or Capital bona fide employed in or about the Concern, or under Pretence that the Profits arising therefrom are derived from the Property or Capital so employed.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Income of any Person shall have arisen wholly from Labour at daily or weekly Wages, or by the Talk or Piece either at a Labourer Artifanor Handicrartfmaa Mechanic or Manufacturer and the Wages received shall not have exceeded in any One Week in the preceding Year, or in any subsequent Week previous to the Assessment, the Sum of Thirty Shillings, or other greater Wages or Earnings from Employment in Husbandry in Time of Harvest, and the same shall be proved by the Declaration in Writing of such Person signed by him or her in his or her own Name in the Form and Manner diivded in this Act, and by the Certificate of any Person or Persons by whom such Wages or any Part thereof shall have been paid, certifying the Rate of such Wages and the Duration of Service, and his her or their Belief in the Truth of the Matters of such Dedai^tion as far as they may be within his or their Knowledge, and in case it shall appear that such Person shall not be in the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money arising from any other Source, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners and others acting in the Execution of this Act, without further Account to adjudge the Income so arising for the preceding Year as not amounting to Fifty Pounds, and to grant an Exemption from the said Duty in respect of such Income: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain any such Person from claiming and proving his Claim to any other Exemption or Allowance granted by this Act in the Manner directed by the preceding Clauses of this Act: Provided also, that no Labourer Artisan Handicraftsman Mechanic or Manufactureer shal be excluded from the Benefit of such Exemption, in respect of such Wagesas aforesaid, by reason of his deriving a Part of his Income from Property not exceeding the annual Value of Five Pounds.

CLXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall have duly claimed and proved his Title to such Allowance as aforesaid for Income less than One hundred and fifty Pounds fer Annum, and such Person shall have made Insurance on his Life or on the Life of his Wife, the Amount of the annual Premium whereon shall have been included in the /mount of such Income, there shall be granted out of the Duties io charged a further Allowance, bearing the like Proportion to the Amount of Duty charged as the Amount of such Premium bears to the Amount of Income proved.

CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Claim shall be made to the Commissioners of the District where the Claimant shall reside, whether such Claimant shall be personally charged in ! such District c.r not; except where the whole Income of the Claimant shall arise from an Office or Employment of Profit, the Duties whereon are cognizable before the Commissioners of a Department of Office, or from a Per.lion or Stipend, in all which Cases the Claim may he made to, and allowed by the Commissioners of such Department of Office wherein the said Duties are cognizable under the Regulations of this Act; and if such Claim? rt shall be out of Great Britain an Affidavit dating the several Matters required by this Act, taken before any Person having Authority to administer an Oath in the Place where such Claimant shall reside, in any Matter relating to any Part of the Publie Revenue of Great Britain, may be received by the respective Commissioners for executing this Act, in relation to the Assessmenton which such Chum shall be founded.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 65-,

727

lolloping Ruse*.

How anted am Income wholly

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Exemptions and Allowance! granted under the Authority Exemption! and of this Act shall be granted according to the following Rules, and as the same are applicable to the Cafe*'

in question, which Rules shall be deemed a Part of this Act as if tl»e same had been inserted under a specialramc. , y 1 , f Enactment.

First. — In all Cases where Claims shall be made in respect of the gross Charge on Property or Profits of the Claimants arising wholly in the same Pari (h or P'ace where the Claimant shall re side, the Commissioners (Mall canfe an Entry thereof to be made in their Books, with the Names of the Claimants, and the Amounts of their in

respective Incomesas proved, and the Amount of the Sums allowed to each Claimant; and in Cases of Exemption shall exclude the whole Sum from the Net Afilffment, ard in Cases of Allowance* shall include in the Net Assessment the Difference only betwee n the gross Assessment and the Sum allowed, and shall canfe Certificates of the Net Assessments to be delivered to the Collectors, but without discharging in any other Manner the gross Assessment or (Inking the lame out of their Books.

Second. — In all Cases where any such Claim as aforesaid (halite maeje, in respect of the Charge on Property or How granted 01 Profits of the Claimants, arising in different Parishes or Places in the same District, and by the same Commis- Income arifi-g sioners, or partly on such Property or Profits, and partly in respect of any Annuity of Annuities arising out of c![5erenl. Property or Profits charged upon any Person or Persons other than the Claimant, and the Assessment on such; /»*

Claimant in apy, One Parish or Place in the District where such Claim shall be made, shall be sufficient to answer c 1 M i the Amount of the Allowance made to such Claimant, it shall Iy>. lawful for the Commissioners to allow the whole Sum in such One Parish or Place, and to proceed therein ut in the First Rule, as if the whole Property or Profits of the Claimant had arisen in such One Parish or Place 5 and where One such Assessment shall not be sufficient, they shall apportion the Allowance between Two or more such Assessments, in such Manner as they shall think fit, without regard to the Proportion in which such Property or Profits in each such Parish or Place shall have been assessed, and so as to give Relief to the Party in the most convenient Manner, and shall make their Entries of Discharge in the Books of the respective I arishes accordingly; and where such Claim or in differ*

tThcie Clnim m

shall be made in respect of the Charge on Property or Profits of the Claimant, arising indifferent Parishes or Places, situate in different Districts of Commissioners, and the Assessment or Assessments on such Claimant in the District where such Claim shall have been made shall not be sufficient to answer the Allowance to be made to such Claimant, then the Commissioners by whom the Claim shall have been allowed shall grant a Certificate for such Part of the Allowance as cannot be made in that District where the Claim was to allowed, and in case the Deficiency can be satisfied out of any Assessment on the said Claimant in any other District, shall grant a Certificate thereof dating the Amount of the Allowance to be made in such other District 5 all which Certificates shall be delivered to the Collectors of the respective Parishes where the Assessments to which such Certificates relate shall have been made; and the Collector or Collegers shall receive such Certificates as Caffi, and shall act in all respects as if the Amount of the Allowance in each Parishor Place had been in Proportion to the Assessment therein, and the Certificate shall be returned to the Commissioners of the same District in the Manner directed by the Seventh Rule herein-af er set forth, in order that the said Commissioners may enter the same in their Books iu discharge of the Sums so certified, and as if the same Allowances had been granted by them in the Manner directed in other Cases falling within the fai l Fird and Second Rules s

Third. — In all Cases where any such Claim as aforesaid shall be made in respect of any Annuity or Annuities marfeinrefped^ before described, arising out of Property or Profits charged upon any Person or Persons, other than the Cty'- ofincome mant, either wholly or in 1 art, and which cannot be satisfied out of any Assessments made on the Claimant, from Property according to the Second Rule, or in respect of any such Annuity or Annuities charged on Publick Annuities cl'ar8rd°n Dividends and Shares, the Duty whereon shall be paid by the respective Persons and Corporations entrulled lie*

with the Payment of such Publick Annuities Dividends and Shares, a Certificate signed by the Commissioners granTcd specify-granting the Allowance, shall in each Case be de'ivered to such Claimant in respect of such Annuity or ing the Annuities, specifying the Amount of Income of the Claimant, the Amount of such Annuity or Annuities, Allowance, and by whom payable, and the Amount of the Allowance in respect of such Annuity or Annuities:

Fourth. — Every Certificate granted according to the Third Rule, except for Annuities payable out of Publick Such Certificate* Annuities as aforesaid in the actual Receipt of the Annuitants, shall be delivered by the Claimant to the J^|JrJl % crf<* Person by whom the Annuity or Annuities mentioned therein shall be payable at the Time of such Payment, diking the and shall be an Authority to the Claimant to demand the Amount of such Allowance, together with the Paymentj Residue of such Annuity or Annuities, without further Deduction thereout than such Sums, if any, as shall after such Allowance remain chargeable in respect of such Annuity or Annuities; and every such Certificate granted in respect of any Annuity payable out of Publick Annuities as aforesaid in the actual Receipt of the Annuitants, shall be delivered by the Claimant to the Collector or Collectors of the Parish or Place where such Annuitants shall reside, by Indorsement under the Hand of such Person, and shall be received by such Collector as Cash, and applied by him according to the Sixth Rult here in-after mentioned.

Fifth — Every Certificate granted under the Third Rule, and delivered to the Person mentioned therein as liable Certificate tw to the ayment of such Annuity or Annuities, shall be transferred to the Collector or Collectors of the P.mies fra* te Parish or Place where such Person shall reside by Indorsement under the Hand of such Person, and shall be Jr; , n'f*rrfd ttt received from such Person by such Collector as Cash on account of such Person indorsing the fame: Collector.

Sixth — Every Certificate granted under the Authority of this Act, and delivered to any Collector or Collectors ah CeHific as aforesaid, either by the Commissioners or the Person named therein, shall be applied in Discharge or Ot-U operate by Satisfaction of so much of the Duty charged on and then payable by the Person delivering the same or on fa, >'fy, ng the whose Account the Allowance was granted; and in case the Assessments on such Persons shall have been Afr'nf fully paid and liatisfied before the Delivery of such Certificates, or in case such Assessment shall be iusufficient, or no such Assessment shall have been made on such Persons in the Parish where such Certificates shall be delivered, the said Collector or Collectors shall pay to the Persons transferring such Certifi. ates, by Iqdorfement, the Amount of the Allowances granted thereby, or so much (hereof as shall be hc; ffhry:

5 Seventh

or ro the CulUftuc.

unpiid; or

h II ntiile rl.e B arrr to*Repnj rouiC

Certificates (Kail be (ieiivered to '1Comrniflk>net* by Collector, who (Kail receive a "Sclndu'e of Discharge.

Oiv Claims in refyedt of Annuities,

Claimant ftnll return a Stale-men r of his whole Income.

Seventh. — Every Certificate transferred to any Collector or Collectors by Indorsement shall be numbered progressively by him or them, and before the Accounts for that Year shall be closed shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners of the District by the respective Collectors, taking the Clerk's Receipt for the fame, who shall enter the same in a Book to be provided for that Purpose in their Order as numbered progressively; and the said Commissioners shall cause a Schedule thereof to be carefully prepared for each Parish or Place in their Dillrid, which shall be signed by them, and delivered to the Receiver General in Discharge of so much of the Assessments in such Parishes or Places respectively; all which Schedules, made and signed under the Authority of this Act, shall be allowed in the Accounts of the respective Receivers General:

Xighth. — No CMm in respect of any Annuity or Annuiti s shall be admitted, unless the Claimant shall have duly returned, or caused to be returned within the Time in this Act limited, and in the Manner herein directed, a full true and perfect Statement of the Whole of his or her Income, estimated according to this Act to the best of his or her Judgement or Belief, from whatever Source or Sources the same may anse, and also -a Declaration annexed to such Statement of his or her Intention to make such Claim.

'Joint Tenant#, &c. may fevc-rally claim Abatements.

"Incept in certain Cases of Occupation: of Lands.

Commissioners for Offices maygramExem prions or Allowances Her PeofioM.

Claims may be m dc by .Agents on Account of others.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That Coparceners, Joint Tenants, or Tenants in Common, of the Profits of any Property whatever, and any Joint Tenants or Tenants of Lar ds or Tenements in Partnership, being in the actual and joint Occupation thereof in Partnership, and entitled to the Profits thereof in Shares, and personally labouring therein, or managing the lame; and any Partners carrying on Trade, or exercidug any Profession together, and entitled to the Profits thereof in Shares, and personally acting therein, may severally claim such Exemptions or Allowances, according to their respective Shares and Infceceilsin the Manner before directed; and such Claims being duly proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to whom the same are made, may be proceeded upon as in the Cases of several Interests: Provided always, that the Profits so arising shall not in any Case be charged separately to the Duty in respect of the Occupation of Lands, where Lands shall be let, or under-let without relinquishing the Possession by the Lessor, or where the Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, shall not be exclusively in the Possession and Occupation of the Lands so let.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners for the Departments of Office, before whom any Claims for Exemptions or Allowances in respect of Pensions or Stipends payable at those Offices respectively shall be made, may proceed therein upon Reference to the Documents in their respective Offices, without requiring the Production by the Claimant of any Grant of such Pensions or Stipends, or other Documents, authorizing such Payments, and without obtaining the Judgement and Determination of the Commissioners for Special Purposes therein.

CLXXX1IL And be it further enacted, That any such Claim or Appeal may be made by any Guardian Trustee Attorney Agent or Fador on Account of others, in any Case where satisfactory Proof shall be made that the Party claiming such Exemption or Allowance is unable to attend in Person, or such Claim may be made by the several Persons acting in any of the Characters herein-before described, in such Manner as they may act for others, for the Purpose of being assessed on their Account in the first In fiance, as herein-before directed.

Claims to CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case of a Claim of Exemption or Allowance at

Exemptions, Ice. aforesaid, if the Commissioners for General Purposes shall think proper to require a Verification of the shall be verified Declaration to be so delivered as aforesaid, or of the Statement delivered by the Party, or therein contained, required; or an7 Part thereof, they shall give Notice thereof to the Person or Persons claiming such Exemption or Allowance, to appear before them to verify such Declaration or Statement; and every rerson to whom such Notice shall be given, shall and he and (he is hereby required to appear before the said Commissioners, and 04 Oath or solemn Affirmation, to be administered by One or more of the said Commissioners, to verify the Contents of his or her Declaration or Statement, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be, that the Contents of such Declaration are true, to the best of his or her Judgement or Belief, and which Oath or Affirmation shall be tfaing previously signed or subscribed with the proper Name of the Party taking the fame; provided such Person shall be at*amended. Liberty to amend such Declaration or Statement, or any Part thereof* before he or she shall be required to take such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid.

Mode of CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if in the Course of any Inquiry before the said respective

ascertaining Commissioners for the Purpose of granting any Exemption or Allowance authorized by this Act, they shall Amount of think it necessary to ascertain the Amount of the Charge on any Person or Persons out of the Limits of the City the Charge^on Town or Place for which they shall act, then and in such Case the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall, vaiM^uDiftrifl 1. on a Certificate or Certificates thereof, transmit such Certificates to the respective Commissioners acting for the, 0 Division or Place or Divisions or Places where such Person has been assessed or charged to such other Duties;

and the said last mentioned Commissioners shall, on the Receipt of such Certificates respectively, inquire into the Amount of the Sum or Sums with which such Person or Persons have been charged to such Duties within the Limits of the Division or Place where such last mentioned Commissioners ad; and the said last mentioned Commissioners, having satisfied themselves of such Sum or Sums, shall transmit a Certificate thereof under the Hands of any Two or more of them to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be laid before the said Commissioners making such Inquiry as aforesaid, to the End that such Person or Persons may be jufUy charged, and such Exemptions or Allowances may be granted as directed by this Act.

Relief from CLXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall have been or shall be

J>ouble AffeflT- assessed in One District to the Duties, whether charged on such Person or Persons on his, her, or their ownVd in To* Accounts, orn any t^ie Characters herein-before described on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons, moitJMriJli. an<* have been or shall be again assessed in another District for the same Cause, and on the same Account, 'it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to apply to the Commissioners for General Purposes acting in or , 4 for

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. - C. 65. 729

for the Division or Place for which such Persons shall havq been so assessed as aforesaid, for the Purpose of being relieved from such Double Assessment, and the Commissioners acting for the Division or Place within which such Person or Persons shall have been first assessed to the said Duties, shall, upon Application, give or cause to be given a Certificate under the Hands of any Two of such Commissioners, of the Amount of the Assessment there made, which Certificate shall be given gratis; upon the Production of which Certificate to the Commissioners for General Purposes acting for such other Diilricl within which such Person or Persons shall have been assessed for the same Cause, and on the same Account, such luff-mentioned Commissioners shall cause the Double Assessment made in such District, or such Part thereof for which such Double Assessment shall be made, to be vacated, so that such Person or Persons may not remain charged by more than One Assessment for the same Cause, and on the same Account.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for General Purposes, acting in relation to Commissioners the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) shall, in their respective Books of Assessment, enter and cause to be shall enter entered the several Amounts of the Sum3 assessed by them; and they shall from Time to Time make out or Assessmcnu cause to be made out, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Accounts of the Amount of Duty assessed by them, distinguishing the Amount charged on each Person, which Accounts shall severally be made out, with the Particulars required by this Act: and they shall fend Accounts also from Time to Time make out or cause to be made out, and shall transmit or cause to be transmitted to the to the Tax Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, Lifts containing the Name Description and Place of Residence, of all Office, and every Person or Persons assessed by them respectively, as soon as the same conveniently can be done, which Lifts shall be made out according to an alphabetical Arrangement of the respective Parishes or Places of Residence in their respective Districts.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners, or Commissioners any Two or more of them, executing this Act in relation to the aforesaid Duties, or any of them, and they shall issue their are hereby respectively required, for the Districts for which they ad, within One Calendar Month after the First Day of hearing Appeals, all Appeals then made being first determined, to issue out and deliver to the tj, CDuties' felpedive Collectors Duplicates of the aforesaid Duties charged at the respective P.atw mentioned in the respective Schedules herein recited, together with their Warrants, as directed by the said recited Acts respectively, for the speedy and effectually levying and collecting the said Duties as the same shall become payable by Quarterly*Instalments, in the respective Parts of Great Britain as herein directed, distingii'shing the [* Query? Amount charged on each of the said recited Schedules; and such Part thereof as cannot be levied and or Half-yearly, ' collected according to the Powers of this Act in the Parish or Place where the same are charged, or by $ee § , 91.] Certificate in any other Parish or Place according to the Directions of the Acts herpin-mentioned, shall be Duties uncol-recovcrable as a Debt upon Record to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit, , c<^ed shall be and all Charges attending the fame; and when so recovered the said Duties shall be paid to the Receiver Dcbl*onRecor General, in aid of the Parish or Place answerable for the same.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Parish or Place in which any Assessment shall have been Parifl* shall be made, or shall be made of the aforesaid Duties by the Commissioners for General Purposes, under any of the answerable for Schedules marked (A.B. or D.) shall be answerable for the Amount of the Duties which shall fohave been, or Culle&or*. be charged in such Parish or Place, and for the said Duties being duly demanded of the respective Persons charged therewith, according to the Regulations contained in the said recited Acts respectively, by the Collector or Collectors appointed for such Parish or Place, and also for such Collector or Collectors duly

Othe Sums by him or them received to the Receiver General of the said Duties according to such itions.

CXC. And be it further enacted, That any of the Arrears of the said Duties arising from the Default as Arrears shall be aforesaid, or by the Failure of any Collector, for which any Parish or Place as aforesaid shall be answerable, -assessed. shall be assessed within or upon such Parish or Place as soon after such Default shall be dififcovered as conveniently can be done, and shall be charged on the Amount of the Assessment which shall be made for the same Duties in the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April preceding the Time of making such Re-assessment, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year, in the Assessment of the same Duties on which such Arrear shall have accrued, according to the Amount of each

Person's Assessment therein, as nearly a6 the Case will admit, and by the like Rules Methods and Directions

by which the original Assessment was made, to be raised and levied in such Manner as any Assessment may be by virtue of this Act raised and levied under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that this Act cannot be executed previous to the Commissionera Time appointed for the Payment of the First or any subsequent Instalment of the said last mentioned Duties, or shall xdjufl within the Year of Assessment, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for General Purposes who shall hav/e Timet of Pay-, made or allowed any Assessment after the Period appointed for any such Payment, which they are hereby menV^I?e declared to be competent to do whenever the same shall be necessary, to settle and adjust at what Time and ar^clapsed)and

in what Proportions the Instalment or Instalments, of which the Time or Times for Payment shall then have Sums to be

elapsed, shall be paid, in such Manner as to them shall appear just and reasonable, regard being had to the pa'.d; not left Number of Days appointed for the Payment of Instalments then to come (if any) in the Year of making the rh5*n the Assessment; provided that on or before every Quarterly Day of Payment as herein mentioned, after the x*ro Ousitertr*making such Assessment in the same or any subsequent Year, the said Commissioners shall direct at lead the instalment*. Amount of Two Quarterly Payments to be made until all Arrears, either for that or any former or subsequent Year, shall have been completed.

CXCII. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made under this A £ within the Year Assessmenti shall appointed for making the same, shall be deemed to be for the current Year or Years, and shall be in force foe* for Q"e (UlC Geo. III. 5 A such currem) Year

730 C. 65.

4&" GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

ynyiUp by <^uarrr> ly Infijlme rs, in "England, and Half-yearly in Scotland.

KoHees fli 'll be g ren from Time ro Time to Residenrx who have nut been before ct.aig-d; to declate where charged, or deliver a JSratement for the Purpose of being assessed; Penalty on Party refusing 20 I.; Aff ff-snent of such Party.

Penalty on. Person* removing out of a Pari (h or Place, without lemming Statement or discharging Assessment, or not leaving sufficient Goods to farisfy the Arrear, lol.

On C«-r; ificate of Tax Office. Arrears shall be levied by Di diets in the Dilir'ilt where the Party resides, and any Deficiency Hull be rrcoveialde as a Debt on Record.

Commissioners shall settle Dif-sciences between /. irdlordsr and T enants, &c. as to Pioporuons of Duly.

such Year or Years and every Assessment made after the Expiration of any Year in which the same ought t*> have been made, shall be deemed to be for the Whole of the Year or Years Current when the Assessment ought to have been made, and such Year shall commence from the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and six, for the First Assessment, and for every subsequent Assessment during the Continuance of this Act from the Fifth Day of April in such Year; and the said Duties which shall be charged in England, Wales, and Berwick-ttpon- weed, except where the same shall be detained and flopped at the respective Offices, shall be payable in each Year by Four Quarterly instalments at the Times following 5 videlicet, on or before the Twentieth Day of June for the Firil Quarterly Instalment, on or before the Twentieth Day of September for the Second Quarterly Instalment, on or before the Twentieth Day of Decemler for the Third Quarterly Instalment, and on or before the Twentieth Day of March for the Last Quarterly Instalment, in each Year; and in Scotland, the said Duties shall be payable by Two Half Yearly Liflal % ?nts; videlicet, on or before the Twentieth Day of September for the First Half Yearly Instalment, and on or before the Twentieth Day of March for the Daft Half Yearly Instalment, the Payment thereof for the First Assessment to be regulated as to the Proportion of the Sums and Times of Payment by the respective Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained.

CXCIII. nd be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall come into any Parish or Place wherein such Person or Persons shall not have been before charged to the said Duties contained in any of the said Schedules, for the said Year, the Assessor or Assessors, or Collector or Collectors, or any inspector or Surveyor, shall give or leave Notice in Writing to or for every such Person so residing within the Limits for which such Assessors, Collectors, Inspectors or Surveyors, respectively act, to make out and deliver within Fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a Declaration in Writing signed by him or her with his or her own proper Name, which shall specify the Name of the Parish or Place, County cr Counties, wherein such Persons shall have been assessed as aforesaid for such Year, and also to produce the Certificate of such Assessment, or in Default thereof to deliver a Statement for the Purpose of being assessed in such Parish or Place; and if any such Person as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make out and sign and deliver such Declaration or Statement as aforesaid, within the Time before-mentioned, or shall make any false or untrue Return therein in any Particular thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and when in any Case it shall not appear in the Assessment of any Parish or Place for that Year, that any Person or Persons residing or being therein, shall have been assessed to the said Duties in the same Parish or Place, then and in such Case it shall be lawful to the respective Commissioners acting for the said District, and they are hereby required to proceed in Manner before directed, to assess such Persons to the said several Duties, or either of them, in like Manner, in every Respect, as if such Person had been resident in such Parish or Place at the Time of the Publication of Notices as directed by this Act, unless such Person shall prove to their Satisfaction that he or she hath been duly charged in Tome other Parish or Place, and hath paid or satisfied the Dut es so charged; and if any Person or Persons, before or after Notice given to return a Statement as aforesaid, shall remove out of such Parish or Place without returning such Statement, or before an Assessment shall be made on him her or them, with Intent to evade an Assessment, or if any Person or Persons being assessed to the said Duties shall remove out of the Parish or Place where he she or they shall have been assessed to the said Duties, without first paying or discharging all the said Duties charged Upon him her or them, which shall then be due and payable, or without leaving in such Parish or Place sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, and the same shall remain in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of Twenty Days after the Time appointed by this Act for Payment thereof, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay (over and above the said Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid) the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in every such Case, and also in every Case where any Person or Persons shall reside in any other Parish or Place than the Parish or Place where the Charge shall be made on him her or them, in pursuance of this Act, and the same shall be certified to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be in Arrear and unsatisfied in the Whole or in Part, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxec, to certify to the Commissioners of the District within which such Person or Persons shall reside, the whole Amount of the Assessment made upon such Person or Persons, and such last mentioned Commissioners shall thereupon issue a Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of the whole Duty that shall then have been assessed on such Person or Persons, together with the Costs and Charges attending the fame; and if Goods or Chattels cannot be found whereon such Distress shall be fully made, then and in every such Case the Whole of such Arrear of Duty, and Costs and Charges as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as cannot he levied and collected by Distress as aforesaid, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, together with all Costs and Charges attending the same.

CXCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between Tenant and Landlord, or any other Person or Persons to whom any Interest Rent Rent Charge Annuity Fee-Farm-Rent Rent-Service Quit-Rent Feu Duty or other Rent or annual Payment, shall be payable, touching the Sums to be deducted thereout on account of the Duties hereby charged haVing been paid, or between the Occupier for the Time being, and any .former Occupier of any Messuages Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, his her or their Executors Administrators or Assigns, touching the Proportion of Duty to be paid or allowed by cither Tarty, the respective Commissioners for General Purposes, or any Two or more of them, in their several District?, shall have Authority, and they are hereby required, to settle the Proportions of such Payments and Deductions as shall be according to the Directions of this Act; and in default of Payment to levy the same respectively under the like Powers as they might have levied the same if the Assessment had been made in the same Proportions and to pay over the same to the Collector or Party as the Case may require; and the Judgement and Determination of such Conunifiioners shall be final.

CXCV\ Provided

A.D. 1805. 46° GEORGII III. C. 65. 731

CXCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contract CovenaiA or Agreement between NoContrad* Landlordand Tenant, or any other Persons, touching the Payment of Taxes and Assessments to be charged on of Lmdljri* their respective Premises, shall be deemed or construed to extend to the Duties charged thereon as aforesaid, nor to be binding contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, but that all such Duties shall be charged upon comrary to Out and paid by the respective Occupiers, subject to such Deductions and Repayments as are by this Act authorized act. and atlowed; and all such Deductions and Repayments shall be made and allowed accordingly, notwithstanding such Contrafts Covenants or Agreements.

CXCVL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought to be charged asdirested by this Act, Penalty on Perm shall, by fraudulently changing or having changed his or her Place of Residence, or by fraudulently converting Took fraudulently or having converted his or her Property, or any Part thereof, or by fraudulently releasing assigning or conveying, , Mrir

or having frat dulently released assigned or conveyed the fame, or any Part thereof, or by making and delivering (^vurm'g ° any such Statement or Schedule as aforesaid, which shall be false or fraudulent, or having any Property charge- i*rj>ery, able as last aforesaid, shall fraudulently convert or shall have fraudulently converted the fame, or any Part thereof, Ueliveing fjif« by altering or having altered any Security with relation to such Properly, or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered the fame, or any Part thereof temporarily unproductive, in order that such Person may not be charged double for the fame, or any Part thereof, or by any Falsehood wilful Negjleft Fraud Covin Art or Contrivance whatsoever, already used or praftfod, or to be used or practised, shall not be charge ! and assessed according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person shall, on Proof thereof before any Two or more of the said respective Commifli >ners for General Purposes, acting for the District wherein such Person shall be chargeable, be charged and aiTefled Double the Amount of the Charge which ought to have been made on such Person if no such Charge shall have been made; and if any such Charge shall have been made which shall be less than the Charge which ought to have been made, on such Person, then such Person shall be assessed and charged over and above l uch former Charge, Double the Amount of the Difference between the Sum with which such Person shall have been charged, and the Sum with which he or she ought to have been charged, to be added to such Assessment, and applied as in other Cases as aforesaid.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That if by any Error an Assessment, or any Part thereof, shall be made Relief for double upon the Profits or Gains arising from any Property, or from any Office or Employment of Profit which shall Aifeflaiemi in have been otherwise charged, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting for General Purposes, in relation c, nfr<lu*ncc of to the Duties contained in Schedule (D)on due Proof thereof to their Satisfaction, to cause such Assessments or ^eduie f D)such Part thereof as shall be so doubly assessed, to be vacated, and which Proof shall be either by a Certificate of propfrly orher-the Assessment made on such Property, or on such Office or Employment, under the Hands of Two or more of wife charge4blc, the Commissioners by whom such last mentioned Assessment shall have been made, and that the same is included in such last mentioned Assessment, or by other lawful Evidence given on those Fasts, on the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses; and whenever such Commissioners shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that such double Assessment hath been made, and is not vacated, and that Payment hath been made of both Assessments, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to order anddireft the Receivers General, who shall have received the Sums so doubly assessed, to repay the same to the Party, which Order shall be an Authority to such Receiver General to repay the fame, and such Re-payment shall be allowed in his Accounts.

CXCVIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Computation of Duty to be made under this Act, in any of No DcduAion* the Cases before mentioned, either by the Party making the same, or by the respective Commissioners, it shall shall he allowed not be lawful to make any other Deductions therefrom than such as are expressly enumerated in this Act, nor to , M, t fu[h I5.*' make any Deduction which by any of the Rules contained in the said Schedules or in this Act, aredirested not

to be allowed or made, nor to make any Deduction on account of any Annual Interest Annuity or other Annual Payments to be paid to any Person or Persons, out of any Profits or Gains chargeable by this Act, except the Interest of Debts due to Foreigners not resident in Great Britain, in regard that a proportionate Part of the Duty so to be charged, is allowed to be deducted, on making such Payments 5 nor to make any Deduction from the Profits or Gains arising from any Property herein described, or from any Office or Employment of Profit on account of Diminution*of Capital employed, or of Loss sustained in any Trade Manufactture Adventure or Concern, or in any Profession Employment or Vocation.

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with the Duties hereby Par*nr*an<! made payable as aforesaid, shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or where any Persons so chargeable Gmrdians liaMe shall die, in every such Case the Parents Guardians or Tutors ol such Infants respectively, upon Default of f*»r Ir.*am«, and Payment by such Infants, and the Executors and Administrators of the Persons so dying, shall be and are hereby p*CrCm°d*made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Infants ought to have made, or the Persons so dying Ci ops were chargeable with; and if such Parents Guardians or Tutors, or such Executor or Administrator shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to proceed against them in like Manner as against any other Person or Persons making Default of Payment of the said Duties; and all Parents Guardians or Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, mail be allowed all and every Sum and Sums paid for such Iufknts, in his her or their Accounts, and all Executors and Administrators shall be allowed to deduct all such Payments out of the Assets of the Person lb dying.

CC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon any such Examination on Oath or Affirmation, or in Penalty on any Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation, authorized by this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, Person* guirty t or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be falle or untrue, every such of Perjury. Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

5 A a CCI. An*

G. 65*

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Indi&menrsmsy

be hied where Affidavit was exhibited.

Punishment nf P- rfons guilty of forging or alteiing Certifi. cites, Receipts, St c.

Fdony, punishable by 14 Years Transportalion.

Evidence may be received of l'i rfons .idling as Commistioneis or officeis, with out p*o<lucing Cum millions.

Yolunta*y

Conrribut'ons may be received at the Bank of England.

CCI. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information for Perjury committed in any such Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation as aforesaid, whether the same shall be taken or made within Great Britain or without, shall and may be laid tried and determined in the County where such Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation shall be exhibited to the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

CCIT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in forging counterfeiting or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, authorizing or purporting to authorize any Allowance under this Act, or the Amount of any Sum or Sums contained in any Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners, after the same shall have been delivered by the said Commissioners; or any Certificate or Receipt which the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or any Receiver General or his Deputy, are or is by this Act authorized to give on the Receipt of any Money payable under this Act, or shall utter any such forged counterfeited or altered Certificate, or any such Receipt, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, H is Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convi led, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

CCIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Trial of any Indictment Information Action Suit or Prosecution whatsoever, or in any Proceedings relative thereto, under and by virtue of this cr the said recited Acts, or for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or for any Offence committed against this Act, or in any Matter arising out of this Act, or on Occasion thereof, any Question shall arise whether any Person be a Commissioner or Officer of or for the said Duties, or commissioned or appointed to act as such, then and in every such Case Proof may be made and admitted, that such Person was reputed to be or had*acted as such Commissioner or Officer, or acted under such Commission or Appointment at the Time and Times respectively when the Matter or Matters in Controversy upon such Trial or Trials, or other Proceedings shall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to nave been done or performed, without producing or pro\ing the particular Commission Appointment Nomination or other Authority whereby such Commissioner or Officer was conllituted and appointed; and that in every such Case such Proof shall be deemed and taken by all Judges Justicea or Commissioners before whom any such Trial or Proceedings shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CCIV. ' And Whereas His Majesty's Subjects residing out of Great Britain, and others, may be desirous of*voluntarily contributing towards the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or Politick, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to pay or cause to be paid to the said Governor and Company, or to their Caftiier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, any Sum or Sums of Money as and for a voluntary Contribution for the Purpose of carrying on the War; and in such Case to require a Certificate or Certificates for the fame, acknowledging the Payment of such voluntary Contribution, which Sums to be paid as aforesaid, for which such Certificates shall be required, shall be deemed and taken to be voluntary Contributions of such Persons, Body Politick or Corporate respectively, towards effecting the Purposes of this Act, and shall be applied as the other Monies paid into the Bank of England by virtue of this Act may be applied.

CCV. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, for each Year during the Continuance of this Act, under the Title of "The Commissioners of the Treasury, on Account of Contributions granted and allowed by Parliament for the Year " and shall carry

to the Credit of such Account, all Monies arising from the Duties charged at the said Bank of England, and also all the Monies authorized by this Act to be paid to the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, within each such Year during the Continuance of this Act; except such Monies as shall be paid at the said Bank of England, under a Certificate lettered or numbered, authorizing such Payment in respect of particular Assessments as before directed to be placed to another Account.

CCVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons shall have paid or shall hereafter pay into the Bank of England, or to any Receiver General, any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the Duties herein recited, and it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that such Sum or Sums, or any Part thereof, was so paid by Mistake, and is not included in any Assessment or Charge made of the said Duties, and that the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act* ought to be repaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, to certify the same to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, and to such Receiver or Receivers General respectively; and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, shall be an Authority to such Caftiier or Cashiers, and to such Receiver or Receivers General respectively, to repay such Sum of Money to or fi r the Party who shall have so paid the fame, and shall be a Discharge to such Cashiers and Receivers General respectively for such Repayment, and shall entitle them respectively to take Credit for such Payments in their respective Books and Accounts.

CCVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Allowance mentioned in No. VI. Schedule (A.) shall be granted by the Commissioners for Special Purposes, to be appointed under the Authority jf this Act, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, to certify the same to the Receiver General of the County or Place where the Property Hospital School or Alms House in respect of which such Allowances N>. V I. ( % 74.) shall have been granted, is situate 5 ard the Certificate of such Commissioners shall be an Authority to every such

to Receiver Receiver General to pay the Ame unt so certified to the Party entitled thereunto, and shall be a Discharee to

such Recei^r General for such Payment} and where such Property and such Hospital School or Alms House

shall

Bank shall open an Account with the Treasury.

Power to return Money ctrone-ously paid, on Certificate of Tax Office.

Special Commissioners shall certify Allowances under Schedule (A.)

General, who shall pay the

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 65. 733

Party charged with Duties may

shall be in different Counties, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners ft# certify the whole Amount in the County where the greatest Assessment of the Property has been made, or where such Hospital School or Alms House is situate.

CCVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time or Tirae9 during the Continuance of this Act, charged to or liable to the Payment of any of the Duties by this Act

granted, to pay or cause to be paid to the said Governor and Company, or to their Cashier or Cashiers, or {^ryBan'IT^r'ich other Person or Persons to be authorized by them, any Sum or Sums of Money on account of such Duties, and may be applied " to require a Certificate of such Payments; and all Sums so paid, not exceeding the Amount of such Duties, shall to Dunes and be deemed and taken to be on account of such Duties, and in advance of the fame; and the Excess of the Sums voluntary paid above the Amount of the said Duties, shall be deemed and taken to be voluntary Contributions towards the Contributions* Purposes of this and the said recited Act; and the Certificates to be given upon the said Payments shall, upon Delivery thereof to the respective Commissioners or at their Office, be an Acquittance and Discharge for so much and such Parts of the said Duties, as the Person delivering the same shall indorse thereon.

CCIX. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall, by virtue of this Act, be received by any Monies received Deputy or Deputies to any Receiver General, or by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid,>' Deputy shall be paid, under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively, to the Receiver General appointed or to j*efrfi*erf be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and at such Times and in such Manner as is directed by be°paid°t# Re-the said recited Acts respectively. covers General.

CCX. And be it further enacted, That all Monies flopped at the Receipt of the Exchequer in pursuance of Monica stopt at this Act, shall be paid*over to the proper Officer in the said Receipt, to be applied to such Services as the other the B*chequerf Monies paid into the said Receipt may be applied; and all the Monies paid into the Bank of England, or there tlTthe

placed to the Account of the Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid, and the Monies from Time to Time p^per Officer* paid into the said Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, by any Person or Persons, shall be paid by the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, within One Week after such Payment or Transfer shall be made, for which Payment no Fee shall be demanded or taken at the said Receipt of the Exchequer.

CCXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Assessors and Collectors shall have Three-pence in the Allowances to Pound for what Money of the several Duties aforesaid the several Collectors shall pay to the Receiver General, Officers for liis Deputy or Deputies, to be divided in each separate Collection between the said Assessors and Collectors, in ct, llc^ion* such Proportion as the respective Commissioners for General Purposes shall order; and that for the careful Assessors and writing and transcribing* the said AfDffments Warrants Eflreats and Duplicates in due Time, and for the due CoJ'p0^| speedy and effectual executing all Matters and Things directed to be performed under the said Commissioners,* and for the bearing and sustaining all incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act, under the Direction of the said respective Commissioners m their several Districts, the Clerk of the respective Commissioners, Clerks ad. amj who shall perform the Duties of his Office within the respective Times limited by this Act, and shall have borne ld Per Pound* and sustained such incidental Expences, shall, by Warrant under the Hauds of Two or more of the Commissioners, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, Two-pence in the Pound of all such Monies of the said several Duties as shall be assessedin or by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who,

is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly; and the Clerk who shall not have borne and sustained such incidental Expences shall by like Warrant'have and receive One Penny in the Pound of all such Monies as aforesaid; provided this Act be carried into Execution in due Time, and in an effectual Manner, for the District in which he shall be appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants or Eflreats be made, and the Duplicates be delivered to the Receiver General, and into the Office of the King's Remembrancer as aforesaid, within the None shall share Times limited by this Act, and not otherwise 5 and no Person, except the Assistant or Aflxstants to such Clerk such Poundage (if any) shall, under any Pretence whatever, be entitled to any Part of the Reward hereby given to such Clerk, Clerk* which Compensations shall be apportioned and settled by the respective Commissioners; nor shall such Clerk,

under any Pretence whatever, demand take or receive any Fee Gratuity 'or Perquisite, for any Matter or 0 ce 0 -cr Thing to be done by him, by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, from any Person or Persons other than the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, in Manner aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Cora- No Poundage on pensation shall be made to any Assessor or Collector in respect of any Sum or Sums detained or flopped under the Sums rtoPP, d Authority of this Act, or paid into the Bank of England, or in respect of any Sums paid by the respective Parties fccw*

into the said Bank, nor to any Receiver, nor to any of the Persons or Corporations entrusted with the Payment 9

of Annuities Dividends and Shares paid out of any publick Revenue of Great Britain or elsewhere as aforesaid, other than such Sum or Sums as shall be directed to be paid to such Collectors Receivers Corporations or Persons aforesaid, by the Warrant of Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for their Pains and Care in executing this Act '

CCXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, Furthfr Allowt-orany Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to cause such further Allowance ^onfe u^ncc^of* to be made to such Clerk as aforesaid who shall have faithfully performed his Duty under this Act, and shall ciainufor ° have borne and sustained such incidental Expences as aforesaid, of any Sum not exceeding One Penny in the Exemption, Pound on the Amount of such Part of the Gross Assessments as shall have been discharged on Occasion of Claims made and allowed under this Act, on the Ground of Income, as the or he respectively shall, on Consideration of the Extent and Population of the District, and the Number of Claims allowed, think proper to direct, and the Certificate of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, shall be an Authority to the Receivers General respectively to pay such further Allowance.

CCXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Duties made payable by this Act, by Payment of any Person or Persons in any Parishor Place, shall not entitle the Person or Persons so paying such Duties to a Outie* shall not Settlement in such Parish or Place. confer a

C. 65.

46° GEORGII III. A.D i8: 6.

P*n l; ics Hi nil be recovered as under 43 G. $. c. 99. and 150.

Monies arifirg from the Duties fliA ! be into

the txc1 CCJUC'*,

CCXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, ilia.ll and may be sued for recovered and applied in such Manner and Form as is directed in regard to the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said Acts respectively, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Regulations whereof are hereby made applicable to the Duties in this Act contained.

CCXV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising by the said respective Duties- and Contributions (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be p*iid into _ ? the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westntinfer^ distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the p ! ie.il Ic in the Public k Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept, in the OHice of the Auditor of the said Receipt Semen uf each*of E chequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties and Contributions, a id ^eAr*'paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall, from Time t»o Time as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, or shall be voted by the said Commoua for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty7! Treasurynow or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or'.he High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly; Provided always, that out of the Monies from Time to Time arisen or to arise of or for the said Duties made payable by this Act, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, row or for the Time being, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to settle and appoint such Salaries and Ar«>wance % for the Service Pains and Labour of the Surveyors Inspectors and other Officers of His Majesty, to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and otherwise in relation thereto, and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expences of such Officers as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

CCXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Letters Patent granted by His Majesty or any of His Royal ^Progenitors, or to be granted by His Majesty, to any Person or Persons Cities Boroughs or Towns Corporate within this Realm, of any Manner of Liberties Privileges or Exemptions from Subsidies Tolls Taxes Assessments or Aids, nor any Statute granting any Salary Annuity or Pension, to any Person or Persons free of any Taxes Deductions or Assessments, shall be conllrued or taken to exempt any Person or Persons City Borough or Town Corporate, or any of the Inhabitants of the fame, from the Burden and Charges of any of rthe said Duties; and all non objbntes in such Statutes or Letters Patent made or to be made in bar or this Act

are hereby declared to be void and of none Efleft; any such Statutes Letters Patent Grants or Charters or

*ny Clause of non oljlantc, or other Matter or Thing therein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXVJI. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in this Act contained and applied to the Duty ia r — any particular Schedule, which shall also be applicable to the Duty in any other Schedule, and not repugnant to

extend* Provisions for charging ascertaining or levying the Duty in such other Schedule, shall in charging ascertaining

other Schedules. and levying the same be applied as fully and effectually as if the Application thereof had been so exprefaly and

particularly directed; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule herein after mentioned marked (F.) ftr.ll be deemed a Part of this Act, a- if the same had been inserted under a special Enactment; provided that the several Oaths therein mentioned shall de deemed and understood, and taken to refer only to the Duties contained in Schedule ^D.)

'Treasury may fe 1 lie Allows ce* for SuiAtyors incidental E/jxncci, &c.

T?o Person or - Corporation shall be c*«mpr by virtue of any 'fetters Patent.

"Provision* applied to any par-

Schedufe fF.) deemed part this A it.

Schedule (F.)

Form of an Oathx>r Affirmation to be taken by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and by additional Commissioners acting in the Execution thereof, in respect of the Duties contained in Schedule D.

'Odh to be taken by Commissioners S 'd additional Commissioners as to Du'ic* tn Schedule D.

I A.B. do swear, [er affirm, as the Case may be] That I will truly faithfully impartially and honestly, according

*to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Powers and Authorities veiled in me by an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, [here set forth the Title of this and that I will

exercise the Powers etitrufted to me by the said Act, in such Manner only as shall appear to me necessary for the due Execution of the same; and that I will judge and determine upon all Matters and Things which shall be brought before me under the said Act, without Favour Affection or Malice; and that I will not difelofe any* Particular contained in any Schedule or Statement, delivered with respect to any Duties charged under the Provisions ai.d Regulations relating to Schedule ^D.) as recited in the said Act, or any Evidence or

Answer given by any Person who fhaff be examined or shall make Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation respecting the fame, in pursuance of tKe said Act, excepting in such Cases and to such Persons only who shall be

sworn to the due Execution of this Act, and where it shall be necessary to difelofe the same for the Purposes of this Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution9Iv Perjury committed in such Examination Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation. 4 So hdp me GOD.'

8

Form

A.D. 1806. 4: 0 GEORGII III. 0, 65. 735

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be t iken by Inspectors and Surveyors as aforesaid.

c T A B. do swear [or, affirm] That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, \here fetforth the Title of this Aff-] tohr r*ea

*I will examine and revise all Statements Schedules and Declarations, delivered within my Did rift, and in ^nd^SuTve o*

objecting to th' f: tme will aft according to the bell of my Information and Knowledge, and that I will an ulvt: /or

conduct myself without Favour Affection or Malice, and that I will exercise the Powers entrusted to me by the fir'd Act, in such Manner only as shall appear to me to be necessary for the due Execution of the fame, or

as I shall be directed bythe Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them; and that

I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement or Schedule, with respect to any Duties charged.

under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedule (D)or any Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined, or shall make Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation respecting the fame, in

ptirfuance of the said Act, except in such Cases, and to such Persons only who shall be sworn to the due

Execution of this Act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury /

committed in such Examination Affidavit Eeposition or Affirmation.*So help me GOD*'

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by Assessorsas aforesaid.*

I A.B. do swear [or, affirm] That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act [here set forth Jthe Title of Afl-cffor's Oaifc.*this Act) 1 will in all respects aft diligently and honestly, and without Favour or Affection, to the heft of my Knowledge and Belief, and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement or Schedule

delivered to me in the Execution of the said Act, except in such Cases only, and to such Persons, where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or in order tc, or in the Course of a 4 Prosecution for Perjury committed in any Matter relating to such Statement or Schedule.

SohelpmeGOD/

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Ccfllcftors, or the Deputies to the Receivers General,

appointed under this Act as aforesaid.

I A.B. do swear [or affirm] That in the Execution of an Act, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of Oubsof 1*this Act] I will not disclose. any Assessment, or the Amount of any Sum paid or to be paid by any C Jlodtors anA:

Individual under the said Act, or the Books of Assessment which shall be delivered to me in the Execution of ^ePutV

the said Act, with refnest to any Duties charged under the Provisions and Regulations relating to Schedule Rccu'c, s'

4 (D.) except in such Cases, and to such Persons only who shall be sworn to the due Execution of the said Act, and where it shall be necessary to disclose the same for the Purposes of the said Act, or to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to or in the Course of a Prosecution for Perjury committed in,

such Examination or Affidavit. 4 So help me GOD.'

Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by a Clerk "or Clerk's Assistant to the Commissioners aforesaid.

TA.B. do swear [or, affirm] That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Office of a Clerk [or Assistant Clerk'* Oatlu

*Clerk, as the Case may be] according to an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act] to the best of my Knowledge and Judgement;

and that I will not disclose any Particular contained in any Statement Declaration or Schedule, or any

Evidence or Answer given by any Person who shall be examined or shall make Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation respecting the same; (except in such Cases where I shall be directed so to do by the Regulations of the said Act, or any Two or more of the Commifiiciners under whom I aft, or of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or in order to and in the Course of .a Prosecution for Perjury committed on such

Examination Affidavit Deposition or Affirmation], Sq help me GOD.'

CCXIX., And be it further enacted, That the Schedule marked (G.) with the Rules and Directions therein schedulf G. -contained, shall, in making Returns of the Amount of annual Value or Profits on which any Duty is chargeable shall be observed*, as aforesaid, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Case of each Person Corporation Company or »n executing Society, described or mentioned in this Act, on Behalf of themselves, and also of others for whom they aft, in lhc any of the Characters described in this Act, or herein after mentioned, be observed by each such Person Corporation Company or Society, or by his her or their. Agents pr Officers, in the Cases where, such Agents.or Officers are authorized to make such Returns.

Schedule (G.)

I. — By every Occupier of Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, throughout Great Britain^ to §74, 75* be charged under Schedules (A.) and (B.) or either of them.

A Statement of the P.ent and annual Value, or the annual Value as the Case shall require, of all Lands Tenements and Hereditaments or Heritages, occupied in every Parish or Place, distinguishing the Proportions in each Parish or Place, and estimating separately such as are occupied as Owner or Tenant, and also such as are held under different Landlords; and also such as are chargeable by the Rent or annual Value, or on the Amount of Profits; and also estimating separately the Rent or annual Value chargeable in respect of the Property, and the Amount chargeable in respect of the Occupation, distinguishing the same as follows; , videlicet,

Lands and Tenements occupied as Owners:

Lands and Tenements let at Rack Rent within Seven Years: ,

Lwh

73&

m.

C. 65. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

£ Lands and Tenements let at Rack Rent before the Period of Seven Years, with the Rent and annual Value A thereof estimated separately:

Lands and Tenements let, but not at Rack Rent, with the Rent and annual Value thereof estimated separately: The Amount of the Composition Rent or annual Payment, paid in the preceding Year to the Rector or Vicar, or other Person, for Tythes of the above Lands and Tenements:

The Amount of each Deduction claimed in respect thereof, and stating if Tythe-free in Part or in the Whole* and the Amount of any Modus or Real Composition.

II. — By every Lay Impropriator, and by every Ecclesiastical Rector Vicar or other Person, deferring

himself, receiving any Tythes in Kind, or any Payments in Right of the Church or by Endowment, or in lieu of any Tythes, and on all Teinds in Scotland, to be charged under Schedule (^A.) distinguishing the lame as follows:

The Amount or tire Profits from Tythes taken in Kind for One Year, on an Average of Three Years:

The Amount of Dues and Money Payments in Right of the Church or by Endowment, or in lieu of Tythes not arising from Lands, on the above Average:

The Amount ot Compositions Rents and Payments in lieu of Tythes, arising from Lands for the preceding Year.

III. — By every Person Corporation or Company, carrying on any Concern herein after mentioned, or their Agents or Officers, in the Cases authorized to be charged under Schedule (A.) rt, he Amount of Profits from Quarries of Stone Slate Limeftoneor Chalk, in the preceding Year:

Of Iron Works Salt Springs or Works Alum Mines or Works Water-works Streams of Water Canals Inland Navigations Docks trains Levels Fishings Rights of Markets and Fairs Tolls Way-Bridges and Ferries, in the preceding Year:

Of Mines of Coal Tin Lead Copper Mundic Iron and other Mines, on an average of Five Years.

IV. — By evsry Lord or Lady of a Manor or other Royalty, or Tenant of the same.

The Amount of all Dues and other Services, or other casual Profits (except Rents and annual Payments) of such Manors or Royalties, on an average of Seven Years.

V. — By the Receiver of any Fine paid in Consideration of a Demise of Lands or Tenements (except

customary) to be charged under Schedule (A.)

The Amount of such Fines in the preceding Year, or for such lesser Period since the Interest thereon commenced, and an Estimate of the average Value for One Year.

VI. — By tvery Person entitled to Profits arising from Lands Tenements Hereditaments or Heritages, not

dated as before to be charged under Schedule (A.)

The Amount, on a fair Average, to be allowed by the respective Commissioners.

VII — By or for every Person carrying on any Trade Manufacture Adventure or Concern in the Nature of Trade, to be charged under Schedule (D.)

The Amount of the Balance of the Profits thereof, upon a fair and just Average of Three Years, or for such shorter Period as the Concern has been carried on.

VIII. — By every Person exercising any Profession Employment or Vocation, to be charged under Schedule (D.) f

The Amount of the Balance of the Profits Gains and Emoluments thereof, within the preceding Year.

IX. — By every Person entitled to Profits of an uncertain Value, not before dated, to be charged under

Schedule(D )

The full Amount of the Profits or Gains arising therefrom within the preceding Year.

X. — By every Person receiving in Great Britain Interest from Securities out of Great Britain, to be charged

under Schedule (D.)

The full Amount that has been received, or will be received, as far as the same can be computed in the current Year.

XI. — By every Person receiving in Great Britain Profits from Possessionsout of Great Britain, to be charged

under Schedule (D.)

The full Nett Amount annually received therefrom, either by Remittances, or Importation of Property, or Money or Value from Property not imported, or on Credit, or on Account in respect of Remittances Property or Value, on an Average of the Three preceding Years.

XII. — By every Person entitled to any annual Profits not falling under any of the foregoing Rules, and not charged by any of the other Schedules, to be charged under Schedule (D.)

The full Amount thereof received annually, or according to the Average directed to be taken by the Commissioners, on a Statement of the Nature of such Profits, and the Grounds on which the Amount has been computed, ' and the Average taken to the best of the Party's Knowledge and Belief.

XIII. — Declarations to be delivered in respect of the Duty to be charged under Schedule (D.)

First. - Declaration by the precedent a&ipg Partner, or by the Agent, if none of the Partners are resident in Great

p^Britain,

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 65. 737

Britain, of the Names of the several Partner, thefr respective Residences, and the Place of carrying en the Trade or Concern, or exercising the Profession, and the Style or Description of the Firm:

Second. — Declaration by any Partner, not being the precedent acting Partner, of his being affected with the Firm, describing the fame, and the Place where the Return of the precedent Partner was made;

Third. — Declaration which may be made by each Partner desirous. of being, and entitled to be, separately afieffed, describing the Firm, and his or her Proportion of the Profits,

XIV. — Statement of Profits of any Office not chargeable by Commissioners specially appointed in the 5 t52y&c. Department where the Office is held.

The Amount of the Salary Fees Wages Perquisites and Profits of Office, in the preceding Year, or on an

Average of Three Yean, as the Case shall require:

The like Statement to be delivered to the Commissioners appointed in the Department, if required.

XV. — General Declaration by each Person returning a Statement of Profits under Schedules (A.) (B.Y (D.) or (E.)

Declaring the Truth thereof, and that the same is fully dated on every Description of Property or Profits included in the Act relating to the said Duties, and appertaining to the Party, estimated to the bed of his Judgement and Belief, according to the Directions and Rules of this Act.

XVI — Lift and Declaration for facilitating the Execution of the Act, in relation to the Duties chargeable on others.

First. — Lift containing the Name of every Lodger or Inmate hi any Dwelling House, with the ordiuary Place of §6$, 64, ' Residence of such Lodger or Inmate, if he shall have an ordinary Place of Residence eflewhere, at which he is desirous of being assessed:

Second. — Lift of every Person in the Service or Employ of any Master or Mistress, whether resident in his. or her Dwelling House or not, and the Place ot Resideace of those not residing with the Master or Mistress: ,

Third. — Lift to be delivered by every Trustee Agent Receiver Guardian Tutor Curator or Committee* of the §54,

Name and Place of Residence of the Person or Persons for whom they aft in fttch Character, describing them and the Names of them who are joined in Trust:

Fourth — Declaration on whom the Duty is chargeable in respect of such Trust r

Fifth. — Lift containing the proper Description of every Corporation Company Fraternity Fellowship Society or $ 53.

Trust, for which any Person is answerabic as Treasurer Auditor or Receiver, and where any Person before described is answerable for the Duty to be charged in respect of the Property or Profits of others, such Lifts as aforesaid shall be delivered together with the required Statements of such Profits.

XVII. — Lifts Declarations and Statements of Discharge, or in order to obtain Exemptions or Allowances.

First. — Declaration of the Amount of Value or Property or Profits returned, or for which the Claimant hath §73, &c.

been or is liable to be assessed:

Second.* — Declaration of the Amount of Rents Interests Annuities or other annual Payments, for which the Party is liable to allow and deduct the Duty, with the Names of the respective Persons by whom such Payments are to be made, distinguishing the Amount of each Payment t Third. — Declaration of the Amount of Interest Annuities or other annual Payments to be made out of the Property or Profits a Hefted on the Claimant, distinguishing each Source.

Fourth. — Statement of the Amount of Income derived according to the three preceding Declarations-

CCXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person gaining his Livelihood by daily Labour as aforesaid, Prefciihiaj Ae shall, in order to be exempted from Payment of the said Duties, produce to the Commissioners & Declaration of r signed by him or herself, with a Certificate annexed in the following Form: Certificate

' Y Jl. B. do declare, 'That I exercise and follow the Employment of a Labourer In HusbantTry, or other [&« §177.]:

I Work, I naming it} or Artisan, Handicraftman or Mechanic, in the Thule of [naming it'] or Manufacturer in the Manufacture cf naming it\ for daily [or weekly] Wages; that I have not received in any one Week

within the Year preceding for my Work or Labour, any Sum exceeding [name the (except in Employ-

ment in Husbandry in Time of Harvest) and that within the Time above mentioned I have worked for of and that I have not received within the

preceding Year, any Sum or Sums of Money from any Source other than Labour as aforesaid

Signed*

4 T v of hereby certify, That the above-signed

4 a was in my Employ as a for within the Year preceding,

and that the Wages paid by me did not exceed the Rate above-mentioned, and to the best of my Belief the Matters contained in the above Declaration are true as far as the same are within my Knowledge.

Signed

CCXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause proper Forms Commissioner* to be made out and dispersed for returning all such Matters and Things a3 are required to be returned by this of Taxes shall Act, containing the Lifts Declarations and Statements mentioned in Schedule (G.) with proper References and ' dispersc p»of«r-Schemes for including such Returns; and all such other Lilts Declarations and Statements, and all other Matters and Things as are required by this Act, and which may be necessary to be made out the due Execution of this thi/AftJ"* Act, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to them to be most expedient.

46 Geo. ILL 5 B CCXXIL And

73 8

Form of Certificate* for Allowances

C. 6j. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

CCXXII.' And be it further enacted, That whenever any Certificate shall be granted authorising any Allowance in respect of Income, the following Forms shall be observed mvtctis mutandis t and the Sums allowed (half be inserted therein in Words at length.

Property Acts. Year 180

CERTIFICATE of ALLOWANCE, in respect of Assessments made on the Claimant out of the

District.

pY the Commissioners acting for the'of in the County of

THESE are to certify. That of the Parish of hath

proved to our Satisfaction, that the Whole of Income, estimated according to an Act passed on the Day of in the

Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Contributions granted to His Majesty on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices, by Three Acts of the Forty-third Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, doth not exceed the Sum of

and that is entitled to the following Allowance,

which cannot be taken from any Assessment made on the said in this Distridi, viz.

In respedi of an Assessment in the Parish of in

the County of

situate out of our Distridi, the Sum of -

For which Amount, and iio more, this Certificate shall be a sufficient Authority.

Given under our Hands this )

Day of 180 J

Commissioners.

To the Commissioners of

FORM of INDORSEMENT thereon

This Certificate, on Delivery thereof to the Collector of the Parish of where the

within named Party is affeflea, will authorize the Collector to receive the same in discharge of so much of the Assessment made on the said Party, or, if such Assessment shall be insufficient for the Purpose, or shall have been paid, to pay to the Party out of the Monies in his the Collcdloris Hands, of the Duties granted by the Acts within mentioned, the Amount mentioned in this Certificate.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 65* 739

Property Acts, Year 180

CERTIFICATE of ALLOWANCE in respect of an ANNUITY made to the Claimant out of the

Property of another.

j) DY the Commissioners acting for the vv* of -

in the County of

On the

Day of

iflo the other Part hereof was

delivered to of

authorizing

the following Allowance in respect of an Annuity, via.

ov

THESE are to certify, That'of

hath proved to our Satisfaction, that the Whole of Income, estimated according to

an Act passed on the Day of

in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Contributions granted to His Majesty on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trade* and Offices, by Three Acts of the Forty-third Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, doth not exceed the Sum of and that is entitled to the following Allowance,

which cannot be made out of any Assessment made on the said >00

Income

£. d.

JOB3 In respect of an Annuity of yi&p payable by the Sum of

£. / dm

of

Allowance -

£ / dm

coC

X)

For which Amount, and no more* this Certificate (halt be a sufficient Authority*

1<Z>

Given under our Hands this Day of80

I

Commissioners#.

FORM of INDORSEMENT thereon.

THIS Certificate, on delivery thereof to the Person making the Annual Payment herein mentioned, is to he received by him in discharge of the Sum thereby allowed, and will be indorsed and delivered by him to the Collector of the Parish where he reticles, by whom it will be taken as Cash on Account of the Perfo n so indorsing it, to be applied a* di reded by the Ad, either in discharge of so much of the Assessment made o: . him, or it such Assessment shall be insufficient for the Purpose, or shall have been paid, to pay him out of the Monies in his the Collector's Hands, of she Duties granted by the Acts within mentioned, the Amount mentioned in this Certificate.

5 B a

74°

Proviso as to fcaft India Bondi under 44 G. 3. c. 3.

C. 65.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Property Acts, Year 180*.

CERTIFICATE of ALLOWANCE in respect of an ANNUITY charged on the Dividend* payable out

of any publick Revenue.

On the Day of

I So the other Part hereof was delivered to

of authorizing

the following Payment in respect of an Annuity, viz.

'gY the Coratniflioners acting for the of in the County of

THESE are to certify, That of

hath proved to our Satisfkdion, that the Whole of Income, estimated according to

an Act passed in the Fort y-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in relation to the Contributions granted to His Majesty on the Profits arising from Property, Professions Trades and Offices, by Three Acts of the Forty-third Forty-fifth and Forty fi th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, doth not exceed the Sum of f. and that the Sum of /\

arises from an Annuity charged on the Dividends of the Stock called the [Here state the Description of the payable out of the publick Revenue of and that is entitled to the following Allowance,

which cannot be made out of any Assessment made on the said

Xneome

In respect of an Annuity charged on [here state the Description of the Stock] the Sum of -

£.*3?

Allowance

£. /. th

For which Amount, and no more, this Certificate Audi be a sufficient Authority.

Given under our Hands this Day of 180

l

Commissioneri.

FORM of INDORSEMENT thereon

THIS Certificate, on delivery thereof to the Collector of the Parish of will authorize him to pay to the Party mentioned herein, out of the Monies in his the Collector's Hands of the Duties granted by the Acts within mentioned, the Amount mentioned in this Certificate.

CCXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impeach any of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-fburth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with r*fpcd to the Rate of Inttrefl % and the Duty payable thereon.

Act may be altered or repealed in this Session.' #224.

z CCXXV. And

A.D. 1805.

46° GEORGII III.'C. 65. 741

CCXXV. And whereas the Publick Service requires that the Duties granted by this Act, or made payable

according to the pire&ions of this Act, should be assessed levied andcolleded without Delay: And whereas < in some Districts in this Kingdom the Assessments which ought to have been made in former Years under the said recited Acts may not yet be completed, and it is necessary that the same should be completed forthwith, and also that the Assessments under this Act should be carried into effect in each Year not with (binding such former

Assessments may remain to be made or collected; be it further enacted, That the Assessments to be made under tins Ad shall not he suspended by Reason or under Pretence that the Assessments which ought to have beem made in any former Year under the said recited Acts or this Act shall not have been proceeded upon, or shall not have been completed, or that the Duties assessed in any such former Year shall not have been fully levied or paid; nor shall any Proceedings of Commissioners Assessors Collectors or others employed in the Execution of this Act, for the Purpose of charging assessing levying or collecting the Duties made payable by this Act for the current Year, be adjourned suspended or delayed on account or on Pretence that the Assessments for any former Year have not been proceeded upon or have not been completed, or that the Duties charged thereby have hot been levied and paid or fully accounted for.

CCXXVI. And in order to facilitate the Proceedings necessary for making Assessments at the same Time for /Two or more Years 5 be it further enacted, That in every District of Commissioners wherein the Assessments which ought to*have been made for any former Year shall not have been completed within the Year appointed for such Assessment, or wherein the Duties assessed for any former Year shall not have been paid and fully accounted for at the Time or Times required and directed by the said recited Acts respectively or this Act, the Commissioners Inspectors Surveyors Assessors and Collectors, and others employed or to be employed in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act in such Districts respectively, shall, and they respectively are hereby itridly enjoined and required to proceed in the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act according to the following Rules and Directions, and to do and perform all such Acts as are required of them in the Manner herein directed; which Rules and Directions shall be deemed a Part of this Act as if the same liad respectively been inserted under a special Enadmcot.

Assessmentt under thii shall not be suspendrd, on aciuunf of Aflrflrn/nts for former Yearj, under former Acts, noi having been proceeded on.

Mnnner of

Proceeding in Diflrifls whne formtr AlTeff-ments are not completed.

No. I. Rules and Directions for proceeding to affers the Duties under the said recited Acts in such Diflrids of Commissioners as are in Default as aforesaid.

lit. — The respective Commissioners who shall have acted in the Execution of the said recited Acts in any District so in Default as aforesaid, and who shall not have .declined acting therein within such Time before the palCng of this Act as that others have been appointed in their Stead, shall and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required to continue to ad in the Execution of the said recited Acts until all Assessments under the said A$t shall have been completed and the Duties contained therein shall have been fully levied collected or paid and accounted for to His Majesty; unless, on Account of Sickness or other just Cause, to be allowed by Three or more of the Commissioners of Hls. Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, any such Commissioner shall be excused from further Attendance: -3d. — The last Appointment of Assessors for any Parish or Place situate in any District so in Default as aforesaid, shall continue in force until all AssefTmenta under the said recited Acts mall have been completed and fully made* and the Assessors so appointed shall continue to act for each Year now elapsed subsequent to the Time of their respective Appointments without any further or new Appointment until all the Assessments under the said recited Acts shall have been completed for their respective Parishes or Places, under the Penalty contained in the said Acts or any Ad therein referred to, for Neglect of Duty, unless the Commissioners of the District shall within Fourteen Days next after Notice of this Act and a Copy thereof shall have been delivered to them or any of them, or to their Clerk, appoint other Persons to be Assessors for the same Parishes or Places respectively for such subsequent Years 3d. — In all Cases where Assessors shall have made their Estimates required by the said recited Acts for any Year or Years now elapsed, and shall not have made any Estimates under the said recited Acts for the subsequent Year or Years also elapsed: It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make their Assessments for each subsequent Year or Years elapsed on the-last Estimates so made without further Estimates being required 5 such Estimates remaining subject to the Examination or Review of, and Alteration or Amendment and to the increased Charge by, the said Commissioners, in like Manner as if the Estimates had been duly made in such and each subsequent Year; and such Assessments being respectively subject to Appeal on the Part of the Person v or Persons to be charged, and to surcharge on the Part of the Surveyor or Inspector, as if the same had been made on Estimatps delivered in such subsequent Year:

4th . — In all Cases where the Parties to be charged shall have made their Returns of Profits as required by the said recited Acts for any Year or Years now elapsed, and shall not have made the like Returns under the said recited Acts for the subsequent Year or Years also elapsed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners tp make their Assessments for each subsequent Year or Years elapsed on the last Return so made, without further Returns being required; such Returns remaining subject to the Examination or Review of, and to increased Charge by, the said Commissioners, in like Manner as if Returns had been duly made in such and each subsequent Year; and such Assessments being respectively subject to Appeal on the Part of the Person or Persons to be charged, and to surcharge on the Part of the Surveyor or Inspector, as if the same had been made on Returns delivered in such subsequent Year;

- In all Cases where the Clerks* Abstracts required to be made by the said recked Acts shall have been made for any Year or Years now elapsed, and shall not have been made for the subsequent Year or Years, 6a occasion of such Eftixnate or Returns not having been delivered in such Year, or for any other Cause, the last

Abftxad

Rule* for affcfltng Duties Under former A&i in such Case#.

7+4 C^j.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Rules for afle fling Duties tinder this Act* where former Acts have not been fully. executed.

Rules for olleftiitg Duties of various Years in Arrear.

Abstract made for any such Years shall be a sufficient Document to charge the Duty for any Year or Year* now elapsed fabsequent to the Year for which such lad Abstract was made, such Abstract being subject to Alteration or Amendment as the Case may require 5 and it shall be lawful to make out Certificates to the Collectors of the Duties for each such Year on the Assessment so made, adding thereto the additional Duty imposed by the said recited Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six s 6th.--»In pursuing the Rules and Directions before mentioned, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and their Clerks, and for the Inspectors Surveyors Assessors and Collectors respectively, to practise use and apply all and any of the Rules before contained in this Act, touching or concerning the Assessments under Schedules (A.) and (B.J to be made after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, aa far as the same relate to the Continuance of such Assessments, for Two Years 5 which Rules shall be construed in like Manner as if the same had been inserted in this Clause and actually applied to the Cases herein mentioned:

7 th. — - The Rules before-mentioned shall be construed not to extend to any District wherein the Commissioners shall hate proceeded to assess the Duties for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, at the Time Notice of this Act, and a Copy thereof, shall be giten to them as aforesaid.

No. II.

Rules and Directions for proceeding to assess the Duties under this Act, in the Districts of Commissioners who have not completed the Assessments under the said recited Acts, for all the Years elapsed under the said recited Acts.

ift. — The respective Commissioners who are herein-before required to continue to act until all the Assessments under the said recited Acts shall be completed, and the Duties thereupon shall be collected, are also enjoined and required to act in the Execution of this Act during such Period, and further until all the Assessments under this Act which shall have been or ought to have been made during such Period shall also have been completed, and the Duties thereupon shall be fully collected and accounted for, and so that the Assessments under this Act shall be made within the Year, appointed by this Act for such Assessments and the Duties thereupon be collected or paid within or immediately after the Expiration of such Year, unless any such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be excused from further Attendance pursuant to the Rule, and for any of the Causes before-mentioned: ad. — The respective Assessors for any Parish or Place, who are herein-before directed to continue in Office until the said recited Acts be fully executed, shall also execute this Act as Assessors within the Limits of their Appointment under the Penalty before-mentioned, unless and until the respective Commissioners shall, under the Regulations of this Act, appoint other Persons to be Assessors for such Parishes and Places respectively:

jd. — Unless the respective Commissioners shall meet within Fourteen Days after Notice of this Act, and after a Copy thereof shall have been delivered to them, or any of them, or to their Clerk for the First Assessment under this Act, and in every subsequent Year within Fourteen Days after the Fifth ay of April in such Year; and unless Precepts shall at such First Meeting in every Year be issued for the Appointment of Assessors, ' and unless such Appointments shall take place and all Instructions Notices and other Papers be delivered to the said Assessors according to the Directions of this Act, within the Time limited for those Purposes in each Year, which the said respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the Time being are hereby strictly enjoined and required to do yearly, without Delay, then and in every such^Case of Default it shall be lawful for the Inspector or Surveyor appointed for the said*Sftrift at any Time afterwards, to issue Instructions to the Persons appointed Assessors under the last Precept issued by the said' Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, for each Parish or Place within the District of such Commissioners, .without further Warrant or Precept, and the said Assessors shall act in Obedience to the Instructions so issued under the Penalty before mentioned, as if the Precept of the Commissioners had been granted to them for that Purpose, and the said Instructions had been issued with and under the Precept of the said Commissioners.

4th. — In all Cases where any Inspector or Surveyor shall have issued such Instructions to Assessors appointed under any former Precept of Commissioners, in pursuance of the next preceding Rule, and without further Precept on Occasion of such Default as aforesaid, all Estimates and Returns to be made in pursuance of this Act for that Year shall be delivered to such Inspector or Surveyor; and such Inspector or Surveyor shall, by virtue of his Office, aft as Clerk to the said Commissioners for that Year, and no other Person except the Assistant or Assistants to such Surveyor shall interfere or be entitled as Clerk to any Allowance under this Act in respect of the Duties charged in the same District of Commissioners:

5th. — The Rules contained in No. II. of this Clause shall be construed not to extend to any District wherein the Commissioners shall have completed their Assessments for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, at the Time Notice of this Act and a Copy thereof shall be given to them as aforesaid.

No. III.

Rules and Directions for collecting the Duties under the said recited Acts or this Act whenever the Duties of any former Year have not been collected. jR. — Whenever the Warrants for Collection of the Duties upon Assessments made under the said former Acts or thioAA shall not have been or shall not be issued to the Collectors before the Expiration of the Year for

which

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 65, 66. 743

which the said Duties ought to have been assessed, such Year ending on the Fifth Day of April in each Year, the respective Commissioners are strictly enjoined and required to cause the Whole of the said Duties f assessed in such Year to be collected and paid by equal Moieties on the Two Quarter Days next after the Allowance of such Assessment: ad. — Whenever the Warrants for Collection of the said Duties shall not have been or shall not be issued to the Collectors before the Expiration of the Year next after the Year for which the said Duties ought to have been assessed, and the Duties for Two or more Years shall not be paid, the respective Commissioners are in such Case strictly enjoined and required to cause the Whole of the Duties so assessed for the First of the said Years to be collected and paid by equal Moieties on the Two Quarter Days next after the Allowance of such Assessment for the First of the said Years; and the Whole of the Duties so assessed or to be so assessed for the Second of the said Years to be collected and paid by equal Moieties on the Two next succeeding Quarter Days which shall happen after such former Payment; and the Whole of the Duties so assessed for each subsequent Year to be collected and, paid in Succession by equal Moieties on the Two next succeeding Quarter Days which shall happen after the last Payment j and no Interval of Payment shall be allowed beyond such Quarter of a Year, nor shall any Payment be allowed or directed less than a Moiety of One Year's Assessment until all the Duties which have been or ought to have been assessed under the said recited Acts shall have been fully paid and satisfied, and until the Duties to be assessed under this Act shall come into the due Course of Payment yearly by quarterly Instalments according to the general Directions of this Act:

3d. — Where, by the Rules of this Clause, it (half be found necessary to issue Warrants for Collection for or '

upon the subsequent Year's Assessment before the Duties on a former Year's Assessment have been fully paid and accounted for, then and in every such Case the respective Commissioners shall appoint other Persons t# be Collectors of such subsequent Year's Assessment, and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint the same Person or Persons to be Collector or Collectors for Two or more successive Years' Affi Aments, unless at the Times when the Warrants for collecting the Second or other subsequent Year's Assessment ought to be delivered according to the preceding Rules, such Collector or Collectors shall have collected and duly accounted for all the Duties given to him or them in Charge, and which such Collector or Collectors might have collected on such former Assessment.

CCXXVII.' And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Commencement Fifth Day of dpril One thousand eight hundred and six, and together with the Duties therein contained shall and Continuance continue in force during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a of the AS. Definitive Treaty of Peace, and no longer 5 provided that the said Duties shall not cease in such Districts where the Assessments for the preceding Year shall not have been completed before the said Sixth Day of April t buf that all the Powers and rrovisions of this Act shall continue in force, for making and completing all such Assessments as ought to have been made during the Continuance of the said Duties, and for levying and recovering the Duties so assessed, or to be assessed, and such Arrears of Duties as shall remain unpaid at the Determination of the said Duties 5 and also for re-assessing the same in Default of Payment, in the Manner herein directed, and for the suing for adjudging and recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been incurred prior to the Determination of the mid Duties.

CAP. LX VI.

An Act for punHhing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their.

Quarters.

[2oth June 1806.]

[This S3 is Jtmilar mutatis mutandis to the Mutiny Act, 45 Geo. 3. c. 16: Except in the Particulars hereafter noticedr. Number of Forces 121, 529, §1.]

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Provision F>rtli? providing of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, in Cam-ges for the England, Wales, and the Town of Bernvick-upon-Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties,

Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by an Order from His wHUst and Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, Berwick.

[or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf] shall as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto One [*4 Theft Word*

or more of them by the Quartermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer [or Non-commissioned Officer f] of the m-rre not in

Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the /orw

Constables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precinct, from, through,

near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, shall be ordered to march 5 requiring them

to make such Provision of Carriages, with able Men to drive the ffune, as is mentioned in the said Warrant,

allowing them sufficient Time to ao the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen;

and specifying in the said Warrants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages shall by virtue of such Order Warrants shall

as aforesaid, be required to travel, and which shall not exceed One Day's Journey, unless in any Case of fpcc'fy , hc

Necessity where the Day's March of the Troops is prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, and

where the same does not exceed Twenty-five Miles: And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided withiq *11

any such Liberty, Division, or Precinct, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, dr

Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid, being brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the

Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding,

Liberty, Division or Precinct, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid R , tcs for Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carnage*.

x 1 Carriage

by k

46° GEORGII III.

744 C. 66.

A.D. 1806.

Fr»nl?y on Officers forcing Wap goat to travel more than

Further Co»-penfafion ro he mide for Carnage* in

Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed* is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and; Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Five Iiorfes shall travel; and the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two Horses shall travel; and the Sum of Nine-pence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight shall travel; and the Sum of Sixpence for evcrv Mile every Cart or other Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight shall travel; or any further Sum not exceeding Four-pence for every Mile any Waggon with Five Horses# or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses shall travel; and not exceeding Threepence for every Mile any Cart with Four Horses or carrying not less than Fifteen hundred Weight shall travel j and not exceeding Two-pence for every Mile any Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses and not carrying Fifteen hundred Weight shall travel; according as the same shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or Distrirft assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or District, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rates for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the fume: And such Constable, or Petty Constable, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper* to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required1 to provide and fumiffi the same accordingly: And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Magistrate's Warrant, or shall not M rMrtrntc*than ^charge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, or shall suffer any W^rraat specifiet Soldier or Servant, (except such as are sick), or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage 5l. aforesaid; or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threatenings, or menacing Words, to provide

Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by themselves, Servants, or Soldiers, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds y Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, wha are to certify the same to the Paymaster-general, or other respective Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and is hereby empowered-

to dedudi the same out of such Officer's Pay: Provided always, that in Cases where the Day's March of the

- Troops shall be such, either ow'ng to the Distance of Place, State of the Roads, or Season of the Year, as

Ca^Twhcrcthey not to admit of the Return of the Carriages on the same Day on which they shall have been impressed, such rannut return further Compensation shall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of the said Carriages as shall be

the tint? Day. deemed reasonable, by the Magiftrutc who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual

Order for Rate and Hire of such Carriages: Provided also, that every Order of the Justices assembled at any General,

additional Rates Sessions of the Peace firing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to the Periwd^not customary Rates of One Shilling, and Nine-pence, and Sixpence per Mile respectively, shall specify the Period exceeding Ten for which the same shall be in force, and which shall not in any Case exceed Ten Days beyond the General - Sessions of the Peace for such County or District next ensuing the Date of such Order.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, or Petty Constable* shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall be dirccled unto them for providing Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as aforesaid; or shall. demand or receive for the Use of the Owners furnishing such Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages, more than the accustomed Rates per Mile, of One Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, according to the Size of the respective Carriages as aforesaid, unless any further Sums, not exceeding the Amount nereir.-before specified, shall have been previously fixed and ordered by the Justices at any General Sessions of the Peace assembled as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish. any Carriage, and Man, Horse, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to provide the fame; or if such Person or Persons, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any Act or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated, every such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than. Forty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Parishes adjoining to the Parish where such Offence, shall be committed, as shall be fixed upon by the Justice or Justices by whom stich Offence shall be enquired of^ heard, and determined: And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be enquired of, heard, and, finally determined, by any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near chc Place where such Offence shall be committed; who has hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Dill refs and-Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being, of Irc'aiJ, to depute by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes for the marching of any of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person duly bound as an Apprentice, shall enlist as a-Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, and shall state to the Justice of the Peace or Magi ft rate before whom lie shall be carried, that he is not an Apprentice, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be imprisoned in any Gaol or House of Correction, mid kept to Lai d Labour for Two Years, and shall, after the Expiration of hia,

Apprenticeship,

Davf.

PenMrv on Constablft, &c. for Neglect, in c*r« uf<n£ Warrants for providing Carnage*.

Two Justicr S in fcttnrr

In Ireland Lord Lieutenant nny appoint a Pc f n to sign Marching Ro net.

[/# nevj Claus'^\

Pcndty cmi Apprentice* ir lifting then)-lelvcj, Mifde-aeaaor, U c.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 66. Ui

Appventicediip, be liable to fcrv? as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty's regular Forces; slnd if, oil the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver himself to same Officer authorized to receive Recruits, tnay be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge Under any Orders or Regulations made by His MajestV, or upon the Expiration of any LVricd for which he shall have engaged to sent^Horhc serve, shall, if then serving abroad, be sent to Great Britain or Ireland, free of Expence, and be entitled on hii free of Kx pence; Return to, and have dud receive Marching Money from, the Place of his being landed to the Parish or Place in with Conduct Avhich he shall have been originally enlisted, at the Rate of Twelve Miles for e; ch Day's March, with the usual a, d Marching Number of halting Days; and every Soldier so entitled to his Discharge, who shall be discharged at any Place ^>nry* Cj .4te 1 in the United Kingdom, other than that in which lie shall have been attested, shall be entitled to the like mui Marching MonCy, from the Place of his Discharge to the Place of his Attestatiorn as aforesaid.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or all.ft any Penalty oii Deserter fixim His Majesty's ScrVice, knowing him to bd such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for evfery Ptrfuna such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction; by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pound* shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace; by Distress and Sale of the Good* and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Tenalty to be pttid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter did belong: And in cdfe any fudi Offender,

who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring; concealing, or assisting any such Deserter; shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels wherebn Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him br her for Rich Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Day$ after such Gdnviction; then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace mail and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize; for the Space df Six Months:

Provided atfo, that if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy, dr exchange; or otherwise receive from any Tcnalf? Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, any Anns, Clothes, Caps, Prr(» ni or other Furniture, belonging to the King, [or any Meat, Drink, Beef, or other Provision, provided undef »"T

any Regulations relating thereto,] or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally Soldier*

deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Curtom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, end or rkicrttr», kc. paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so rb firmer

offending shall forfeit for every stich Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; or if any Person shall buy or receive Aflt ] any Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses, belonging to His and on personsi Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, procure; buying or counsel, solicit, or entice any Dragoon; or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose receiving Oat*, of any such Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Con vision, by the Oath of One of more credible Witness or M^jrfty'*0 Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Juitites of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of Five Pounds, and SciVictf.

Five Pounds shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said firfUmentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said lad mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Relldue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Soldier did belong \ and in case any (iich Offender whd shall be convicted as aforesaid of hiving knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, [or any such Meat, Drink,

Beer, or other Provisions,] or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries7 or of having /* firiut

caused the Colour of stich Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw, Or Ad* j

other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horie or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service frtfm any Dragoon

or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counselled, solicited, or enticed, any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw,

brother Forage* as aforesaid, contrary to ihe Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels

whereon Difirefs may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or

fiall not pay such Penalties within Four Days after such Conviction, then, and in f; ch Case; such Justice of the

Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal; eithef commit such Offender to the Common Gaol;

there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months; or cause such Offender to be

publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice;

M Continuance of this Act in Great Britain from 24th June 1806 till 25th March 1807; in Ireland from 90th June 1806 til lit jfpril 1807; in Jersey, Guernsey, jilderney, SarJi, and Mah, from Jill July 1806 till " jft May 1807 } in Gibraltar, See. from 24th March 1807 25th March 180S. § IOJ. — Act may be " altered in Part this Section. $ 104; { Set eft G. 3. r. 126.)

Schedule (A; J FORM OF OATH.

T # do make Oath, that t am or have been {as the Case may be)

x [fate Occupation If any, or fate if of none], and to the best of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [fate County, Parish, Place, &V.], and iltat I am of the Age of Years; that I do not belong to the

C. 66

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, and that I will serve His Majesty for the Period of [This Blank to be filled up by the Mcgijlrate with Seven Tears for

Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Person cnhjtuig is of the Age of Eighteen-Tears or upwards; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears, as the Case may be] Years, provided His Majesty Should for long require my Service; and also for such further Term, not exceding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty: Provided always, that in the latter Case the said additional Period shall determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty, shall have clap fed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten, or Twelve, as the Case muy be\ Years.

Schedule (B.)

Feet

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

I A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of (or Chief Magistrate of

*)do hereby certify, that C.D. appearing to be Years old.

Inches high, Complexion, Eyes, Hair, came before me at

on the Day of One thousand eight hundred and and dated himself to be of the

Age of Years, and that he had no Rupture, and was not troubled with Fits, and was no ways

diiabled by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice; and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself to serve His Majesty King George the Third, in the Regiment of commanded by and did engage to serve for the Period of [This Blank to be filled up by the Magistrate with Seven

Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Person cuFfling is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards 5 but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears, as the Case may be 1 Years, provided His Majesty Should for so long require his Service; and also for such further Period as His Majesty shall please to direct, not to exceed in any Case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term of [Seven, or Ten, or Twelve] Years. And I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above set forth; and that I have given to the said C.D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

Schedule (C.)

Oath of Allegiance, 390 Geo. III. c. IC9.

I A.B. being enlisted to serve, either in His Majesty's Troops, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit, do swear, That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that will, as in my Duty bound, defend him in His Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all His Enemies; and that so long as I shall remain in His Majesty's Service, I will duly observe and obey His Majesty's Orders and the Orders of the Generals and Officers set over me by His Majesty; and that if His Majesty shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers, who shall be lawfully let. over me.

Schedule (D.)

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, That aged Years Feet Indies

high Complexion Eyes Hair, came before me at on the Day of

One thov.sand eight hundred and and acknowledged that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the

Bounty of to serve either in His Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the East India Company,

according as His Majesty shall think fit to order. And I further certify, That, in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Section of the Articles of War, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that lie took the Oath of Allegiance prescribed by the Act of 39u Geo. III. c. 109. to be taken instead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War* and also the Oath above set forth $ and that he received the Sum of % on being

at tc lied.

Schedule (E.)

T o wit,

1

C. 66, 67. 747

46° GEORGII III.

Schedule (E.)

FORM OF MASTER'S OATH.

J of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and that

was bound to serveas an Apprentice so me in the said Trade, by Indenture, dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my Consent, and that, to the best of my Knowledge

and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand, at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

3 worn before me at Day of hundred and this

One thousand eight

Schedule (F.)

To wit

FORM OF JUSTICE'S CERTIFICATE.

ViX 1 J A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, That of

i came before me at the Day of Ouc thousand eight hundred and and made Oath, that he was by Trade a and that was bound to serve

as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade by Indenture, dated the Day of for the Term of

Years; and that the said Apprentice did, on or about the Day of abscond and quit

the Service of the said without his Consent, and that to the bell of his Knowledge and Belief the

laid Apprentice is aged about Years. A* 2D

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Spirits made in Ireland.

(aoth June 1 &06J

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament act'embled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein-aftermentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it maybe enabled And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland there 1 b.all be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For and upon every Barrel of Malt which shall have been or shall be in the Possession of any Person in Ireland on or after the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and which shall have been charged of chargeable with the Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, a Duty of One Shilling Britifa Currency in Addition'to the Duty with which the same shall have been so charged or chargeable:

For and upon every Barrel of Malt, ground or unground, which, at any "Time or Times from and after the said Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and iix, shall be made-of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Ten Shillings British Currency, and so proportionably for any greater oi* less Quantity; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act;

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitae, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made or diddled in Ireland\ and not redlified, which shall have been or shall be in the Possession of any Diililler, Rectifier of Spirits, or Spirit Fadlor in Ireland, on or after the said Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, a Duty of One Penny British Currency in addition to the Duty with which such Spirits shall have been so charged or chargeable:

For and upon every Gallon of Aqua Vitx, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made or diddled in Ireland, and which, having been warehoused in Ireland pursuant to Law, shall, at any Time after the said Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and lix, be taken out of Warehouse for Horne Consumption in Ireland, the Sum of Four Shillings and 0: ic Penny Briit/h Currency, in lieu cf all Duty of Exciseon Spirits payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

Consumption, .'ister

II. And whereas it is expedient, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in respect of the kicreased and additional Duties by this Act imposed on Malt made in Ireland\

cC 1*increased

[5^46 ft*. 5 c. HO. §2 J

NLlt Intnre M. per B irnl, h* Adddmon to former Duties:

On M.ilt made afrersd June 1^06, ios.-pe? Birr; I JBri; -|lh Currency, in lieu of former Duties:

id. per G : llurt on Spis its in St.ck on,

2d June xSw6l

And 4«. id.

British Currency ptr Gallon on warehoused Spiros i.nccn cut for II->n»c 2d June 1806 j Countervailing; Duties' jo If rtdh Be.< and &pi«iU

A, .D.-1806

imported ioto irdasdi

On Beer and

Ale:

OnSpints.

Equivalent Dr.i, wb.icks on Beer .t id >pinis hum belaud.

Drawback on Beer exported, except ta Great Britain.

increased Drawbacks payable on Beer only when brewed from Malt charged under this Act.

Drawback on Spirits exported except to G: eat SfKan*,

'Drawbackon.

Spirit* warr-hon fed after the Irid zd Day of June and exported from Ire'^Hid, led. per tiaUoo.

increased countervailing Duties should be chained upon , Beer or Ale and Spirits respectively made m Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said increased and additional Duties on Malt in Ireland under this Act; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, there shall be charged on all such Beer or Ale, and Spirits, the several Countervailing Duties following, in lieu and fu I Satisfaction of all Countervailing Duties whatever payable upon such Beer or Ale or Spirits, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; that is to say.

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale containing Thirty-two Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Seven Shillings and Eight-pence FarthingBrilish Currency, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act:

For and upon every Gallon of Spirits being of the Manufacture of Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three-pence Britifa Currency, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act:

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Beer or A V made or brewed in IrelandFrom Malt on which the Duties payable.under this Act shall have been fully paid and satisfied, and on the Exportation from Irehtidto Great Britain of Spirits di(filled in Ireland, and which shall not have been warehoused in Ireland, -there shall be respectively allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the said Countervailing Duty hereby granted on Beer or Ale and Spirits respectively made in Great Britain and imported from thence into Ireland, in lieu of all Drawbacks payable under or by virtue of any Ad or Act? in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, in respect of such Beer or Ale and Spirits respectively exported from Ireland to Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to every Person who shall export from Ireland (except to Great Britain) Strong Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland from Malt on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been fully paid and satished, a Drawback or Allowance of Seven Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing for every Thirty-two Gallons of such Strong Beer or Ale, in lieu of all Drawbacks or Allowances thereon, under or by virue of any Act or Acts in force iu Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Drawbacks or Allowances now payable by Law on Beer or Ale exported from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, shall continue to be paid and allowed on all Beer or Ale so exported, having been made or brewed in Ireland from Malt on which the additional or increased Duty imposed by this Act shall not have been fully paid and satisfied 5 and that the increased Drawbacks and Allowances by this Act made payable shall not be paid or allowed on any Beer or Ale lo exported, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs in Ireland that the additional or increased Duty, by this Act- imposed, was paid on the Malt for which such Beer or Ale was brewed or made.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, export to any Place (except to Great Britain) any Spirits made or diddled in Ireland, and which shall not have been warehoused in Ireland, shall be entitled to and shall receive for every Gallon of such Spirits, as and for a Drawback in respect of the whole Duty of Excise, as well that on Spirits as on Malt, paid for in respect of the said Spirits, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say, of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength equal to Proof Spirits on any Hydrometer which shall be approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, the Sum of Three Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny; and of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not less than a Strength equal to Five Degrees or Ten per ('entum over such Hydrometer Prooc, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny; and of such Spirits as shall be of a Strength not less than a Strength equal to Ten Degrees or Twenty per Centum over such Hydrometer Proof, the Sum of Five Shillings and Three-pence; and that if the Spirits so to be exported shall be of a greater Strength than Ten Degrees or Twenty per Centum over such Hydrometer Proof, there shall be paid for every Degree which the said Spirits shall exceed the Strength before mentioned a further D*av/back after the Rate of Two Pminds for every One Hundred Pounds of the Amount of such Drawback of Five Shillings and Three-pence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; and that the said Drawbacks shall be in lieu of all Drawbacks on such Spirits so exported under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from Ireland of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and which shall be or shall have been warehoused in Ireland at any Time after the said Second Day of June under or by virtue of any AtSt or AcIs in force in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of Ten-pence British Currency upon every Gallon of such Spirits j in respect of the Duty paid on the Malt tifed and consumed in the making of such Spirits, in lieu of all former Drawbacks in respect of the Duty paid on the Malt tifed and consumed in the making of Spirits distilled and warehoused in Ireland and exported from thence.

Account of the Stock of Malt and Spirits in Hand on or after 2d June 1806, shall be taken by the Excise u Officer and a Return made to the Collector of the District. §7. — Additional Duties on Mak and Spirits u shall be paid within one Month or on Removal. §8. — Penalty for Default of Payment of such Additional u Duty, Double Duty and2c/. §9. — Duties shall be levied as other Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, 4t under 14, 15 C. 2. r. 8. See. $ 10. — Produce of Duties shall be carried to Consolidated Fund, j 11. — No H Fees to the/W/& Treasury. §12. — Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §13.

A P. LXVIIL

CAP. LX VIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities and Abuses which might have taken place in coridufting ami managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin.

[20th June 1806.]

Recital of 45 G. c. 112. $ 12. empowering Lord Lieutenant to suspend the Powers of the Paving 44' Corporation, andi to appoint Comm iff oners for paving Dublin; and that such Commissioners had accordingly t# been appointed; the recited Act continued §1. — Further Powers given to Lord Lieutenant to direct Treasury to advance Money, not exceeding under recited Act and this Act 20, oocl. Irish Currency. §2. 3.

" Continuance of Act 24th June 1807. §4.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for making better Provision for Soldiers.

[20th June 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the securing to invalid, disabled, and discharged Soldiers, such Pensions and Allowances as they may become entitled to by reason of their Service, or of their having become invalid, or disabled; and that the same should be regulated and paid by or under the Management, Order, Superintendance, and Direction, of the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Payment of all Pensions, Allowances, and Relief granted or to be granted to disabled, invalid, or discharged Soldiers, shall be under the Management, Controul, and Direction of the Commissioners for the Time being of Chelsea Hospital.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the same, in relation to the Payment of any Pensions, Allowances, or Relief to any Soldiers entitled thereto, and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments, and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto, as may be requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Pensions, Allowances, and Relief, either at Chelsea or at Kilmainham Hospitals, or in any other Place where the same shall be payable to the Persons entitled thereto, as the Case may

be s Provided always, .that every such Order or Regulation may from Time to Time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Initriiftion, under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Soldier who shall from and after the passing of this Act become entitled to his l.ifbharge, by reason of the Expiration of any Period of Service fixed in any Orders and Regulations made by His Majesty in that Behalf, or shall have been discharged by reason of being an invalid* pr disabled, or having been wounded, shall thereupon become legally entitled to receive such Pension, Allowance, or Relief, as shall have been fixed in any Orders or Regulations made by His Majesty in relation to such Cases respectively, and in force at the Time of his Inlistment, and for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament; and every such Soldier may claim to be paid or receive the same under the Provisions of this Act, or any Rules or Regulations made in pursuance thereof by Rich Commissioners as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Orders and Regulations from Time to Time made by His Majesty in relation to the Discharge of Soldiers after the Expiration of any Periods of Service, and also in relation to any Pension, Allowance, or Relief to any discharged or iuvalid, disabled, or wounded Soldiers, shall annually be laid before Parliament; and that Estimates of the Amount of all such Pensions, Allowances, and Relief, and of act contingent Expencesand Charges relating to the Payment, Controul, and Management the\*eof>, shall also be annually laid before Parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Soldier enlisted under any such Orders or Regulations as aforesaid shall thenceforth remain entitled to all the Benefit of all the Provisions contained in all such Orders and Regulations made by His Majesty as shall have been or were in force at the Time of his so enlisting, notwithstanding inch Orders or Regulations may be thereafter altered, varied, or annulled, and new Orders or Regulations made in lieu thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury: in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, to order and direct that any Pensions, Allowances, and Relief so due as aforesaid, for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament, shall be paid by any Receiver> General of the Land Tax, or Collector of the Cess i: i Scotland) or any Collector of Duties of CustOms or Excite, or Collector of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Tdxes^out of any>publick-Money in their Hands respectively; and that the Vouchers and Receipts for the Payments of such M&ney shall be taken as Cash in the Accounts, and in Part of the Duties collected by such Receivers General.or Collfcftors' respectively and all such Sums of Money so advanced under any such Rule or Regulation for any such Payment shall be repaid to the Account of the Duties out of which "the same shall have been paid, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Brit an or MancL respectively shall direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Alignments, Bargains, Saks, Orders* Contrafts, Agreements, or Securities whatfcqver, which shall be given or made by any Person entitled to any such Pension, Allowance, or

£ Relief

All Pensions to

Soldier* (h.ill be under ihe Management of* Chelsea Hufp\«al.

Commissioners of said Hospital miy make Orders and Regulations for the Payment of such ftnfions. &c. to be almwed by His Majesty.

S ddiers shall be entitled ro rece ive such Pensions 4$ shall be fixed, in the Regulations made by His Majesty, ar the if 1 mill me nr.

Regulations re.at ag to Dif-ehargeofSoldiers, Sc c. and EUimate* of Amount of Pensions fliidl be nnnujlly laid before Parliament. Soldiers shell remain entitled to the Benefits under(he Regulations.made at ihe Time of enlisting... British or Tiifh Treasury m: «y order Petitions so be pnid by Receive 1 General of Land Tax,

Air A Arguments of Pension* vohL

7S°'

Peralry r»n pcifonaling Pci Tons tnritled to Pci.(ions, Felony without Clergy.

Penalty on forging Penfuners /Names, or Names required to sign Cciliti-cates, &c. Felony pur.i(liable by Tran I pot -ration fur Life, &c.

Justices, Fee to enquiie on Oath into the Truth of Ceicrficates producjrd by Pei suns claiming Pen (ions.

Penalties of Perjury on f.ilfe Oaths.

Orders, Receipt', ic /. (ba.'l be : iee - from Stamps

4$^. 3- c. 50. $ , 9*

Lieeiwes to rttall Spirits may be granted to certain Persons dcelaicd incapable of receiving them under rfcited Mt.

Termunent Serjeant and Paymaster of Yeomanry Carps, (had not be licenced.

Who shall be

itemed

Slctjiferi.

of 4S G. 3.

c. 69.70. 46' Georgii III. A.D. 1806.

Relief as aforesaid, for upon or in respect of any such his Pension Allowance or Relief, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act if any Person shall willingly and knowingly personatc or faliely aiTumc the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any other Person entitled or sup: ) ofed to be entitled to any such Petition, Allowance, or Relief as aforesaid, in order to receive the kune or any Part thereof, every such Person so

offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit or cause or, procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfuly act oraflfiit in forging and counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of any Person entitled to any such Ponsion, Allowance, or Relief, or of any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this Act to sign any Certificate, Voucher, or Receipt, in relation to the Payment of any such Pension, Allowance, or Relief, for and in order to the receiving or obtaining any Money on any such Pension, Allowance, or Relief; or shall utter any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud a: iv Person whatsoever, every such Pt-rfon io offending, being thcrcoflawfully convicted, shall he and is her- by declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and may be transported for Life, or for such Term of Years as the Court shall adiuege.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any .In (lice of the Peace or Magistrate, or any R-ccciver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Ccfs in Scotland, C-oIleftor of the Cuiloms, or Collector of Evcife, to enquire into the Truth of any Certificate or Voucher required by any such Rules or Regulations, and produced to him by any Person claiming any Pension, Allowance, or Relief under any such Certificate or Voucher, or tiny Person acting for him, by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person producing the fame, which Oath or Affirmation any such Justice of the Peace, or Magi drat?, or Receiver General, or Collector aforesaid, is hereby authorised and required to ndminifler, and upon being fatriiied of the Truth of such Certificate or Voucher, to testify the same on the Back of such Certificate or Voucher; and evciy Person who shall in any such Oath or Affirmation wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every fuel 1 Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liableta the like Pains and Penalties as any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is by any Law now in farce subject and liable to.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Certificates; Vouchers, and Receipts, for or relating to any such Petitions, Allowances, or Relief as aforesaid, shall be free from all Duties of Stamps, and be good valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been stamped; any Thing in any Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, in Ireland.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cycler, by Retail\ and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland: And whereas it is by the said recited Act amongst other Things enacted, that no Keeper of any Turnpike Gate, Non-commissioned Yeoman Officer, nor any Person exercising byliimself, or by any One for his Use or Benefit, the Trade or Business of a Grocer, or who shall be ltcensed as a Grocer, t>r in whose House, or in any Building occupied by him cr her, or any House or Building adjoining thereto, and which shall communicate with such House or Building, the Trade or Business '* of a Grocer shall be carried on, or who shall not be a Victualler, Innkeeper, or Tavern Keeper, -shall be capable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale. or Cyder, by Retail: Be it onaftvd by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the find recited Act as is herein-before set forth, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed; and that from and after thepafling of this Act, every such Person herein-before mentioned, shall be capable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquor, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to all such Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said recited Act, and as are not expressly repealed by this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no permanent Serjeant, nor any Person who shall pay, or be -employed to pay any Yeomanry Corps, shall, frojn and after the passing of this Act, be capable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail 5 any Thing in the said recited Act, or in this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall fell by himself or herself or by any Person employed by him or her, or aftiig for his or her Benefit, either within his or her House, Outhouse, or Building, Hut, Tent, or other Place whatever, or to be consumed elsewhere. Spirituous Liquors in Lfs Quantity at One Time than Two Gallons, mixed or unmixed with Water Sugar or other Ingredients or Beer Ale or Cyder, in less Quantity than a Quarter of a Barrel, or Wine in less Quantity than One Gallon, (Sellers of bottled Beer, Ale, Porter, or Cyder, excepted, who shall fend the same Abroad and not fell any to be consumed in their own Houses), shall be deemed to be Retailers, and to fell the same by Retail within the Meaning of the said recited

7 5*

46° GEORGII III. C. 70.

Act, 'and shall be subject and liable to all the Regulations in the said Act contained; and if not duly licenced, shall be subject to all and Angular the Penalties and Disabilities enacted against Persons felling the same by-Retail without Licence, by the said Act, or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland; any Thing-in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or in this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight After S9*h hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall not have obtained a Licence to sell Spirituous Sypteirbcrinany Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by Retail, for the Year next ensuing the said Twenty-ninth Day of

September One thousand eight hundred and six, and so in any subsequent Year from and after the Twenty-ninth Licence* may

Day of September in fitch Year, it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall not have obtained such Licence npr*iy to Two

the Year next ensuing such Twenty -ninth Day of September respectively, under any of the Directions and M-igiftwtcs ^ho*

Regulations in the said recited Act contained, to apply to any Two Magistrates of the County residing nearest

to the Habitation of such Person, for a Certificate that he or she is a proper Person for being entrusted with such c

Licence; and if such Magistrates shall be of Opinion that the Person 10 applying is proper to be so entrusted,

then such Person shall be required by such Magistrates to enter into a Bond in the Amount, and conditioned as

in this Act is mentioned, with Two such Sureties as shall be approved of by such Magistrates, and upon

such Security being entered, into and delivered to such Magistrates, such Magistrates shall thereupon give

to the Person so applying, a Certificate under their Hands and Seals in Manner and Form following; t\iat

i6 to say.

' County of (or, County of the City of or, County of the Town of as the Case may be.) ,

TT^E> A.B. and C.D. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, being the Justice31

neared resident to the Habitation of E. F. of do hereby certify, that the said

E. F. is a fit and proper Person to be entrusted with the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and

Cyder, by Retail, at in the Parish of (or, if the

Place is extra-parochial, the Name of the Place), until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Date

hereof; and that all Requisitcs for entitling the said E. F. to the said Licence have been dnly performed,

§ and that the Sureties of the said E. F. given for entitling him to the said Licence, are G. H. of

«.and /. K of.Witness our Hands and Seals, this. Day of .*

in the Year of our Lord N

V. And be it further enacted, That the Person desiring such Licence, shall deliver such Certificate so signed On Pro<Jufliorr and sealed as aforesaid, to fume Distributor of Stamps in the County in which the Place mentioned in such such Cemfi-Certificate for retailing the said Liquors shall lie, or to such other Officer or Person as shall be appointed^Sram ls mlyf for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties; and, thereupon, such Distributor, or other Officer grant fl!Ch

or Person, shall forthwith make and sign and deliver to such Person, a Licence, in the Form following^ that Licences, is to say:

Qf Di of hereby licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and'

*Cyder, by Retail, at (turning the Place in the said Certificate mentioned/, in the

1 Parish of {or, if the Place is extra-parochial, the Name of the Place), nn and from the Day of the Date hereof, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September following. Witness my Hand*

this Day of in the Year

" A.Z?.'Distributor of Stamps,

" or, Officer appointed by the Stamp Office,

" (as the Case may be)."

Which Licence shall be of force on and from the Day of the granting thereof until the Twenty-ninth Day of September then next ensuing, and no longer; and every such Licence shall be on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, stamped with the proper Stamp by Law required for the fame; and for the issuing of such Licence, and the filling up the fame, every such Distributor or other Officer or Person, shall be entitled to demand the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency as a Fee, toge ther with the Amount of the Stamp Duty, thereon, before he shall sign or deliver such Licence; and such Distributor, or other Officer or Person, shall not, for issuing such Licence, demand or receive any larger or other Fee than as aforesaid; and every Licence so granted-by the said Distributor or other Officer, shall be of the same force and efleft during the Continuance thereof, as any Licence granted under the said recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Condition of every Bond Condition of

which shall be given by any Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail Bjnd by Pa: ty/

under the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be as follows, that is to say; that the Person to be licensed fnali licensed.

keep a Victualling House, Inn, or Tavern, during the Time such Licence shall be in force, and shall be [$w45G-3*

constantly provided with Strong Beer, Ale, or Porter, and Victuals of good and found Quality for Sale by c*

Retail, and shall supply all Travellers who shall require it with such Victuals, and Beer, Ale, and Porter, at reasonable Rates, and shall not sell Spirituous Liquors to be con fumed in his or her House or Premises on or during a Sunday at any Time of the Day whatever, nor Wine, Ale, Beer, Porter, or Cyder, on a Sunday, before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; nor Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Porter, or Cyder, before Sunrifc in the Morning of any Day, nor after an unseasonable Hour any Evening, except to Travellers; nor to any Tradesman, Artificer, or Labourer, resorting to the House of the Person so licensed for the Purpose of paying or receiving Wages, or of entering into any Combination: and shall not knowingly or wilfully entertain any Persons assembling for the Purpose of entering into any unlawful Association or Combination thereio, nor

4. any

m

752

C. 70.

4.6° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

ftnv Person in Anr.8 who is not by LaW qualified to carry the fame?; and that Inch Person so to be Feenfed respectively, shall not at any Time receive into his or her House, or permit or suffer to be sold therein or tiler eout, «my Sp*rituous Liquors which shall not to the b^lt of his or her Knowledge and Belief hare fully paid the Duties thereon and which shall not have been duly and legally attended with proper Permits to such Person itom the Di'h)Wy or Stores of a Distiller, Pactor* or other Person selling Spirits, and being duly licensed thereto according to Law.

Person* retailing Vlt And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall fell any without Licence Spirituous Liquors, Wine, B -er, Ale, dt Cydef, by Retail in Ireland, unless such Person shall, at the Time of in torce at the felling fitch Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, be licensed so to do cither under the said ^TuVc^iTable 'o rocked Act or this Act; and if any Person shall fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by penalties under Retail, without having a Licence in force for that Purpose at the Time of felling the fame* every such Person Mecued Ati. being duly convicted thereof in Manner as in the Md recited Act*is directed, shall forfeit and incur the several t3ums of Money, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said recited Act mentioned and contained with respect to Persons felling such Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer* Ale, or Cydtfr, by Retail, without being licensed in Manned required by the said recited Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds and Securities entered into by the Persons requiring Certificates from Two Justices under this Act, shall be from Time to Time transmitted or delivered by such Justices* nr One of them, within Three Months after the same shall have been so entered into, to the rrfpedlive Clerks of the Peace, to be by them kept among the Records of the County, in such Manner as the said Clerks of the Peace are by the said recited Act required to keep the Bonds entered into by Persons licensed under the said recited Act j and every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall, upon Demand made to him by any Justice of Peacd

the Lmeasui-der for the County, or by the Commissioners of Excise, or Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties* ora»y, of 4; G. 3. C. 50. them, or by any Officer acting under the Authority or Orders of either of the said Commissioners* produce any Bond in his Custody under the said recited Act for this Act, so demanded, for the Inspection of the Person 'demanding the fame, under Penalty" of Five Pounds I^ritish Currency, to be rbcovefed by Civil Bill by the Peripa making such Demand.

IX. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, That every Person having a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors* Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, and duly authorized by any Magistrate to fell

such Spirituous or other Liquors at any Fair, shall pay to the Collector of Excise for the Liftridt wherein such Fair shall be held* such Duty as shall be payable therefore for tfach Fair Day at Which such Person shall be fd authorized to fell such Liquors j Be it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Dalys after the passing of this Act, every" such Duty now payable, or hereafttrrto be payable, shall be paid and payable to some Dittributor of Stamps in the Coitnty in which such Fair shall beheld* and not to any Collector of Excise or other Person; and every such Payment so made to such Distributor shall have the same Force, Validity", and EfTedt in all RespedH whatsoever* as the same might or could have under the said recited Act, if made to tb^ Cofle6orof Excise of the District in Which such Fair shall be, and such Distributor shall certify such Payment iipoh the Foot or Bafok of such Licence* in such Manner as the said Collector fof Excise is by the said recited Act authorized and required to do*

X And be it further dndted, That every Distributor of Stamps, or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps, shall from Time to Time on the First Day of every Month, or within Three Days after, at all such other Times as they shall be thereto required by Notice figqed by any Commissioner of Excise, or by him 8 JnU by any Commissioner of Stamps; tr&nsmit io the Excise and Stamp Offices in Dublin respectivelr a true and accurate Lift of all Licences issuedby them respectively under and by virtue of this Act* in the Month preceding* or during such Period as shall fee required of them, with the Date df such Licences, the Names of the Persong licensed, and their Sureties* and the Places where they shall be licensed to fell, and the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid on such Licences respectively j and evefy Dittributor shall in like Manner trflnsmit to the said txciie and Stamp Offices, an Account of all such Sum and Suriis of Money as shall hare been received by such Distributor in respect of Licences by Magistrates for felling at Fairs 5 and if any such Distributor or other Officer shall refine or neglect to return such Lilt within Three Days after the Fifft Day' of every Month, or within Ten Daysfcfter such Notice as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Current?.

XI. And be it further tnadted. That if any Distributor of Stamps, or other Officer or Person appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for tile Purposes of this Act, shall demand, take* or receive diiedtly or indirectly by himself or feny other Person employed by him or acting oil his Behalf, any greater Fee or Fees for doing his Duty under this Act, or under the said recited Act, than is or are allowed wnio him by this Act or by the fitid recited Act, or shall refute to fill up or give any Licence or Certificate Required to be givert by I lin. for the Purpose of carrying this Act or the said recited Act into Execution, such Liflributor ot other Person P all forfeit the Sum of One liitndred Pounds British Currency to any" Person who shall sue for the fame, and shall be, and he is hereby detktred incapable fof ever after acting is a Distributor of Statnp6* or Officer undfer the Commissioners of Stamps.

Xu. And be it further Chfldled, That in case <tny Person licensed to sell Spirituous Liquofs, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyddf, by Retail* under the said recited Act, or this Act, shall happen to die during the Continuance Licences well of tjlc Liccncd granted to such Person* it shall and may be lawful for the i4eir t>f such Person who shall become findcT^G*} poHefted of the House or Place in which such I'erson shall ha*e been fb licensed to fell thfe fame, to continue to fell <c. 50. §13! Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder* by Retail in such House or Place until the Expiration of the

_ 'Jui(tiers rttall irnnlmit Bonds, given helo»e them by Parlies licensed, to Clerk of Peace, who shall keep

'l\iy: r»cfus in r< spedt 10 Fairs fiin 11 be made To Stamp Distii-butoi, and not to Clh<stor of Exo«c. [SVr 45 G. 3. c.-50.

s+ j

make monthly ^Return* Of

and of M >nfy received on Fair Licences,

l*cnalry on Diitiii utor for Extortion.

T?eii* maywe

the B ntlitf

spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder* by Retail in such House or Place until the Expiration.

Tern 1 or e hith such Licence shall have been grafted* In like Manner, and upon the like Conditions, and under the iik* Restrictions* as the Executor or Adiuiuistrator of such Person so dying may do under or by virtue of ti/e said recited Act.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 70, 71. 753

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices by or before whom any Conviction shall be had Cwnviai-ms shall or made of any Person for selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, without Licence under the said recited Act or this Act, shall return such Conviction to the Clerk of the Crown at or before the next nccxt' e4, Vuing 20

ensuing Affixes or Presenting Term which shall happen after Twenty clear Days from the Date of such D^y* after the

Conviction; and such Proceedings shall be thereupon had as are required and directed by the said recited Act Con via ion, and

with respect to Convictions returned to the Clerk of the Crown under the said recited Act; and in case there Pr accededion as

shall be no County Infirmary in which the said Parish, Town Land, or Town, shall befituate, off which the

Fine mentioned in the said recited Act shall be levied in consequence of such Conviction, then and in such Application of

Case, the Money levied for any such Fine shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said County to such Infirmary or Fine, where there

other charitable Institution within such County, as the Court at such Assizes or Presenting Term shall direct. " "° County

Infirmary.

XIV. And be it declared and enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as contains any Directions or D,^,n* Provisions with respectto Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors in the City of Dublin, or in the County fm6+. as

of the City of Dublin, or in the County of Dublin, shall be deemed, taken, and construed to extend, and shall Licences in extend and relate to Licences for selling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Al?, and Cyder, by Retail only Dublin, &c.fl»all with; n the said City, and County of the said City, and County of Dublin respectively 5 any Thing in the said re(ate to Retail recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding. ' Licence* on y.

Bounties for Sale of Beer in the Year ending 29th September 1804, shall be paid by Collectors on Order o

Commissioners of Excise, if they are satisfied of the Propriety of so doing. §15. [&V45 G. 3. c. 50. $ 68.J

XVI. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act amongst other Things enacted, That every Person who Penalty on

shall be licensed to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail under the said Act, shall, for the Eurposes therein *T|?frace mentioned, be furnished by the Collector in whose District such Person shallrefide, or by the Clerk of the Peace* forn0Tfurn, n^n#

with a printed Abstract of the Regulations in the said Act contained, respecting the Conduct or Duty of Abstrail*

Retailers Be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every such Collector or Clerk of required by the Peace, who shall on Demand thereof refuse, neglect, or omit to fumish such Abstract to any such Person so 4» G. 3- c-licensed, shall, for every such Refusal, Neglect, or Omission, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that no such Collector or Clerk of the Peace shall be bound to fumifti such Abstract to the same Person more than Once.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, Recited and and Things contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall extend, and be construed to »*»* Ad shall be extend, and shall be applied to the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes,

as if the said Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted In this Act 5 and that the said recited Act, and this Act, shall be construed together so for' as the same are compatible with each other, and so far as the said recited Act is not expressly altered or repealed1'by this Act.

CAP. LXXL - e " it

An Act to amend fereral Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals

within Ireland.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland*, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of finding and working ! i(h Acts Mines and Minerals within this Kingdom, it was amongst other Things enacted, that it should be lawful to and 10 G. c. 5.

for all Archbishops, Bishops, and other Dignitaries and Persons Ecckfastical, and to and for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and other Persons in the said Act mentioned, to make and grant Leafca for Thirty-4' one Years, of all Mines and Minerals whatsoever found and discovered, or which might thereafter be found and discovered within their respective Manors, Glebes, or Lands, in such Manner as in and by the said Act is mentioned and directed 3 and that Persons having such Interest as in the said Act is mentioned, in Lands set in Fee Farm or otherwise, with an Exception of Mines and Minerals, should have full Power and Authority to open, dig, and work all Mines or Minerals which should or might be found in or upon the said Lands, and to raise and carry away the Ore thereof, or to demise the same for Thirty^ohe Years as aforesaid; and it is by*

the said recited Act enacted, that all and every the Persons aforesaid, and all and every Person and Persons to whom the said Mines and Minerals should be demised as aforesaid, should have free Liberty to build all such Houses as should be found convenient and useful for working the said Mines, and to dig and make Turf for the Use of the said Houses, where the same should happen to be in Bogs or Mountains only, making such Com*

penfotion as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas, by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for explaining and amending the x5 G. 2. c. rti said herein-before recited Act, the said recited Act, and the Provisions thereof were extended to Coal Mines r pCIfonf 2ft$

And whereas it is expedient to enlarge the Provisions of the said Acts in Manner herein after mentioned; r be £odie» Politick, k therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords &c. cropoweied: Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, id this prefen t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ' n\»ke Lea set That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all ard every PeHon and °* ^ij?^, nder*Persons, and for all and every Body or Bodies Politick add Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, in the said recited Leafei?* Act toreither of them mentioned, and who by the said recited Acte or either of them are empowered to make certainQuantitics Leases of Mines and Minerals in Manner in the said recited Acts mentioned, in like Manner to make and grant of Land* conti-

Leases not exceeding the Term of Thirty-one Years, of any Quantity of Land, not exceeding Three Acres, §uou$ Mines

46 Geo. III. 5D whick for"

754 7r» 72»

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1805.

Leflor* fmy

I*u»M on such Lands Smelting Houses and <Kht Buildings fur the Coiwtnierce of working Mines.

Compenfnhon Hull he nude for such Lands in Manner reguir-.d by first recited Act.

4S C. 3. c. 57

HisM.jtftyma, permit the Importation into Road Harbour and Expot tation from 11.cnee, of such Ariich s as are permitted to be implied into he Fort of JLiffiu.

His Majesty may also peimit the Importation and Exportation at Rcud Harbour of ali Sugar without Payment of the Duty.

All fuih Sugar (except a cert-in Quantity from the Virgin (Hands) deemed foreign Sugar.

which shall or may be contiguous to such Mines or Minerals, wherever such Mines or Minerals may be situate j and where such Mines or Mirferals shall happen to he situate in Bogs or Mountains, then to make and grant such Leases of any Quantity of Land not exceeding Fifteen Acres, which may be contiguous to such Mines or Minerals, for the Convenience and Accommodation of the said Houses, and of the Workmen occupying the fame, and for cutting Turf and erecting Smelting Houses for Smelting the Ores of the said Mines and Minerals, and for erecting and making other Buildings and Works necessary for the more profitable working of any such Mines $ and that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or Persons who under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, are empowered t'» open, dig, and work Mines and Minerals, and to build Houses, as in the said Acts is mentioned, to hold, occupy, and enjoy such respective Quantities of Land for the Purposes aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Lessors and other Persons to whom such Land shall b demised, or who shall hold or occupy the same Under or by virtue of this Act and the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall have full Power and free Liberty to erect and make on the Land so demised to, or held or occupied by them, Smelting Houses, a id any other Houses, Buildings, and Works whatsoever, necessary for the more profitable working of any such Mines or Minerals respectively, and to cut, dig, and make Turf on the said Land, to be employed in the Smelting the Ores of such Mines or Minerals, or in any other Manner necessary for the erecting of such Mines; and that for the more cafy working of such Mines or Minerals, such Lessees or other Persons shall have full Power and free Liberty to divert and make nfe of any such Stream or Streams of Water as shall pass through any Part of such Land so demised or occupied, and as shall not have been used occupied, or employed by any Mill or Mill Dam previous to the Time when such Land shall be so demised or occupied for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who by virtue of this Act shall use or occupy any such Land for the Purposes in this Act mentioned shall make Compensation to such Person or Persons a9 shall be entitled to the Possession of such Lands, in such Manner and Form as is by the said first recited Act required and directed, with respect to Lands wherein or whereon any Mines and Minerals shall be dug for, or any Houses shall be built, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts 5 and that all Clauses, Powers, and Provisions in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained, with respect to the Matters and Things in the said Acts mentioned, shall extend and he construed to extend and be applied in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually as if such Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and

Commodities into, and from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the I Hand of Tortola

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Articles, Goods, and Commodities, which are permitted in an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His' pr^sent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to confoTidate \ the federal Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into? 1 end from, certain Ports in the West Indies, to be imported into the Port of Nassau? in the Island of New

Providence, one of the Bahama Islanjls, should in like Manner be permitted by His Majesty, by and with the

Advice of His Privy Council, to be imported into, and exported from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the

Island of Tortola? one of the Virgin Islands; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the famb, That, from and after the passing of this A£, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to- permit the Importation into the said Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola? one of the Virgin Islands, and the Exportation from thence into this Kingdom, of all such Articles, Goods and Commodities, as are bermitted as aforesaid to be imported into the Port of Nafldu, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, and to be exported from thence to this Kingdom, in the same Manner, on the same Duties and Drawbacks, and subject to the same Rules. Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided in the said Act, respecting Importation into, and Exportation from, the Port of Nassau, and further subject to such Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and restrictions, as shall from Time to Time be directed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by and yith the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Importation into the Port of Road Harbour? in the said Island of Tortola? and Exportation from thence, without Payment of any Duty of Customs, of all Sugar whatsoever, under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and restrictions, as may from Time to Time be directed by His Majesty, by such Advice as aforesaid; and all Sugar imported into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the said Island of Tortola, (otheT than and except such Sugar as shall actually be of the Growth and Produce of the British Virgin Islands, and exported as such under the Certificates of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the said Island, which Certificate shall be given in such Form as shall be directed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, and shall not be given in any one Year for any greater Quantity than Five millions eight hundred and eighty thousand Pounds Weight), shall be deemed and takeh to be Foreign Sugar, and be imported into the United Kingdom, as such, and subject to all Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, relating thereto.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 73> 74* 755

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for gi anting Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Gibraltar and the Island of Malta.

[3d julj 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Improvement of Commerce and Correspondence, and for the more speedy Conveyance of Letters and Packets between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Town and Fortress of Gibraltar and the Island of Malta, to establish one or more Packet Boats between the Port of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, or such other Port in the United Kingdom as His Majesty's *Post Master General for the Time being shall appoint, and the Town and Fortress of Gibraltar and the Island*of Malt i be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Post Master General and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at any Time after the passing of this Act, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Port of Falmouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient Port in the United kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to or from the Town and Fortress of Gibraltar, (over, and above all other Rates payable for Conveylmce of such Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom), a Packet Postage according to the Rates and Sums in Sterling Money herein after mentioned the lame being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to say*

For every Single Letter, One Shilling and Nine-pence:

For every Double Letter, Three Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Treble Letter, Five Shillings and Three-pence:

And for every Ounce, Seven Shillings 5 and so in Proportion for every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce;

And for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the said Port of Falmouth, or from or to any other convenient Port in the said United Kingdom to or from the said Idand of Malt, (over and above all other Rates payable for Conveyance of such Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom), a Packet Postage according to the Rates and Sums in Sterling Money herein after mentioned, the same being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce; that is to say*

For every Single Letter, Two Shillings and One Penny:

For every Double Letter, Four Shillings and Two-pence:

For every Treble Letter, Six Shillings and Three-pence:

And for every Ounce Eight Shillings and Four-pence; and so in Proportion fc r every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce 1

And for the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter 7 not first conveyed by Packet Boats from the said United Kingdom) sent from or to the said Town and Fortress to or from the said Island of Malta the Sum of Sixpence

For every Double Letter, One Shilling:

For every Treble Letter, One Shilling and Sixpence:

And for every Ounce, Two Shillings; and so in Proportion for every Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Establishment of Packet Boats for the Purposes aforesaid, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods for Recovery of the fame, and all other Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Post Office, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to the said Town and Fortress of Gibraltar and the said Island of Malt ', and to each and every of them, and to all His Majesty's Subjects therein respectively, as fully and effectually in every Respect as if the same and His Majesty's Subjects therein were expressly included in such Asti, or in any of them.

M Produce of Rates shall be carried to British Consolidated Fund. $ 3. — General Issue. Treble Costs. f 4.

Additional Rates of Postage on Letrer*by Packet Boat* from^or to Falmouth or other Places to or from Gibi altar.

Single Letters is. +d.

Double js. 6d. Treble 5s 3d* and7f peiOuncc*

Additional Rates-on Letters to or from Malra.

Single Letters as. id.

Double 49. sd. Treble 6s. 3d. Ounce 8s. 4d.

Rates 4>r-tween Gibraltar and MttUn, Single 6d. Double js. Treble is. 6d*Ounce as.

icbting to the Post Office <"Xtended to Gibraltar and Malta.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships [3d July 1806.]

FOR better carrying on the Trade of this Kingdom during the Cortinuanc^of Hostilities, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Prussian Yarn imported into the United Kingdom (luce the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six or which shall be imported after the passing of this Act, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to permit, pfU(Tian Yar« during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months >fter the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the iropoitfd ft nee Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Vessels, from States irt Amity with His Majesty, of certain Aprii 4, 1806, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to empower His Majesty by Order in Council so prohibit the Exportation of y Copper, and to permit the Importation in neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His MajtJlj, of certain Goods, g. 3. c. 153, j*J D 2 Wares,

756

firt jcfled hj the lame Duties a* if imported in Iritish Vessels.

All Monies and Bills received by Receiver General of l be Excise shall be paid by bim into the Bank, who shall open an Account thereof.

Receiver General may retain

30.0001. (or in certain Case*

80.0001.)for ordinary Payments,

Bank shall make Eofrics of Receipt* in a Buok, to Le returned to Excite Ofljcc for Jntpc^Hon of the Comptroller.

How Money placed to Account of Receiver General (h»ll he paid from the Bank into the Exchequer.

RestriAion on Banks* to Payment of Money or Delivery of Bill.', &c.

Certain Monies shall not be sent to the Bank, but -feceived and Recounted for as ftcrcrofoic,

C. 74, 75.' 46° GEORGII III. AD.i^oS.

Wares, and Merchandise, shall be subject and liable to the same Duties of Customs, anr'^iVne Riles, Regulations, and Restrictions, and none other, that such Yarn would be subject ansi liahk*> if , r.: p<rtt i m a British Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law; any Thing in the said Au .0 the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Excise in England.

[3d yx/Zy 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be established by Law in the Office of the Receiver General of the Excise, That all Monies, Bills, Notes, and Drafts received on the Account of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise should be lodged in the Bank of England, previous to its being taken from thence to the Exchequer; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, all Monies, Bills, Notes, and Drafts received by or coming to the Hands of the Receiver General of the Excise on Account of the Revenue of Excise in Great Britain

(except as is herein after excepted; shall be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (that is to say), such Monies, Notes, and Drafts either on the same Day or the Day after the same shall be received, and such Bills on the Day cua which the fame, having been first duly accepted, shall have been indorsed by the Commissioners of Excise; for which Monies, Bills, Notes, and Drafts, the Entry in the Book herein after mentioned shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills, Notes, and Drirfts so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England> shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be entitled. The Account of the Publish Monica of the Receker General of the Excise, inserting the Name of such Receiver General for the Time being.

II. Provided nfcvertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Receiver General to retain and keep in his own Hands, for the Payment of casual and ordinary and daily Demands, out of the Monies so received by him as such Receiver General, ' such Sum not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds at the Clole of each Day, unless any further Sum shall be directed to be retained by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds over and above the said Thirty thousand Pounds, or unless with the Permission in Writing of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or some Beribn duly authorized in that Behalf, shall daily upon receiving any Money, Bills, Notes or Drafts from such Receiver General of the Excise, make an Entry of the Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts so received in a Book to be provided by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, with the Approbation of the Lords Com-roilfioner8 of His Majesty's Treasury, and febt for that Purpose by such Receiver General; which Book shall be forthwith re-delivered to the Persons making the Payments for the Excise Office, and inspected daily after its Return by the Comptroller of the Cash of the Excise, or his Clerk, such Clerk being first duly authorized by him, for whose Conduct he shall be answerable; who shall compare the same with the Book kept by such Comptroller, for the Purpose of seeing that the Receiver General constantly pays into the Bank all the Money, Bills, Notes and Drafts which he ought to do under the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Comptroller, or his Clerk duly authorized as aforesaid, may discover in that Behalf* shall be immediately reported to the Commissioners of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies placed to the Account of the Receiver General as aforesaid in the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Exchequer from Time to Time as by Law is directed, in Manner following; (that is to say), the Receiver General or his Clerk duly authorized by him for that Purpose, for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, shall make an Order upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Order shall be countersigned by the Comptroller of the Cash of the Excite) to write off from his Account the Sum desired; and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized on their Behalf, shall thereupon write off such Sum, and deliver a Note, drawn and cancelled in such Manner and Form as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Amount to the Receiver General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive it as so much Calli: And it shall not be lawful for the Governor arid Company of the Bank of England to pay or transfer any Part of the Money so deposited and placed to the Account of such Receiver General, from such Account, otherwise than into the Exchequer, in Manner aforesaid; or to deliver any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, save and except to the Solicitor of the Excise or his Clerk, upon his Application for the lame, together with the Receiver General or his Clerk, and the Comptroller of the Cash or his Clerk, for the sole Purpose of taking out an Extent for the Security of the Money for which such Bill of Exchange, or Draft, shall have been given; in which case the Board of Excise shall be immediately acquainted therewith, if fitting, by such Solicitor, Receiver General, and Comptroller of Calli, or, if not fitting, at the Time of their assembling; and such Delivery shall be entered by the Bank in the Book to be kept as is herein directed.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothings herein contained shall extend to require certain Monies received by such Receiver General, of the Description herein after mentioned, to be paid into the Bank of England \ (that is to say), Money arising by Deductions on Account of the Civil List Tax, and One Shilling Tax oa Salaries, or on Account of the Qharity Fund for fupenumuated Officers or Money received from the

46° GEORGII III. c. 75, 76.

roasting of Coffee, or anting from the Sale of Goods for which the Duties shall not have been paid, or of condemning Seizures; but such Monies shall continue to be received, accounted for, and applied as they were before the passing of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of tl.e present and of every other Receiver General of the Excise hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as such Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually veil in such Successor in Trust for the Service of the Excise, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in ptirfuaoce of the like Orders as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, the Receiver General of the Excise for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued on his Account for the Service of the Excise; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall have so paid orcaufed to be paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies, Bills, Notes, and Drafts, which shall be actually received by them from and on Account of such Receiver Gea^gd as aforesaid; except such Bills aa may have been returned in Manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or caufr or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or atiift in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand-writing of the Receiver General of the Excise for the Time being, or of the Comptroller of the Cash of the Excise, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Draft, InftrUment, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Receiver General of the Excise, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or atiift in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing in Form of a Draught made by such Receiver General, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or pubmh any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

" Act may be altered this Session. §9.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in England.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be established by Law, for depositing all the Monies, Bills, and Drafts, received on Account of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, except as herein after is mentioned, in the Bank of England\ until the same shall be paid into the Exchequer, as now required by Law be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, all Sums of Money, Bills, Drafts, and Notes, which shall be received by the Receiver General of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; that is to say, the Money and Notes, and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall be already accepted, or not require Acceptance, on the Day after the same shall be received, and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall require Acceptance, and not be already accepted when received* on the Day after the same shall be accepted; and all such Monies, Bills, Drafts and Notes, mail be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be entitled, " The Account of the Publick Monies of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, " inferring the Name of such Receiver General for the Time being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General from Time to Time to retain in his Hands, out of the Monies received by hint as such Receiver General, such Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in each Week, unless any larger Sum shall be allowed in Writing by any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, as the Commissioners of Stamps shall from Time to Time direct, for the Payment of casual and ordinary Charges and Expences, payable. out of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ or some Person duly authorized by them in that Behalf, shall daily upon receiving any Money, Bills, Drafts, or Notes, from the Receiver General of Stamps, make an Entry of the Money, Bills, Drafts, and Notes, so received, in a Book to be provided for that Purpose, which Book shall be forthwith returned to the Stamp Office, and inspetfted daily after its Return by the Comptroller and Accountant General, or Deputy Comptroller and Accountant General, of the Stamp Duties, who shall compare the same with the Books kept by him, for the Purpose of seeing that the Receiver General constantly pays into the Bank all the Money, Bills, Drafts, and Notes, which he ought to do under the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Comptroller and Accountant General, or Deputy Comptroller and Accountant General, may discover in that Behalf, shall be immediately reported to the Commissioners of Stamps, who shall report the fame, unless the same shall appear to them to have happened by Mistake or Inadvertence, to the Loras Commissionen of the Treasury,

75 7

On the Peafh or Removal of the Receiver General, the B. lance shall vest in his Successor.

Receiver General shall keep Account*ith the Bank.

Forging Tnftro* ment.*, See. declared Felony without Clergy.

All Monies and* Bills received by the Receiver General of Stamps shall be paid l>y him intw the Bank, who shall open an Account thereof.

Receiver General may retain i, ooool. perWcek for ordinaryPayments, under Direction of the Coraujiflioners* See.

Bank ihallmake Entries of Receipts in a Book, to be returned to the Stamp Office for fnfpeltion of Comptroller^ C,

75«

How Week'jr Payments (h.ill br nude from ti.c B mk into the Exchequer of Mum y nccived furbtampDuiics.

R criver Gcncnl may rtraar on the Bmk t.r such Sum a % the Commissioners flul direct, (o-the Payment of Salaries, 4cC. in case the Muncy retained ae infuflk ienL

Dufts duly drawn sufficient Authority to Cue Bank.

On Death or Removal of the fucinei General the B<hrxc in the B nk Qi-11 % c 14 in his Successor, who may draw for all unsatisfied Charges.

Receiver General Bull keep Account with the B ink.

Forging Instru-vnents, Sec. declared Felony Without Cicigy.

C. 76, 77. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Weekly Payments into the Exchequer purfurnt to Law, of the Monies arising from the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be made in Manner following; (that is to say), the said Receiver General, or one of his Clerks, to be deputed and authorized by him for that Purpose, shall make an Order upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to write off from his Account the Sum desired, which Order shall be cotmtcrfig.ied in such Manner as the Lords of the Treasury shall direct, and the said Governor and Company, or some /erson duly authorized in that Behalf, shall upon Receipt of such Order write off the Sum therein mentioned accordingly, and deliver a Note for the Amount (which for greater Security shall be cancelled) tu the Bearer of such Order, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the Bank Clerks, attending there to receive Monies paid into the Exchequer, shall receive such Note as so much Cash.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the Payment of Salaries, Incidents, and other Charges and E pence#, payable out of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, (and which the Money to be retained by the said Receiver General as before directed maybe inefficient to pay; , it shall b^lawful for the said Receiver General, or'One of his Clerks, to be deputed and authorized by him for that Purpose, to draw out of the Bank of England, as Occasion may require, such Sum or Sums of Money, as the Commissioners of Stamps shall from Time to Time allow and direct in that Behalf; and that every Draft or Order on the Bank for Money for any of the lad mentioned 1'urposes, shall be coimtersigned in such Manner as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct, and shall specify the Head of Service for wdiich the same shall be issued; and the said Receiver General shall from Time to Time account for the Monies so to be drawn by him or his Clerk out of the Bank, as w ell as for the Monies so to be retained by him as aforesaid, and for the Application thereof respectively, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Stamps, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to any of the Directions of this Act but not otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts or to the Bearer of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present and of every other Receiver General of Stamp Duties hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Calli for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as (bon as a Successor shall be, appointed to the said Office, actually veil in such Successorin Trull for the Service of the Publick, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like; rafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the P eceiver General for the Time being shall and he is hereby directed and required to issue h)s Drafts and Orders as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Demands payable out of the aforesaid Revenue, although the same IhaT have accrued in the Time of any former Receiver General.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after Fourteen Days after the passing of this A cl, the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued by and paid to the Bank on his Account for the Service of the Publick; and the said Receiver General, 'observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money, Bills, Drafts, or Notes, which he shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies, Bills, Drafts, or Notes, which shall be actually received by them as aforesaid from the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties

IX. And be it further enacted, Tint if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or afliik in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand-writing of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or of his Clerk, or of either of the Commissioners of Stamps, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing in Form of a Draft, made by such Receiver General or his Clerk, or shall utter or publish any such, knownng the same to be forged or c unterfeited, with Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

" Act may be altered this Session. $ 10.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making Discoverxes for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto \ and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners o the Longitud;

in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution. [^d July t8; 6 ]

Recital of 43 Geo. 3. c. 118 j y, 6 and that certain Debts have been incurred under said Act beyond the 44 5, ocol. thereby allowed. Commissioners of Longitude shall certify the Amount of the Debts incurred by them 41 under the recited Act, and the Names of the Persons to whom due, to the Commissioners of the Navy, who 41 shall make out Navy Bills for their Discharge, §1. — Commissioners shall certify to the Navy B^ard the Fitness.9 "of

A.D. 18?o6. 46° GEORGII III. C. 78, 79.' 759

of tying Experiments fur Discovery of the Longitude; and alfc> their Opinion that any Person is entitled to 44 a le"s Reward than under 14 G. 3. c. 66. for Improvements. §2 — All such Debts and Rewards shall not exceed 10, cool. §3. — How Rewards shall be certified. §4 — Certificates not liable to Stamp Duties, " j 5.

[See G. 3. c. 118. §4, 5, 6, 7, 8*forJimtlar Privisions.}

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

[3A July 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray the Expences of the just and necessary War in which Your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty the

Duty herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembed, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be assessed, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, throughout Great Britain, upon every Assessment made or to be made after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repe ling the several Duties under the Management of the Commtfponert

for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Qoachmahers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons feiling Carriages by Au8ion> or on Commission; and under or by virtue of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses used in rirtingt or for drawing certain Carriages; a >d for consolidating the said Additional Duties with the present Duties thereon; an additional Rate or Duty after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum upon such Assessments.

Commissioners and other Officers under recited Acts shall execute this Act. §2. — Duties shall be payable* 44 Quarterly, &c. as the former Duties. $ 3 — Powers of Acts relative to former Duties extended to this Act. $4. 44 — Produce shall be carried to Britfb Consolidated Fund. § r. — Separate Account of the Duty shall be kept* w and Produce applied to Loan, £cc. of the present Session. §6.

f See of t*

A/'rwhnceifor Children 0 t of thffe Dili's,

[46 G. 3. C. 84.]

An Addironal Duty of 10I per Cent shall.e paid on AiTcflV ments made

under 43 G. J. c 16f. and 45 G. j. c. I*

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury* and the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, in pursuance of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty.

[3d uly 1806.]

Recital of Letters Patent 24 Car. 2. granting Prisage and Butlerage of Wines to Lord George Fitz Roy, and the Heirs Male of his Body, with Limitation (on Failure of such Issue) to Charles Fi« Roy Earl of Southampton, and then to Henry Fitz Roy Earl of Euston % and afterwards Duke of Grafton (all natural Son of K. C. 2 by Lady Barbara Dutchess of Cleveland5) Detcent of the Title to said Prisage and Butlerage to Augustus Henry Fitz Roy the present Duke of Grafton; Thirteenth Report of Commissioners of Publick 44 Accounts 1785, and Fourth Report of Select Committee of Finance 1797> recommending that the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines should be re-vested in the Crown; Act 43 G. 3. (\ 1565 Contract under said recited Act by Indenture dated March 26, 18 6, between the Treasury and the Duke of Grafton for the Purchase of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wine granted by the recited Letters Patent, in Consideration of an Annuity of 6, 8701. being the average Amount (on the last 12 Years of the Composition of 5s. per Tun taken in licit of the said Duty The said Contract confirmed, and the said Annuity of 6, 87c!. charged on the ConsolidateA 44 Fund of Great Britain, payable Quarterly from 5th July 8o6 to the said Duke of Grafton, and the Heirs Male of the Body of his Great Grandfather Henry Duke of Grafton; and m Default of such Heirs Male, the said Annuity to revert to His Majesty. § r — Treasury shall uiredl the Auditor of the Exchequer to pass Debentures for Payment of the Annuity §2. — Warrant for Payment of Annuity shall not be revocable. §3. 44 Treasury and all Officers of the Exchequer required to do every Thing, without Fee, necessary to render the Payments effectual. §4. — Acquittances of the Duke of Graftony &c. shall be a sufficient Discharge for Payment of the Annuity, &c. §5. — In case the Duke of Grafton shall be deurous, after the Year 18 4, that the Annuity shall be funded by the Treasury, the same shall be funded in the.per Cent. Consols, in the Name* of Trustee8. $ 6 — Provision in case the Duke of Grafton shall be desirous of having a Part of the Annuity, not. 44 exceeding One-third funded, before the Expiration of Ma. } 7.--Treasury may at any Time fund the said Annuity, or any Part thereof. $ 8. — When the said Annuity is so funded, the Charge on tire Consolidated Fund shall cease. $9.

76a C. 80.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Powers given to 'Commissioners 41 G. 3.

<G. B)r. iim shall cease and determine.

3- c. 31.

His Majesty may appoint Five Cara-missioners for cnquiiing into 'the Abuses and examining the Accounts of, Persons concerneri in supplyi g Pro-wifions, or in the Expenditure «f the Hublirk Money in the 'WlA Indies and -on the Continent of South America, during the 3>rcfentWar, &c.

Treasury may oppoint Officers and Clerks to Commissioners, and allow them Salaries, itc. Salaries shall be

Said out of iritiih ConP>-lidared Fund to the Com-roiffioneu*

Commissioners appointed under this Act shall have the same Powers and be subject to the (; »mc Regulations as Commissionus f»r auditing Huh.ick Ac* bourns.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to provide For the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the Publick Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein.

[3d July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to authorise His Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Publick t Expenditure for His Majesty's Fortes in the West Indies, during the present War, divers Provisions were made for the more speedy and effectual Examination of the said Accounts during the then existing War: And whereas it was by the said Act provided, amongst other Things, that nothing therein contained should prevent^the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts, appointed under an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth t Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounte> 4 of this Kingdom, from inve(ligating or passing or making up any of the said Accounts of Expenditure in the A West Indies, but that on the contrary, the Commissioners to be appointed under the said first mentioned Act should aft in Aid only of the said Commissioners for auditing' Publick Accounts: And whereas it is

expedient that feme further and more effectual Provision should be made for the more speedy and effectual*Examination of the said Accounts of Expenditure in the Weji Inches, and also for discovering and preventing '* Abuses in the several Departments concerned therein be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the several Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, given to or vested in the Commissioners appointed under the same Act, shall cease, determine, and be no longer executed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to appoint Five Commissioners under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for enquiring into all Frauds and Abuses that have been at any Time since the First Day of January One thousand fevett hundred and ninety-three, or that may hereafter during the Continuance of the present War, and until the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with all the Powers with whom His Majesty is at present at War, or may hereafter be engaged in War during the Continuance of the present War with France, be committed by any Persons whatever copcemed in the Management or Custody of the Publick Stores or Provisions, or in supplying or furnishing, advancing, applying, or expending any Money, Sills, Provisions, Stores, or other Articles, for the Publick Service, or in negociatingJBills, or in contrafting for the Hire, or in hiring or letting of any Vessels for the said Service, or in any other Way whatever concerned in the Expenditure of Publick Money in any of the islands in the West Indies or on the Continent of South America, and for examining the Publick Accounts of all Commissaries, Deputy Commissaries, Deputy Paymasters, and all other Officers and Servants in the Military and Civil Branches of the Army, or of the Ordnance or Engineer Departments, and of all other Persons whatever, who have been or shall or may be concerned in the Expenditure of the PubKck Monies, or in supplying or furnishing, advancing, applying, or expending, any Money, Bills, Provisions, Stores, or other Articles for the Publick Service, or in negociating Bills, or in the contrafting for the Hire, or in hiring or letting of Vessels for the said Service, or who have had or shall or may have the Management or Custody, Receipt or Issue, of any Part of the Publick Stores or Provisions in any of the islands in the West Indies or on the Continent of South America, from the said First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months from the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, or any Three-or more of them, may appoint such Secretary or Secretaries, Officers and Clerks, and other Persons, to aid and alfift such Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid under this Act, as may from Time to Time be necessary, and may allow them such Salaries as shall be proper, and also reasonable Sums for incidental Charges, the same to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and to be issued clear of all Deductions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid, from and out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to such One of the said Commissioners who shall be first named in the said Commission, an annual Salary not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, and to each of the other Commissioners, an annual Salary not exceeding One thousand Pounds; and that when any of the said Commissioners shall be sent out to the West Indies or to the Continent of South America, in Manner herein after mentioned, such additional Salary may be allowed and paid out of the said Fund to such Commissioner or Commissioners so to be sent out, as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, may think fit, so as that the additional Salary payable to every such Commissioner so feat out, shall not exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, or any Two or more of them, shall be and they are hereby invested with such and the same Powers and Authorities, and shall perform the same Duties (except as herein after excepted), and be liable to the same Controul, Regulations, and Directions, in every Respect, in relation to the Examination of all Accounts hereby directed to be examined by them, and shall have the same Power of examining upon Oath, or otherwise, any Person or Persons touching the Receipt and Expenditure of Money forming the Charge and Discharge of any such Account, and touching all other Matters and Things necessary for die due Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, as the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty. for auditing the Publick Accounts, are now* under the said last mentioned

A*D % 1806. 4^° GEORGII III. G* 80^ 761

last mentioned Act, or by any othet Law or any Usage or Custom invested with, or are subject and liable to* in relation to the Examination of any of the Publick Accounts of Great Britain; and the Examination of any such Accounts as are herein-before directed to be examined by the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act or any Two or more of them, and all Matters and Thing's ordered, directed, or done by them in relation thereto, or to any Accountants, Sub-Accountants, or other Person or Persons concerned therein* or examined touching the fame, in pursuance of this Act, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Accounts had been examined, and the said Acts, Matters, and Things, done by the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid.

VI. And, to the Intent that the Objects of this Act may be more speedily and effectually carried into Commissioneri, Execution j be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent and with Content of Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from £^0°* Time to Time to fcleft.and authorize Two or more of their Number, to proceed to the West Indies or to the t^r Continent of South America, there to enquire into the Frauds and Abuses, and to examine into the Accounts to go to the and Expenditure, and other Matters and Things herein-before mentioned; and such Commissioners, so selected West Indies or and authorized, shall have full Power and Authority to execute, either separately or conjointly with the Amciiea, who Persons herein after named, or any of them, all the Powers, Authorities, and Duties herein-before specified,

with respect to the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, except as herein after excepted: Provided powers the always, that notwithstanding any such Selection, and Abfeftce from England in conference thereof, of any orher Corn-One or more Commissioner or Commissioners, the remaining Commissioner or Commissioners shall and may missioners. proceed in the Execution of this Act as if such Selection had not been made. 7

VII. Provided always, and be it.enabled, That the Governor and Lieutenant Governor, or Person acting Governors and

at Governor, of each and every of His Majesty's Colonies and Settlements in the West Indies or South America, ot^, er Officers and the Commander in Chief, or Commanding Officer for the Time being, in each of the said Colonies and ^'^h^the* Settlements respectively, present in any such Colony or Settlement, shall have Power to act with and assist the Com-

Commissioners lo selected and authorized in the Execution of their Office, and of the Powers and Authorities missioners in by this Act given, in the several Colonies or Settlements respectively, as fully as if they had bean by Name the Colonies, included in the original Commission to be issued by virtue of this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein Scjc^e(j c*>m-contained shall extend to authorize such Commissioners, so selected and authorized, or the Persons so assisting miflh»ner* (h .11 and acting with them in the Execution of their said Duties to grant any such Certificate of Allowance as it not gmu herein mentioned) but such selected and authorized Commissioners and Persons as last aforesaid, shall, and they Ccitisure* of tre hereby required, to report and transmit a correct and accurate Statement, under their Hands and Seals, , w, a'Cv\ bjt of such preparatory Inquiries, Investigations, and Examinations, as shall be had by them, together with the,*, , jt J Evidence relating thereto, to the Board of Commissioners in England, acting by virtue of this Act, who are Statements of hereby authorized and empowered to examine, and allow the Accounts of Expenditure to which the same Eliminations r<j shall relate, and to grant a Certificate thereof in the Manner herein provided; and such Examination and Commissioners Allowance, or the Certificate thereof, being produced to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Aceouats,

shall be as valid and effectual to enable tile final Auditg Statement, and Declaration of the said Accounts, a» '

if such preparatory Inquiries, Inve(ligations, and Examinations, and the Evidence relating thereto, had beeifc actually made and taken by the said Board granting such Certificate of Allowance.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, Treasury m*y

or any Three or more of them, by their Warrant, to appoint and authorize the Secretary, attending such »ulhon2c lhc Commissioners so to be selected as aforesaid, in the Event of the Death or Resignation of One of the said thfs^etfed selected Commissioners, to act in the room of the Person so deceased or resigning, until His Majesty's further Commissioners Pleasure shall be signified thereupon; and such Secretary, so authorized, fhafi have full Power and Authority to aA in tl>e to act in such Case as One of the said Commissioners so selected, in the same Manner, and with all the same Place ou# Powers and Authorities, as he might have done if his Name had been inserted in the original Commission, and dc5*afod 01 he had been One of the Commissioners selected as aforesaid. 1 , sn, 1g*

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of this present Act, the Commissioners to Comnvflimeis

be appointed in pursuance hereof, or any Two or more of them, and also the Commissioners to be selected a9 foall «tcer aforesaid, or any One of them, and any Person or Persons appointed under this Act, to act in the Place of any w.l, crc Cv>, )VC* such Selected Commissioners deceased or resigning, or to act with such Sekfted Commissioners, shall be, and for"

they are hereby, authorized to meet and fit from Time to Time, in such Place or Places within this Kingdom, i>erfom,

r in the West Indies or Continent of South America, as they shall find most convenient, with or without and Record*. Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, relating to any of the Matters to be enquired into, examined, and investigated as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, as shall be necessary for carrying into Execution all the Purposes of this Act; all which Persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be appointed by such Precept or Precepts, and to perform, fulfil, and obey all such Orders and Directions as the said Commissioners shall make and give in Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to them s Provided always, that the Execution of every such Precept issued in the West Indies or Continent of South America, shall be confined to the Island, Colony, oq Plantation, in which the lame shall be issued.

X. And, for the rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Act, be Commissionei* k enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, Selected Commissioners, and other Persons, emP°.vcrctl authorised to execute this Act, and they and each of them are and is hereby authorized and required, to

examine upon Oath, or Affirmation of Persons being Quakers (which Oath or Affirmation they, or any One*ef them, are and is hereby authorized t<* administer) ail Persons whom they (kali find Occasion to call before them to be examined, touching all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act.

46Gco.HL JE XL And

*j62 " C.

4b0 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Persons neglecting to attend or to produce Accounts, or refuting to be j'worn, or to answer Ques-tioni, may be committed, if in England: or io the West Indict, Sec. may l.e proceeded against by the Courts, See. there.

[* Query? in the Place and Stead of]

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned to appear under the Powers of this Act, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear in Obedience to such Summons or Precept, or to bring or produce any such Accounts, Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, as aforesaid, that shall be in his, her, or their Possession, Custody, or Power, and which he, she, or they shall have been required by such Summons or Precept to produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or, being Quakers, shall refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or being Quakers having affirmed, shall refuse to answer any lawful Question on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any of the Mattel's aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them in this Kingdom, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, for taking and apprehending any such Person or Persons, and committing him, her, or them, to such Prison as they mall think fit, there to remain without Bail or Mainpri/.c, until he, she, or they (halt submit to be examined touching and concerning all such Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, or to make such Pruduftions as aforesaid, as the Case may be; and if such Case shall happen in the West Indies or Continent of .outh America, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Selected Commissioners, or Persons appointed under this Act, to act [with] such Selected Commissioner deceased or resigning, or to act with such Selected Commissioners, or any Two of them, to make or cause to be made summary Application to any Court or Courts of Justice in any Island or Place in the West Indies or the Continent of Sorab America, if any such Court shall be then fitting,>r if no such Court shall be then fitting, then to the Chief Justice or other Judge of any such Court; and every such Court, or Chief Justice or Judge respectively, is hereby authorized and strictly required, on such Application so made as aforesaid, to iflfue such Special Process against the Person or Persons who shall have been guilty of such Default as aforesaid, as such Court, or Chief Justice or Judge, may deem -necessary, to compel the Appearance, before such Selected Commissioners, or Persons appointed under this Act to act in the Place and Stoad of any Selected Commissioners, or to act with such Selected Commissioners, as aforesaid, of emy such Person or Persons, or the Production of any such Accounts, Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, as aforesaid, or to compel such Person or Persons to be examined, and to answer any such Question in Manner aforesaid.

XII. And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for bringing Persons detained in Custody, und r Civil or Criminal Process. to be examined touching such Matters and Tilings as are necessary for the Execution of the Powers given by this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas respectively, or for any Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, at his Discretion, and also for any Judge of any Island, Colony, or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, to award a Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing any Prisoner or Prisoners detained in any Gaol or Prison in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or in any of the said Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, within the Jurisdiction of such Judge, as the Case may be, before the Commissioners to be appointed or selected in pursuance hereof, or any Two of them, in this Kingdom, or any One of them in the said West Indies or South America, to be examined touching the Matters and Things aforesaid, so always that such Writs shall be issued and executed only within the Jurisdiction of the Court whereof the Person iiTuiugtlie same shall be a Judge or a Baron.

under ins aci

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, so to be appointed, shall in no shall not proteed Case Proceed to the final Audit, Statement, or Declaration of any Account whatever, but that such 10 final Settle- Commissioners shall and may proceed to the Investigation of all Articles forming the Charge and Discharge of any such Account, so examined by them; and that in such Cases, where they shall find any such Articles of Charge and Discharge to have been properly authorized, and duly and regularly charged, incurred, and vouched, they shall and may grant to the Accountant a Certificate of Allowance for the fame, which Certificate or Certificates, together with the Receipts, Vouchers, or other proper Proof of actual Expenditure, may be

A Wrir of Habeas Corpus ntay be awarded

for bringing Persons in Custody ro be taamined.

Commissioners under tHs Art

xnent of any Account, but shill investigute the Charge and Discharge, and

grant Certificates produced by such Accountant to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and may by them, if

they think fit, be allowed as sufficient Vouchers for such Articles of Charge and Discharge in the Account of such Accountant, or be further examined into, as the Case may appear to them to require: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from directing and authorizing the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts to make, or the said Commissioners from making, any Allowances to the said Accountants, or any of them, by Warrant under the Hand of the said Lord High Treasurer or the Hands of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Accountants, Sub-Accountants, and other Persons, concerned in any Accounts, or in any Proceedings whatever, that shall be enquired into or examined under this Act shall

extended against and they are hereby required to demean themselves in such Manner in all Respects, and to do all such Matters Accountants, and Things as by the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid is directed and required in the Case of Persons examined before the Commissioners appointed under that Act, and shall be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, for any Breach, Non-performance, Failure, or Neglect thereof, as by virtue of the said bft-mentioned Act they would have been subject and liable to, io case such Accounts had been under the Examination of the Commissioners appointed under the said last mentioned Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That In case any Person or Persons, in the Course of their Examination

upon Oath, or, being Quakers, upon Affirmation, before any such Commissioners appointed under this Act, or

f*tafing any Two of them as aforesaid, in Great Britain, or before any such Selected Commissioners, or either of them, or 1 T* any Person or Persons appointed under this Act, to act in the Place of any such Selected Commissioner deceased

or resigning, or to act with such Selected Commissioners as aforesaid, in the West Indies or on the Continent of South America^ shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons shall be and is and are hereby

of Allowance, which, with the Vouchers being produced, jnay be allowed by Commissioners for tfuditing Accounts, See. Powers of5 G. 3. c. 52

Sec, under this Art.

Penalties of Perju-y, on

A.D. 1806.6° GEORGII III. C. 8o, 8r. 763

hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by apy Law now in being, PeiTons convicted \ of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to in England: Provided always, that if any such Offence, Offeree» com-arising out of Proceedings under this Act, shall be committed in the West Indies* or on the Continent of South* 11 c,

America* it shall and may be enquired of, tried, and determined, either in the Place where the same shall be committed, or in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England* upon an Information to be exhibited by beTr^cTwheic His Majesty's Attorney General, or an Indictment found, in which Information or Indictment the Offence may committed; or^be laid ana charged to have been committed in the County of Middlesex; and in case of such Prosecution in in any C un*y*England, the several Powers mentioned and contained in a certain Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, an Act for the trying and punching* in Great Britain % Persons holding pQ^n publick Employments, for Offences committed Abroid; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the q. c. S5. Twenty firjfl Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices, and others* in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons either in or out of this Kingdom authorized to commit to safe Custody, relating to the issuing and executing Writs of Mandamus 5 and the taking, returning, delivering, receiving, and preferring Examinations in pursuance thereof, and the allowing and reading fu n Examinations in Evidence, and the taking Copies thereof, and also relating to the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories, shall and may be exercised and put in use in the same Manner as in Cases of Prosecution instituted under the Authority of the said last mentioned Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, 'and the Commissionera

Persons so assisting them, or so acting in the Place of a Commissioner dead, or religning, as aforesaid, shall, bc fworw*

before they shall enter upon the Execution of the Power vested in them by this Act, take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer in Great Britain, or before the Governor or Commander in Chief, or any Judge

of any of His Majesty's Courts in the West Indies or in South America* which the said Chancellor of the Exchequer, Governor, Commander in Chief, or Judge, is hereby severally authorized and required to adrainifter; the Tenor whereof shall be a3 followeth 5 (that is to lay),

I A.B. do swear. That, according to the befl of my Skill and Knowledge, 1 will faithfully, impartially, and Oath.

truly execute the several Powers and Trusts veiled in me by virtue of an Act, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act.]9

And the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall, and are hereby authorized to administer to every of Officer! an<t the Officers and Clerks who shall be appointed to act under them, as before directed, and such Officers and Clerki shall be Clerks are reauired, before they enter upon the Execution of their Duties under this Act, to take the fwura* following Oath:

I A.B. do swear. That, according to the befl of my Abilities, I will faithfully execute the Duties of my Oath.

Office, and be obedient to the Orders I may receive from my lawful Superiors.'

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Commissioners, to be appointed Voucher* fnr under this Act, and any Person appointed to aflill such Commissioners as aforesaid in their Examination of, *804 any Accounts, for any Periods preceding the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and may (*' receded four, to admit and allow of Receipts and Vouchers for any Monies so expressed therein to have been paid undamped, within this Kingdom, although such Receipts or Vouchers shall not have been stamped according to Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That no Commissioner to be appointed by virtue of this Commissioners Act, who shall receive any Salary for the Execution of his Duty as such Commissioner, shall, during his Salarici* noe Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons. eligible \o At

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action shall bc brought against any of the in Parliament, said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or* Limitation of committed under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action shall be brought within Six Action* again* Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing 5 or if such Matter or Thing 5^"^ shall be done in the West Indies or Continent of South America* then within Six Calendar Months after the

[General Issue.]

Return or coming to England* of the Party or Parties complaining and complained against: Provided also,

that if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted agaitift any Person or Persons for any

Matter or Thing done under or by vir.ue or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons may plead (

the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence 5 and if the Plaintiff shall become

nonsuited, or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Prosecution, or if Judgement shall be given for the

Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which he, she, or jrtbfe Colls.

they, shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law arc given to Dcfcr.dants.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for better encouraging the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain.

[12th July i8o<5.^j

WHEREAS it would greatly contribute to protccl and encourage the Mannfacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain if the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Thread Lace were repealed,

and other Duties imposed in lieu thereof: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousand j)uf; r|of eight hundred and six, the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Thread Lace by an Act passed in Customi on the Forty-third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Import a* <00 of Britain, and to grant other Dufies in lieu thereof* or by any other Act or Acts passed subsequent thereto, shall Thread Ljc*

5 E a ccafe

7C4.

under 43 G 3. c. A*. See. Audi ce; if\* and determine.

New Duties.

Said Duties shall l»e liihle ro*'dit oinl Duties granred by

43 G. 3. c. 70.

44 G. 3. c. 53.

45 G 3 <*9*

46 G. 3. c. 42.

Foreign Thread Lire th; ill (ealcdj Sce.

and (kail pot be

imported in Paiccls of efs thin 1 z Ya'di, iinUfs vorth 2). per Yard, See, Penalty,

Forh lure.

Two Just lee* may grant Search Warrant* on O <th that there is Reason r0» the

Conceal mart of Foreign Lace which has not paid Duty under this* Alt.

Foreign Thread Lace not sealed, See. may be feist d and forfeited. Penalti< % First Offence 5«l. <r Fouhic the Value of the

Lace, die.

C. 8r. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

ccafe and determine, faveand except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears-thereof, which may on the said Fifth Day of August remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeiture* relating thereto; and from and after the said Fifth Day of Avgufi in lieu and mstead of the Duties of Customs hereby made to ccafc and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture imported and brought into Great Britain, the Duties of Customs following; that is to say, 011 all such Thread aee not exceeding Five Shillings per Yard in Value, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Yard; on all such Thread Lace of Five Shillings per Yard in Value, and under Ten Shillings per Yard, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Yard; on all such Thread Lace of Ten Shillings per Yard in Vatu*, and under Fifteen Shillings per Yard, the Sum of Three Shillings per Yard; on all iueh Thread Lace of Fifteen Shillings per Yard in Value, and under Twenty Shillingsprr Yard, the Sum of Four Shillings per Yard; on allfudi Thread Lace of Twenty Shillings per Yard in Value, and under Twenty.five Shillings ber Yard, the Sum of Five Shillings per Yard; on all such Thread Lace of Twenty-five Shillings ber Yard in Value and upwards, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds for everj One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof: Provided always, that the Duties on Thread Lace above imposed shall be subject and liable to the several additional Duties on the Amount thereof granted by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain by another Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, into Great Britain, and cm Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain; by another Act, made in the Forty*fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Ditties within Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise imported into, or brought or carried coastwise; and by another Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Dutis on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, imported into and exported from, of brought or carried coqfiwife within Great Britain.

#< Duties shall be levied and applied as former Duties. §2.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture shall, after the same hath been entered at the Custom House, and before it shall be discharged by the Officers and delivered into the Custody of the Importer or his Agent, be marked or sealed at one End of every Piece, with such Mark or Seal, and by such Officer as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct and appoint for that Purpose 5 and such Officer shall in his own HandWriting, together with such Mark or Seal, also signify what is the Number of Yards in such Piece, and the Rate of the Duty of Customs paid thereon: Provided always, that no such Thread Lace shall be so marked or sealed, nor shall be imported in a Packet or Parcel containing a less Quantity than. Twelve Yards, unless the same shall be of the Value of Two Pounds per Yard or upwards, and unless such as shall be brought into Great Britain by any Person for his or her own private Use, and not for the Use of any other FerfoB, nor to be sold as Merchandize; and if any One or more Pieces of 'J hread Lace shall be joined or pieced* the Whole of the Lace so joined or pieced shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs.

u Lace imported before the passing of this Act, though in Parcels of less Quantity, &c. shall not be forfeited. u 4 4. — Foreign Thread Lace in Possession of Dealers on $th Avgujl 1806, and having paid the Duty, may u have the Mark required by this Act, &c. within One Month after the passing of this Act. §5. — Further u Time may be granted by the Privy Council for marking such Lace. §6 — Payment of Duty may be marked on such Lace. §7. — Foreign Thread Lace, in Possession of Dealers at the passing of this Act, if taken ta t€ the Custom House within Fourteen Days, may be properly marked. §8.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Oath being made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, (he* or they, has or have Reason to suspect or believe that any Foreign Thread Lace, for which any Duty by this Act imposed in respect thereof ought to have been paid, is or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Lace Dealer, Draper, Haberdasher, Shopkeeper, or other Person or Persons for Sale, without having thereupon such Mark or Stamp as is by this Act required, it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace from Time to Time, to issue their Warrants or Orders, thereby authorizing and requiring any Officer or Officers of Customs, or any Constable or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day Time to search for the fame, and to open Doors, Trunks, Chests, Boxes, and Packages, and to seize such Lace, with the Packages containing the fame, and to carry away the fame; and all such Foreign Thread Lace so found shall be forfeited* and the Party or Parties in whole Possession or Custody the same shall be found shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, all such Thread Lace which shall be found in any Shop or Warehouse, or other Place whatever, upon Land within Great Britain, not being marked or sealed, or having the Hand Writing as aforesaid, upon one End of every whole and entire Piece, or upon one End of every Remnant of such Thread Lace, which Remnant shall exceed Twelve Inches in Length, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs; and the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or who shall be possessed thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if the Value of the Thread Lace so found unmarked or unsealed*

or

A.D. 1806.

C. 8 r

76S

46° GEORGII III.

or without the Hand Writing as aforesaid, shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, then the said Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay double the Value of the Lace so found unmarked or unsealed, or without the Hand Writing as aforesaid; and upon every Second Conviction before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the like Offence, the Person convicted shall forfeit and pay Double the Sum forfeited and paid on the first Conviction; and for every Third Conviction, Treble; one Moiety of the said Penalties to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue and prosecute for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any ren3, 7 nn. Mark or Seal to resemble any Mark or Seal which shall be-provided and used for the above Purpose, or shall a

forge or counterfeit the Impression of any such Mark or Seal, and shall thereof be' convicted in due Form of Law, without (>rgv; shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or orwilfu iy fcllii g Persons shall fell.or expose to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any such Thread Lace, Lice with a with a counterfeit Mark, Seal, or Hand Writing, knowing the same to he counterfeited, or shall use or affix Cju-tcrfcitScal, any such Mark, Seal, or Hand Writing, to any other Piece or Remnant of Lace, other than that to which the I0C*fame was originally affixed, all and every such Offender and Offenders, and his, her, and their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, one Moiety to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers of the Custonu, or other Person, who shall sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Doubt or Question shall ari(V£ whether any Thread Lace is of Pr°A/dLace Foreign Manufacture, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Person or Persons in whose Possession any such Thread 5£jj|

Lace shall be found, and not on the Prosecutor, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. p.irty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Value of all Thread Lace, of Foreign Manufacture, shall be Value of Thread ascertained on the Importation thereof, according to the Rule, Manner, and Form, directed by an ACtpaffed Lace shall be

in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Ciiflotns payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and in case such Thread Lace shall not have been under 43 G.*3" valued by the Importer according to its true and real Value, it shall be proceeded against and dealt with as c 68. §12. and directed in and by the said Act: Provided always, that such Thread Lace when fold shall be sold only for if forfeited it Exportation, and the same shall not be worn or used in this Kingdom, but shall be forfeited, and shall and mayha!l be sold only be seized by any Officer of the Customs. fa txpoiuu*.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture shall be imported or brought. Foreign Thread by Way of Merchandize to be sold, into any Port or Place in Great Britain, but only into the Port of London. I.ace shall be

imported into (be Port of London only.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred Stamp Duties or*

and fix, every Dealer or Dealers in Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture, shall annually take out a Licence for ai, nU41 L'ctnces^ that Purpose, upon which there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Pounds Three Shillings; and every L*CC

Dealer or Dealers in Thread Lace of British Manufacture, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose, Foreign Lace; upon which there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings: Provided always, that if any Dealer or 5s. forBiitifl* Dealers in Thread Lace shall keep more than one House, Shop, Warehouse, or Place, where he* (he, or they Lace, expose Thread Lace to Sale, every such Dealer shall take out a distinct Licence in respect of every such House,

Shop, Warehouse, or Place.

Said Stamp Duties shall be under the Management of Commissioners of Stamps. §16.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Com- Licences shall missioners appointed for managing the Duties anting by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or for any granted by Person duly authorized by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to grant such Licences as aforesaid 5 Sta'*£ and every such Licence issued between the First Day of August and the First Day of September in any Year, shall cc bear Date on the Second Day of ttgujl 5 and every such Licence issued at any other Time shall bear Date the August Yvaily* Day on which the same shall be issued; and every such Licence shall continue in Force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Fir it Day of August then next following.

Produce of Stamp Duty shall be carried to Consolidated Fund.

XIX. And be it further enaCleu, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit. Penalty for or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Stamp which shall be provided, made, or used, ^'r8»n? Stamps, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or £c, onf without resembled, the Impression of any such Stamp, upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper, or other Material, or, the r*y' Impression of the Stamp upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, allowed to be issued, used, or applied, tinder

the Authority of this Act, thereby to defraud His Majesty, Hi* Heirs and Successors, of the Duties by this Act charged orimposedon such Licences, every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Formf Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred Penalty or*

and fix, no Person or Persons shall sell or expose to Sale any Thread Lace of Foreign or British Manufacture, urf^hfed unitfs he, she, or they, shall respectively be licensed for that Purpose in Manner before-mentioned, upon Pain of £Jrfon* [eihn* forfeiting for every such Offence, if a Dealer in Foreign Lace, the Sum of Fifty Pounds: and if a Dealer in if rli

British Lace, the Sum of Five Pounds. if J.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person or, 'Persons vending or exposing to Sale any Thread Dealers shall Dace of Foreign or British Manufacture, and who shall have taken o it a Licence respectively as herein-before paint certain directed, shall cause the Words, u Dealer in Foreign Lace, " or w Dealer in British Lace, " as the Case may Word* ov«r

( be Doors &c.

A.D. 1806.

766

P« n luei, 50', or $1.

CimroifTioners ©» the Culumi

i»>ay alter Seals, &c.

R emery an; ! Application of Penalties abovefol iii Courts t R t cot (I.

Pemlty on W itnc (res neglecting to aUcud 50l. ai d Two Months Iroprifunmcur.

Penalties not exceeding 50l. recoverable before Two Justices.

Leviable by Duirels, Icc.

Apprrhcnfioo of f*arty.

Perform shall rot be con.muf«<1 1 mger th.4n Three Months, Appeal to (^u.iiui Sessions.

C. 8r. 46° GEORGII III.

be, to be painted or written in large or legible Characters, either over the Door, or in some visible Place bn the Front of his, her, or their House, Shop, or Warehoflfe, being the Place where he, she, or they, keep such Thread Lace for Sale; and if any such Dealer shall be a licensed Hawker and Pedlar, then he, she, or they, shall have such Words painted or written on the Cart or Boxes used for the Conveyance or Sale of such Lace; and if any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid, shall sell or expose to Sale any such Thread Lace, without having painted or written such Words respectively, as the Case may be, every rerson so offending shall, if a Dealer in Foreign Lace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if a Dealer in British Lace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any new Regulation shall be made by any Act of Parliament respecting Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause an Alteration to be made in thq Mark or Seal herein-before directed to be affixed to Thread Lace of Foreign Manufacture, when entered at the Custom House; and every Dealer in Lace who shall, at the Expiration of One Calendar Month after such Alteration, sell or expose to Sale, or have in his or her Possession any Thread Lace having thereon the old Mark or Seal, such Thread Lace shall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of the Custoras, or by any Constable or other Peace Officer, by any Order under the Hand of One or more of His Majesty's Justices in and for the County, Riding, City, or Place, where the lame shall be found 5 and the Person or Persons so felling or rxpofing the same to Sale, shall be liable to the same Penalty as if such Thread Lace had not been marked or foiled as herein-before required: Provided always, that if any such Dealer shall, within One Calendar Month after such Alteration shall have been made, bring to the Custom House any such Thread Lace, having thereon 'the old Mark or Seal, such Thread Lace shall without any Fee or Reward be marked or sealed with the new Mark or Seal.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, of a greater Sum than Fifty Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or lue for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnessci to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Complaint or Prosecution shall have been made or shall be depending, or appearing, shall neglect or refuse to give Evidence touching the Matter in Question, that then every such rerson or Persons so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid in such Manner, and by such Means as are herein directed as to other Penalties under Fifty Pounds, and mall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor lefa than One Month.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed doth not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before Two of His MajestyV Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of Oner or more^redible Wkne& or Witnesses; and One Moiety of every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to His Majesty, His Hews and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the fame; and in case of Nonpayment, the said Justice by Warrant under Iris Hand and Seal shall cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and the Expence of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner, and shall also commit the Offender to the Prison of such County, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties, and the reasonable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be paid or satisfied by such Offender; and it (ha 1 he lawful for any such Justice of the Peace by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be apprehended and brought before him to* nrffwer (o any Charge or Complaint for any such Penalty, and to commit such Offender to Prison as aforesaid, mtil the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint, unless he or flic (liaTl and do enter into a Recognizance before such Justice with Two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Sinn to be ordered ly such Justice, to appear at the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person committed to any Gaol or House of Cwrrcftion for any Offence committed ngaiiift this Act, shall be detained in such Gaol or House of Correction for any longer Space of Time than Three Months.

XXV*II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggr eyed by the Judgement of any such Justices, then he, she, or they shall or may upon entering into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties to he approved by such Justice, to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which in the Judgement of such Justices shall be adequate to the Amount of the Costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs as shall be adjudged in Case such Judgement shall he affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sefikms for ti e County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and e amine. Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame, or at their Discretion to state the Fasts

specially

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 8r, 82. 767

specially for the Determination of His Majesty's Court of King* Bench thereon; and in case the Judgement of such Justices shall be affirmed, it shall he lawful for such Justices, or the Court of King's Bench, to award the Person or Persons to pay* such Grits, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following, mutatis rm mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, Cowu«ion* without Hating the Evidence and without alledging more than the Substance of the Offence, in all Cases wherein any Justice of the Peace hath Power to convict by virtue of the present Act:

4 13 E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of Lord

at in the County of A.B. came before us C.D. and L K. Two of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence herein after«mentioned was committed, and informed us that E. F of in the said County of

[here set so th the FaS for which the Information is laid s; whereupon the said E. F being duly summoned to answerthe said Charge, appeared before us, and, having heard the Charge contained in the said Information,

acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the Fasts therein stated to be true 5 but in his [or, her] Defence alledged [here Jetting forth the Subjlance of the Defence] or, voluntarily confessed the said Charge to be true*.

4 or, did not make any Defence ajpunft the said Charge, whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of 4 G. H.a credible Witness; or, said that he [or, (he] was not guilty of the said Offence, whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of G./f. a credible Witness, [or, as the Case shall be]; or, did not appear before us pursuant to the said Summons, but the said Charge was fully proved on the Oath of G, H. a creaible Witness for, as the Case shall be]; and therefore it manifestly appearing to us, that the said E. F is guilty*of the Offence charged in the said Information, we da hereby convict him [or, ' her] of the said Offence, and'

4 do adjudge that he lor, fhej hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain

4 to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in such Case made and provided.

Given under our Hands and Seals the Day of x

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction upon this Act shall be removed or removable by Writ NuCcrttoraru of Certiorari, or otherwise, into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any other Court} save upon an Appeal as by this A A is directed. Y

w General Issue, Treble Costs. §30,

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London\ and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS various Offibers and other Persons in the Service of His Majesty's Customs, in the Port of '*. London, employed in the Examination and Delivery of Goods and Merchandize imported, exported,

4 or brought or carried Coast wife into or from the said Port} have long been in the Practice of receiving Fees ' and Gratuities for their Trouble in the Execution of their official Duties: And whereas great Inconvenience

arises therefrom, and also from the Number of Holidays kept at the Custom House in the said Port, for

which Remedies should be provided be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand No Fee or eight hundred and six, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort or ?*a, l

Description whatever, shall be required, taken, or received by any Officer, Clerk, or other Person, executing or ofrlctr^specified performing, or assisting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting in any of the Offices or fa Table \ A.) Employments in or bdonging to His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, enumerated or described in the employed in the Table to this Act annexed, marked A.) for any Service Act, Duty, Matter, or Thing, done or performed, Custom*l, c -or to be done or performed, by any or cithei of such Officer or Officers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or i>ort °*-ortdon' Persons, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, except as herein after is provided; and officer* shall all such Officers, Clerks, and other Persons respectively shall, from the said Tenth Day of October, receive such receive yearly annual Salaries, or other Allowances, as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, Salaries, to be or any Three or more of them, shall deem to be reasonable, for the Labour and Trouble of executing the Duties b>' lhc

of such respective Offices or Employments; and if any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person shall, at any Time. /ej urjr' after the said Tenth Day of Qilober, require, take, or receive any Fee, Perquifrte, Gratuity, or Reward, whether to^in

pecuniary or of any other Sort or Description whatever, except as herein after is provided, either directly or pce^&r!* indirectly, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, or for any Service, Act, Duty, Dismissal. Matter, or Thing, done or performed, or to be done or performed therein, although the same shall be freely.

offered or given, every such Officer, Clerk, or other Person so offending shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, be for the First Offence peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable of ever again holding or executing, or acting in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise. p

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con- t^Shareiof* Anted to extend, to prevent any Officer or other Person holding or exercising, or acting in or performing the Srisures, Pe-Duties of any of the said Offices or Employments, from receiving such Reward or Satisfaction, for or on account naitici, and of any Detention Seizure or Forfeiture of any Goods Wares or Merchandize, or any Penalty, or Share of c#mP Penalty, or Composition, which, under any Law now in force, or hereafter to be passed in relation to the from*

Duties lhc Crown, to such Officen.

Ticifury may mike Com* pcnfarion to Officers who futfer l»y Abortion of Fee*.

C. 8a.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

landing Waiters dull m ike i.ui and deliver to Merchants Account of West India Goods im-jported, without

Officers specified in Table (A.JT shall take the Oath here mentioned, indead of the

Oath under 6, 7 Gu«. 3.

1. §5.

Ko Holidays Aiall lie otferved except Sundays, Christmas Day, Good Friday, Public Falls, &c Kelt ora lion of King Charles 2; Birth Days of King, Queen, and Prmce of Wales.

A£i shall net after Attendance »of Officers at the several Docks, Sec.

Officers of the Customs in the Pint of London shall attend at the Hours and Times specified an Table (B.)

Duties of Customs, he is or may be legally entitled to $ or to prevent any such Officer, Clerk, of Person, from receiving any Allowance, Gratuity, or Reward, which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs iu England, or any Four or more of them, may think fit to direct.

III. And, in order that proper Compensation maybe made to any Officer, Clerk, or other Person, who may sustain Loss by the Abolition ot Fees directed by this Act, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, in Cases where, on due Examination and Enquiry, it shall be made appear to them that the Salaries or Allowances hereby directed to be paid to Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, as a Reward for their Labour in future, in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices or Employments, may not amount to so much as it might be just and reasonable to allow to the present Possessors of such Offices or Employments, by way of Compensation for the Loss of Fees formerly received by them respectively, "to order such further Allowance as the said Lord Commissioners shall deem just and reasonable to be paid to any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person; such further Allowance to commence from and after the said Tenth Day of October, and to continue only during the Time any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person, shall hold any such Office br Employment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Tenth Day of October, every Landing Waiter, or other proper Officer of the Customs employed in the Examination of Goods imported into the Port of London, is hereby required to make out and deliver, without Delay, to the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth or Produce of the West Indies, imported into the said Port, a correct Account, extracted from the official Books, of the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Contents of all such Goods' or Merchandize, in the Manner heretofore practised, in case h? shall be called upon so to do, and without requiring, taking, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or otherwise, for the fame, on pain of Dismission, as by this Act is directed in other Cases respecting Fees.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, after the said Tenth Day of October, be appointed to any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in the Table to this Act annexed, marked ( A.) shall, at their respective Admissions thereto, instead of the Oath prescribed by an Act, passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, take the following Oath; that is to say,

Sort or Description whatever, either directly or indirectly, for any Service, Act, Duty, Matter, or Thing

done or performed, or to be done or performed in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties of my-

Office or Employment, on any account whatever, other than by Salary, and what is or shall be allowed me by

Law. .* So help me GOD.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Holidays whatever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the Custom House in the Port of London, or by any Officer, Clerk, or other Person belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in the said Port, except Christmat Day and Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Restoration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birth Days of their Majesties, and of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales; but that all Business of the Custom House, and relating to the Revenue of Customs within the said Port of London, shall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year, except on Sundays, and the Days before excepted; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to vary or alter any of the Days or Hours appointed, or to be appointed, for the Attendance of the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue at the West India Docks, London Docks, or East India Docks, in the Port of London 5 or to restrain or prevent the Commissioners of the Customs in England, from granting Leave of Absence for such reasonable Period, and in such Manner as they shall think fit, to any Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in England\

VIII. And whereas it is expedient for the Accommodation of Trade, and for the better Management of the Revenue of Customs, that the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, are required by Law to attend the Duties of their respective Offices and Employments, should be altered and regulated; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October, the several Officers and other Persons executing or performing, or assisting in the Execution or Performance of any of the Duties, or acting in any Office or Employment in or belonging to His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, shall, and they are hereby required, unless prevented by Sickness or other unavoidable Cause, which shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty, s Customs in England, duly and regularly, to attend at the respective Offices or Places where their Duty is or shall be directed to be executed and performed, during such Hours, and at such Times, as are particularly mentioned in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) on every Day in the Year, except on Sundays, and on the other Days before excepted in this Act; and that during the said Hours and Times there shall be no Iritermission or Cessation of Business on any Account or Pretence whatever \ any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary^ notwithstanding.

C. 8a.

A.D. 1809. 46° GEORGII III.

769

V

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, or in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) Commissioners shall extend, or be construed to exteaa, to prevent or hinder the Commissioners of the Custjms in England from of Cufl°ms directing and enforcing the Attendance of any Officer, Clerk, or other Person, employed in the Service of His rtendancTof Majesty's Customs in the Port of London^ at any Time and at any Place, when, on any particular Emergency, any officer*, the publick Service shall so require $ or from directing or enforcing the Attendance or any CUrk whatever, or whenever the of any Officer or other Person, so employed in the Service of the Customs receiving daily Pay, or of any Officer Public Service or other Person so employed on the Water Guard, at such Hours and Times as the said Commissioners ^all require, shall think fit and requisite, for the proper Discharge of the official Duties of any such Officer, Clerk, or

other Person.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be Office* may

construed to extend, to compel the personal Attendance of any rerfoa or Persons who are now authorized to continue to be execute the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments in the Service of the Customs in the Port of*crci, ed London, by sufficient Deputy or Deputies. Deputy.

" Act may be altered in this Session. f 11

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A LIST of Offices and Employments in His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons appointed to execute and discharge any of the Duties thereof respectively, or acting therein, are by the Ad to which this Table is annexed prohibited, on pain of Dismission, from requiring, taking, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, on any Account whatever.

INWARDS:

Landing Surveyors.

Deputy King's Waiters. 4

Acting King's Waiters.

Landing Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Landing Waiters.

Gaugers.

Measurers of Timber.

Jerquers.

Surveyor of the King's Warehouse.

Assistants to the Surveyor of the King's Warehouse.

Warehouse Keeper under the Collector Inwards.

Warehouse Keeper for the Crown. "

Officer for stamping Silk, Crape, Laces, See.

Surveyor of the East India Warehouses.

Assistant Surveyor of the East India Warehouses.

Inspector of the Delivery of all unrated East India Goods.

Assistants to the Inspector of the Delivery of all unrated East India Goods.

Jerquer of the Warehouse Keepers Books and Accounts of prohibited East India Goods*

Controller of the Lockers of the China Warehouse.

Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Controllers on Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Clerk of the Cheque.

Appointers of the Weighers.

Lockers of every Description, and Persons acting as Lockers.

Weighing Porters and Weighers of every Description, and Persons acting as Weighing Porters and Weigher*. Noon Tenders.

Supemfor of the Watchmen.

Assistant to the Supervisor of the Watchmen.

Watchmen of every Description, and Persons acting as Watchmen.

CooDers.

Husbands for taking up and receiving all Goods consigned from His Majesty's Plantations on account of the Four and a Half per Centum Duty.

Assistant to the Husband.

Controller on the Husband.

Surveyor for Buildings.

Inspector of burning damaged Tobacco, and Warehouse Keeper at the burning Kiln.

Waiter and Searcher at Black waQ.

OUTWARDS:

Chief Paent Searcher.

Under Patent Searcher.

Surveyors of the Searchers.

Searchers of every Description, and Persons acting as Searchers.

46 Geo. III. { f F COASTWISE.

c. 82. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

COASTWISE*

Surveyor of the Coast Waiters.

Coast-Waiters of every Description, and Persons afling as Coast-Waiters.

Supervisor of the Coal Meters.

Coal Meters.

WATER GUARD.

Inspectors of the River of every Description, and Persons acting as Inspectors of the Rively Tide Surveyors of every Description, and Persons acting as Tide Surveyors.

Register for the Tide-Waiters.

Superintendant of the Tide-Waiters employed as Piazza Men.

Tide-Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Tide-Waiters.

Register for the Watermen.

Watermen of every Description, and Persons acting as Watermen.

Surveyor for the building and repairing Sloop6 and Boats.

Assistant Surveyor for the building and repairing Sloops and Boats.

Surveyor for the Act of Navigation.

Gate Keepers and Messengers employed in any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or describe<f in this Table.

All Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in or about the West India or London Docks, or any of the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, Offices, or Places belonging thereto.

All Clerks and Persons of every Description, employed either constantly or occasionally in or about any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in this Table, or in any Way acting or affif&ng in the Execution or JJifcharge of any of the Duties or Business thereof.

See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the Hours and Times of Attendance to be observed by Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs, in the Port oi London.

The several Officers, Clerks, and other Persons, employed in the Execution or Discharge of the Duties of any of the Offices or Employments particularly enumerated or described in this Table, shall attend at their respective Offices or Places appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose, from the Tenth Day of November to the Ninth Day of May bothinclusive, in every Year, from the Hour of Nine in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and from the Tenth Day of May to the Ninth Day of November both inclusive in every Year, fron\ the Hour of Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; Sundays and iSrt §6.] the Days appointed to be kept as Holidays by the Act to which this Table is annexed, excepted; videlicet,

INWARDS.

Landing Surveyors.

Deputy Ki.ig's Waiters.^-

Acting King's Waiters.

Landing Waiters of every Description, and Persons idling as Landing Waiters.

Gaugers.

Surveyor of the King's Warehouse, his Assistants, and every Officer or other Person employed in or about the King's Warehouse.

Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Controllers on Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Surveyor of the East India Warehouses, inspector of the Delivery of all unrated East India Goods, and all other Officers and Persons employed in or about any of the Warehouses wherein East India Goods are or may be deposited and secured.

Husband for taking up and receiving all Goods consigned from His Majesty's Plantations on Account of the Four and a Half per Centum Duty, and his Assistant.

Controller on the Husband.

Clerk of the Cheque.

Appointers of Weighers.

OUTWARDS.

Surveyors of the Searchers.

Searchers of every Description, and Persons acting as Searchers.

COASTWISE.

Surveyor of the Coast-Waiters.

Coast-Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Coast-Waiters.

WATER GUARD.

Register for the Tide-Waiters,

Register for the Watermen.

Gate

46° GEORGII III.

C. 82, 83. 771

tJate Keepers and Messengera employed in arty o£the Offices or Employments mentioned in this Table.

All Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in or about the West India or London Docks, or any of the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, Offices, or Places belonging thereto.

All other Officers, Clerks, and Persons employed in the Service of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London^ whether appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Cudoms in England, or by Deputation, or other Instrument or Authority of any Patentee, or other Officer or Person whatever, shall attend at the several Offices or Places appointed, or to be appointed, for the Execution and Discharge of their respective Duties on every Day in the Year, from the Hour of Ten in every Morning until the Hour of Three in every. Afternoon, Sundays, and the Days appointed to [&* §6 ]

be kept as Holidays, by the Act to which this Table is annexed, excepted.

For the Attendance of Officers and other Persons at any Tirrte when the Publick Service shall so require, and See §9,

for the Attendance of Clerks and of Officers and Persons receiving daily Pay, or employed on the Water Guard,

fee the Act to which this Table is annexed.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Pod Office in England.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be established by Law in the Poll Office, that all

v y Monies, Bills, and Drafts received on Account of the Revenue under the Management of the General 1 Poll Office, should be lodged in the Bank of England\ and that all Payments previous to .ts being carried into

the Exchequer should be made by Drafts on the Bank Be' it therefore enabled by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com none, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and six, all Sums of Money, Bills, and Drafts, received by the Receiver M., Wey, Bills, General of the Pod Office, on Account of the Revenue under the Management of the General P it Office, shall, &c. received by the Day after the same shall have been received, or the Day after any Bill shall have been acceptd if the same Receiver was not accepted at the Time it was received by the Receiver General) be paid by him into th? Hands of tile Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said pud^by him Governor and Company shall be a sufficient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills, and Drafts so to be paid to the into the B ink, Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be placed to an Account to be raised in the Books of whofhaii open an the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled, The Account of the Publick Montes of the Receiver General Accc, unc thereof. of the Pcjl Office, inferring the Name of such Receiver General for the Time being. Receiver

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Receiver General General m?y of the Pod Office from Time to Time to retain in his Hands, out o* the Monies received by him as such rcrain 300'. per Receiver General, such Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds in each Weekor (unless any larger Sum shall be allowed to be retained with the Permission in Writing of any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury) as the Pod Master General shall from Time to Time Di region of direct for the making of Payments of Tradesmen's Bills, and casualand ordinary and small Disbursements. P^ltmaster, Sec.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* or some Person Bank shall make duly authorized in that Behalf, shall daily upon receiving any Money, Bills, or Drafts from the Receiver General Entries of

of the Pod Office, make an Entry of the Money, Bills, and Drafts so received, in a Book to be provided and Receipts in a sent for that Purpose by the Receiver General of the Pod Office, which shall be forthwith returned to the Pod to the

Office, and inspected daily after its Return by the Accountant General of the Pod Office, or his Deputy, who puii'office U r shall compare the same with the Book kept by such Accountant General, for the Purpose of seeing that the Infpr&wn of Receiver General con (burly pays intotht Bank all the Money, Bills, and Drafts, which he ougtu to do under A«-countanc the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Accountant General or his Deputy may discover in that Gcncra1,

Behalf, ' shall be immediately reported to the Pod n ailer General.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the weekly Payments into the Exchequer of the Monies arising by the How nrr-klr Duties under the Management of the Pod Office pursuant to Law, shall be made in Manner following, (that is P*y, ncp s ih jl*to say) the Taid Receiver General shall make an Order upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^[rncTtht to write off from his Account the Sum desired, which Order shall be countersigned by the Accountant General £xCiiCqUCr.

of the Pod Office or his Deputy, and the said Governor and Company or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall upon Receipt of such Order write off such Sum and deliver a spoiled or cancelled Note for the Amount to the Receiver General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer; and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive the same as so much Cash.

V..And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General shall make all other Payments required to be A!J ot, ier

made out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England by Drafts on the said Bank, which Drafts shall be countersigned by the Accountant General of the Pod Office, or his Deputy, and shall spedfy the particular General shall be Service, Salary, or other Charge or Expence, for the Payment whereof the said Draft was given; and every made by D ?.fr$ such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept 0, 1 t, iC

by the said Receiver General, wherein Entry shall be made of the particular Service, Salary* or other Charge or'fl, UTVern*1 d E\pence, for the Payment of which such Draft shall be given. Gtncrd

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to any of the Directions of this Act but not p0<!f

otherwise, shall be sufficient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons dr^vn furii't mentioned in fuctfDrafts, or to the Bearer of them. AutSoi iiy ir.c

5 F a VII. And8

77* C. 83, 84.

46° GEORGII IIt.

A.D. 1806.

On Death or Rrmov.il of the Receiver General, the Balance in the Rank shall vest hi his SuccefTur;

ReceHer General shall keep Account In (he Bank.

Forging

Indiumenrr, &c. Felony without Clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present and of every other Receiver General of the Post Office hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cifh for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account as Receiver General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England t shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such Successor in Trust for the Service of the Publick, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the

who may d>*w Receiver General for the Time being shall and he is hereby directed and required to issu^his Drafts and Order* as for all unsatisfied aforesaid for ail unsatisfied Charges and Demands on Account of the Publick Services, although the £mc Charges shall have 'accrued in the Time of any former Receiver General.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hodred and fix, the Receiver General of the Post Office for the Time being, shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued on his Account for the Service of the Publick; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money which he shall have so paid into the Bank of England; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies which shall be actually received by them'as aforesaid from the Receiver General of the Post Office.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or court* terfeit, or cause or procure to be rorged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist m forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of the Receiver General of the Post Office for the Tfane being, or his Clerk, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever, for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in tnc Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Receiver General of the Post Office, or fli ll forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or coun* terfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing, in Form of a Draft made by such Receiver General or his Deputy, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, or any Corporation, every such Person or Persons so-offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Chfes of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

Act may be altered this Session, §10.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act: to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children. [lath July 1806 j

WHEREAS it is expedient to grant an Allowance, out of the Duties charged by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the -ff-irs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conflruQed by Coachmakers> and granting new Duties thereon under the Management of t1)e said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Au3ionf or on Commission;

and out of the Duties granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses used in riding, or for drawing certain Carriages, and for consolidat.ng the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon; and also out of the Duties granted by

an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned, to Persona

having more than Two Children to maintain Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person having more than Two Children born in lawful Wedlock, and bona fide maintainedt the Expence of such Person, shall for every such Child above Two be entitled to an Allowance after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the Amount of all the Assessments on such Person by virtue of the said recited Acts, in case the total Amount of all the said Assessments shall be under Forty Pounds in any one Year; which Allowance shall be made annually out of the Duties so charged, at any Time in the Year of Assessment, on Delivery of a Declaration in Writing, containing the whole Number of such Children, and their respective Names and Places of Residence, and which of them are of the Family, or reside elsewhere.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Children by any former Marriage either of the Husband or Wife, or of the Husband or Wife deceased, shall equally entitle the Husband or Wife, or surviving Husband or Wife, maintaining such Children, to the Benefit of such Allowances as Ills or her own Children.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Allowances shall not be granted in respect of any Child who shall personally be charged to any of the said Duties, or who shall be a Householder.

Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Aftsr shall and are hereby empowered to grant the said Allowances in their respective Districts, and therein to use, practise, and apply all and every the Powers and Authorities of the said first mentioned Act; and all the Powers and Provisions of the said Act shall in the Execution of this Act be severally applied and construed in the like Manner as if the said Powers and Provisions were severally and specially enacted in this Act; and all and every the Provisions of this Act shall> in the Execution of the said nrft mentioned A&> be severally and respectively

construed

43 G. 3. c. X61;

45 G J. c. 13.

46 G. 3. c. 78.

Allowances out of Duties under rr/cited Acts for evtvy Child above Two.

4l. per Ceet, 00 Amount of AiTe Aments notjcecdi(i* 40l.

Children by a former Marriage included.

Allowances not granted foi Child charged t^ Commissioners m'der recited Acts may grant Allowances.

A.D. 18c6

46° GEORGII III.

773

C. #4i 85.

construed in like Manner as if the same Provisions severally formed a Part of the said Act and were specially enacted therein; and the said Allowances shall be ascertained and allowed in the same Manner as any Rate or Duty may be ascertained and charged by the said first mentioned Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person intending to claim such Allowances shall cause the whole Number of his or her Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs, and other Articles chargeable on him or her under the said Acts, and of which a Return is required by the said first mentioned Act, to be returned in the Parish or Place where such Claim shall be to be made 5 and if such Person or Persons shall have Two or more Dwelling Houses situate in different Parishes or Places, then and in such Case the Amount or Amounts of Duty charged in respect of any such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses situate elsewhere than where such Claim shall be to be made, shall he certified by and under the Hands of Two Commissioners respectively acting for the Parish or Parishes, Place or Places where such other Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses are situate; and no Allowance shall be granted on the Amount of any Duty not charged in the Assessment of the Parish or Place where such Claim is made, except the Duties charged in respect to such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses. situate elsewhere than in such Parish or Place which shall hare been certified in Manner before directed; par shall any such Allowance be granted unless the Person claiming the same shall deliver at the Time of making such Claim a Declaration in Writing to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Claim is to be made* declaring the Parish or Place, and the several Parishes and Places, and County, Riding, Division, or Counties* ltiding9, or Divisions in which his or her Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses are situate.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming such Allowance shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where such Claim shall be made for the present Year, on or before the Thirtieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, and for every subsequent Year within the Time when the Assessors are required to prepare and deliver their Certificates of Assessment under the said first mentioned Act, a Declaration or Declarations in Writing to the Effect before-mentioned; to all which Declarations any Inspector or Surveyor acting in the Execution of this Act shall have Access, to take Copies of or Extracts from, under the like Powers as 111 Cases of Returns made under the fai*d Act; and in every Case where the Inspector, Surveyor, or Assessor shall not obieft to such Declaration before all the Appeals for that Year are determined, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to grant such Allowances on the Amount of the Duties charged in the Assessments for that Year, in the Parish or Place where such Claim shall be made, adding thereto the Amount of any Duties charged for the same Year on the Claimants in respect of any Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses inhabited by such Claimant, and not situate in the District of the said Commissioners, the Amount whereof shall have been certified to them as aforesaid; but in case the Inspector, Surveyor, or Assessor shall object to such Claims, giving Notice thereof in Writing to the respective Claimants, then the Merits thereof shall be heard upon Appeal before the said Commissioners, 1'ubjeft to such Rules, Regulations, and Penalties, as Appeals under the said firijt-mentioned Act are directed to be heard and determined.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make any such Claim without declaring

or causing to be declared in Manner before directed the full Amount of all the Duties chargeable on him, her, or them under the said Acts, or shall be guilty of any Fraud or Contrivance whatever in making such Claim, or in btaining such Allowance, or shall deliver any Declaration which shall be false, with Intent to obtain the said Allowance contrary to this Act, or not granted thereby, or shall fraudulently'cause to be certified any Amount of Duty not actually charged on him or her, or shall make a Second Claim for the same Cause, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty for Offences against the said Acts maybe recovered and applied. v

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Amount of every Allowance so granted shall be set down in Figures*

and remain on the Certificate of Assessment for the Parish or Place where such Claim is made, under the Head of Allowances for Children, " and the Whole of such Allowance shall be granted out of the Duties charged in the said Parish or Place, by deducting the Sums allowed from the Amount of Duty there charged; and the Sum to be paid, after deducting the Whole of the said Allowance, shall be set down as the Net Duty to be paid by such Claimant in the said Parish or Place, and the Duplicate thereof to be delivered to the Collector fliau be made or amended in such Manner so that the Net Duty only, after deducting such Allowance, may remain to be paid on the said Assessment.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a separate Account shall be kept of all Allowances, made under this Act; and that a Sum equal to the total Amount thereof shall be paid into the Receipt of the Consolidated Fund at the Exchequer, out of any Monies arising under an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, furthtr additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Profcssions, Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an AR passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Prafessions, Trades, and Offices; and to confotidate and render more effectual the Provisions for colic Sing the said Duties; for the Year within which such Allowances were made.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for reviving and continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service* [12th July 1806.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

Claimants shall make full Retu ns of

Servant*. See,

charg< ahfc.

Such Claimais* shall deliver in Declarations, which Inspector* Sec. may inspedb and object uh.

Appeal*

Penalty 00 Persons mak'ng fraudulent Claims, &c. xoob

Amount of Allowances (halt be fer down ia Certificate of Aftefimcnr.

Account shall bt kepr of fitch Allowances, and a Sura equal to th* % Amount paid Yearly into the Consolidared Fund, from the Produce of Duties under 46 G. 3. c. 65.

43 0.3.«. 63.

}C» 8&.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Cattle of Norwich, with the Common Gaol, Castle Hill, and certain Land adjacent thereto, in the County of Norfolk, and for vetting the same in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Ule thereof \ and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Castle of Norwich, with the Common Gaol, Castle Hill, and circumjacent Ground,

vv containing about Six Acres One Rood and Thirteen Perches, is Part of the County of Norfolkt although surrounded by the City and County of the City of Norwich: Ard whereas the King's moil

Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised in Fee Simple of the said Castle, Castle Hill, CommoB 1 Gaol, and circumjacent Ground: And whereas from Time immemorial the Assizes and Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk have been holden at the Shirchouse within the said Castle, and the

Publick Records of the said County are deposited, and the publick Business of the said County hath been

transtnfted there, and the Common Gaol and Prison of the said County of Norfolk adjoins to and forms a Part of the said Castle: And whereas by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date on or

about the Eighth Day of April in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, the King's most Excellent Majesty was graciously pleased, with the Advice of the First Commissioner of the Treasury, and

Chancellor and Under-Treasurer of the Exchequer, and the Commissioners of the Treasury, todemife, grant,

and to farm let, unto George Earl of Orford, Horatio Lord Walpole, Edmund Rolfe Junior, Anthony Norrit,

and Edward Bacon, Esquires, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such 1 Survivor, in Trust for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk in their General Quarter Session assembled, the Castle and Premises aforesaid, by the Description of " All that Piece of Parcel of Ground, situate within and near the Center of the City of Norwich, called Castle Hill, together with the Ditch surrounding the fame, and the circumjacent (ground thereto belonging and bordering thereupon, containing in the Whole by Admeasurement Six Acres One Rood and Thirteen Perches, as the same is bounded by Four Stone Posta fixed thereupon, situate, lying, and being within the County of Norfolk, and out of the Jurisdiction of the County of the City of Norwich, and also, all that the Common Gaol in the said County of Norfolk, commonly called the CafUe of Norwich, and the Shirehouse where the Assizes and Sessions for the li said County are held, and all other Buildings, with the Appurtenances situate, (landing, and being on the u said Ground, or any Part thereof, (excepting all that Messuage, House, or Tenement situate on the Castle Hill aforesaid, called The Hill House, then or late in the Occupation of George Gynney Gaoler, with the Appurtenances), all which said Premises are in the said Letters Patent dated to be more particularly described in a Plan thereof, remaining in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General taken by Thomae Emerson in the.'4> Month of August One thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, together with all Ditches, Glacis, Kamparts, 44 Mounds, Waites, Sewers, Banks, Fences, Walls, and other Works belonging to the said Castle, and all Ways, Passages, Lights, Easements, Waters, Watercourses, Cellars, Sollars, Profits, Commodities, Advantage*, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Buildings, and Premises, belonging or m any wife appertaining, or therewith used and enjoyed, " To hold the said Premises except as aforesaid) unto the said Leflecs and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, in Trust for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk in their General Quarter Session assembled, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, to commence from the Date of the said I etters Patent, rendering and paying therefore to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and out of the said Premises, the Yearly Kent or Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence, at or into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, or to the Hands of His Majesty's Bailiff or Receiver General for the Tune being of the said County of Norfolk, at or upon the Feast Day of Saint Michael the Archangel in every Year of the said Term of Thirty-one Years; subject, amongst other Tilings, to a Proviso in the same Letters Patent contained, that it should and might be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at any Time thereafter during the said Term thereby granted, to refutne all or any Part of the said Premises thereby demised, in case any Necessity should arise for erecting any Publick Works within the Bounds of the said Premises, without any Compensation whatever to be made for such Resumption: And whereas His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Norfolk, have from Time to Time expended considerable Sums of Money out of the County Stock, for the Purpose of repairing, enlarging, and improving the said Gaol: And Whereas the Courts in the said Shirehouse in which the Assizes and Quarter Sessions are held are not sufficiently large for the Purposes for which they are used, and arc otherwise incommodious; and no proper Place is provided for depositing, keeping, and preserving the Publick Records of the said County of Norfolk: And whereas, upon the humble Application of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Nolfolk iu Q uarter Sessions assembled, and in consideration that the said Castle and Gaol, with the Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground, have always been dedicated to the publick Use of the said County, and that considerable Charges have heretofore been incurred by the County in repairing and rebuilding the fame, and that further Expences must be incurred in improving and making the said Buildings commodious, and keeping the same in

Repair, His Majesty has been moil graciously pleased to signify His Royal Pleasure, that, so far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, the said Castle and Castle Hill, with the Gaol and circumjacent Ground, should be absolutely vested in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being ailing in and for the said County of Norfolk, on the Terms and Conditions herein mentioned: But as such Purposes cannot be esse^led without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j* and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confmtof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and

A.IX 1806. 46° GEORGII IIT. C. 775.

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Forvefling the passing of this act the said Castle and Gaol, with the Castle Hill and circumjacent Ground, and all and every the Premises comprized, in the said Letters Patent, and thereby granted and demised, shall be and the same is f0"the*

and are hereby granted and confirmed unto, and shall be vested for ever in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for county of the Time being acting in and for the said County of Norfolkfreed and absolutely discharged from all Claim, Norfolk.-Right, and Title of H is Majesty in Right of His Crown, His Heirs and Successors.

u Gaol shall continue the Common Gaol for the County; and the Sheriff of Norfolk shall appoint the Gaoler u as heretofore. §2. — Justices authorized to payout of the County Rates a Salary to the Gaoler# §3. — Justices empowered to alter and improve the Shirehouse. {4.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down* penury on P.r--

or in any Manner damage or destroy the said Gaol or Shirehouse, or any Building or Buildings now erected or so -.s daimging, built, or hereafter to be erected or built in Manner aforesaid upon the said Castle Hill, or upon any of the Ground x*z P* hereby vested in the said Justices as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every C0W'

such Case every such Person, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and the

Court before which such Person or Persons shall be tried shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years to such Place, and in such Manner, as other Felons are directed, to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this F.ealm, of to suffer such corporal Punishment, or to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, as the Court before which such Person or Persons shall be tried shall deem fit and proper to order and inflid; and the said Justices of the Peace in their said Quarter Sessions assembled are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments at the Aff*zes° be held in and for the County of Norfolk, and to direct the Expences of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer of the County of Norfolk for the Time being out -of the County Stock or Money to be levied and raised by the County Rates within the said County of Norfolk; and in every such Indictment and Indictments the said Castle, Shirehouse, Gaol, and Buildings, shall be aHedged and describied to be the Castle, Shirehouse, Gaol, or Buildings (as the Case may happen) 01 the Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, without particularly stating or specifying the Name or Names of allor any of the said Justices.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Castle, Shirehouse, Gaol, and other Buildings, with The Castle.GaoI, 1. the Castle Hill andi circumjacent Ground and Premises, shall at all Times, from and after the passing of this Act, fn(i orher Build--be vested in, and the same is and are hereby declared to be vested in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in

and for the said County of Norfolk, for the Time being, upon Trust, and to the End* Intent, and Purpose that lh* ^uumy in the said Justices shall and do from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly allow, - Trust, to permit-permit, and suffer the Assizes and Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, - and allother Covrrts and Meetings the Assize*,

For the said County of Norfolk for the publick Administration of Justice, and transading the publick Affairs and Session*, See. Business of the said County, to be holden and kept in and upon the said Castle and Shirehouse, and the Appur- to be l0CfC* tenances thereto belonging, in the same Manner as such Assizes, Sessions, Courts, and Meetings-have been heretofore usually holden and kept there 5 and the said Justices shall alf© allow and suffer the same to be had, used, and enjoyed for all such other^publick Uses and Purposes as the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, or the major Part of them, at their Michadmai General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in the said Shirehouse, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint, with free Liberty for all Persons whonvit shall or may concern to ad and officiate in, and resort to, and attend.upon the said Assizes, Sessions, CouTts, and

Meetings, as they shall have Occasion, or think proper.

Justices may sue and be sued in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, j 7.^ — Expences -

of passing the Ad shall be paid out of the County Stock. J 8.

IX. Saving always to all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate* ^nd to all and every General Saving*Person and Persons whomsoever, his her or their Heirs Successors Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors) all such Estate, Right, Title, artd Interest, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had.and enjoyedin case this Act had not been made.

" Publick Act $ 10.

CAP. LXXXVIL.

An Act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland; and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the several Laws now in force for regulating the

*V Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland,

and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, and to provide for the greater Ease and -

Convenience of Persons engaged in or carrying on Trade, and for preventing Frauds, in the Collection of the said Duties and in the Payment of the said Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, -

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Gaadi importzd*' the Commencement of this Act, all Goode, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, which shall be unshipped or or exported shipped off at any Time before due Entry shall be made of the fame, with the proper Officer of the Customs, or w, lhout Enlfy Warrant or Licence had and ob/ained from such Officer, shall be forfeited, and may be feixed, nuF *

776 C. 87.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Entry dull dif-

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Entry shall contain the following Particulars in Figures and tinguiih Number Words at length 5 that is to say, the several and respective Numbers of the Packages, Calks, or Vessels in which and Marks of the Goods mentioned in any such Entry are contained, with a particular Description of such Packages, Calks, the"CifnrVnmof or Vessels, an<^ of the Name by which such Packages, Calks, or Vessels respectively are usually called and the Good^hM-e- known, and a Representation of the several Marks on each such Package, Calk, or Vessel, together with a in, on Penalty particular Account, specifying the Denomination and Description of the Contents of each such Package, Calk, of Forfeiture. or Vessel 5 and if' the Package, Calk, or Vessel in which any Goods or Merchandize mentioned in such Entry-shall be contained, be not described in the Manner herein directed, or if the Goods contained in each particular Package, Calk, or Vessel, shall not agree with the Account of the Contents of such Package, Calk, or Vessel, such Goods and Merchandize, together with the Package, Calk, or Vessel in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

On Seizures for HI- And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be seized as being entered false Entry, Proof in the Name of any other than the true Owner and Proprietor of the fame, then and in such Case the Proof Ownci-ship that such Goods, Wares, or Mejrcliandize were entered in the Name of the true Owner and Proprietor thereof, shall Uc on the (bull lie on the Person who shall claim such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and it shall not lie on the Officer or Officers who shall seize the fame, to prove that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, were entered in the Name of any other than the true Owner and Proprietor thereof.

IV. And Whereas Persons importing into Ireland the following Goods and Merchandize; that is to say. Spirits, Wines, Hops, Sugars, Coffee, Salt, Lemons, Oranges, and Timber, have been sometimes permitted

Her (on* claiming.

Post Entries shall M made within Seven Days, on Penalty of 5.01*

/hall be made within Seven Days after the Weight, Quantity, Quality, and Contents of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall 1>e re spe lively ascertained by the proper Officer, or in default thereof the Person neglecting to make such Post Entry shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Go ds not men- V- And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not entered, mentioned, or set fioned min voices fbrth in the Invoice of any Ship or Vessel, and found on board such Ship or Vessel after Twenty-four Hours f jrfeited. from t], e Time of fych Invoice being made, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

Packet Boats

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or Commander of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, appointed Bull nor import or employed ordinarily by His Majesty's Postmasters General in Great Britain or Ireland, for the Carriage of ror ex port Goods Letters and Packets, shall, without the Licence of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland^ to Duty; previously obtained, jenowingiy import or ex port, or cause, permit, or suffer to be imported or exported in such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize subject to such Duty, such Master or Commander feiture of Goods, (h*U forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with the Value of such Goods and Merchandize £> &c. imported or exported, and all such Goods and Merchandize so imported shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

Goods stranded

VII. And be it farther enacted, That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which shall be saved out of any IhaMpayCuIh ms Ship or Vessel that shall happen to be forced on Shore or stranded on the Coast of Ireland, not being wrecked undT/DUe'a^on Flat Jam, or Lagan, shall be entered with the proper Officer as if the said Goods were regularly

of Com roiflioners hnported, and after Charges of Salvage and other Charges paid ftuulbe subject to the Payment of the like Duties, of Customs wuh &nd the Owner: , be entitled to the like Drawbacks on Exportation, and the like Allowances and Abatements Direction of as such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize would be liable unto, or the Owners be entitled to have, in case the Treasury. same were regularly imported: Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel shall be so forced on Shore hr

stranded, at any Port or Place in Ireland, to which such Ship or Vessel was not bound, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to order and direct that any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which were on board such Ship or Vessel, may be relhipped or translhipped into the said Shin or into any other Ship or Vessel, without the Payment of any Duties or Fees thereon, after Payment of Salvage, and all other Charges of preferring and reshipping or transshipping the fame, under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to such Conditions as such Commissioners shall require, by and with the Approbation or Direction of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasuren of Ireland1

Goods paying

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Customs to open and Duty ad valorem examine all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported, subject to Duty ad*valorem % and if upon such Exami-fc* office^11 aruf nVLt*°n it shall appear that the Value sworn to or affirmed on the Entry thereof is less than the true Value, tile A mount with (exceptln the Case of Statues and Paintings) it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to detain such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and to cause the same to be conveyed into any of His Majesty's Warehouses j and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and they are hereby empowered to direct the Collector of the Port where such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize may have been entered, to pay out of any Money in his Hands to the Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or to the Person making any such Entry, the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as sworn to or affirmed on the Entry thereof, together with an Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and also the Duties paid on such Goods, but without any further Allowance whatsoever; which Payment the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties are hereby dire died to cause to be made within Thirty Days after the Goods shall be so taken and detained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Payment so made shall be deemed ti be in full Satisfaction for such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to all Intents and Pumofes as if such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize Mid'to rke^uT* ^P^/ had been regularly fold; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, whether the Value of #?tbcCrawj), C IUfa Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so respectively ascertained, together with the Addition of Ten Pounds

10l. per Cent, paid to the Merchant for the fane.

Such Goods may be sold.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 87, 777

per Centum, and also the Duties paid thereon be demanded or not, to cause the said Goods, Wares, or Mei- allowing One-chandize respectively to be fairly and publickly sold to the best Advantage, not sooner than Twenty Days after l'*Jf^Oje Ovci-the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be so taken and detained; and in case there shall be any Overplus q* 'C remaining from the Produce of such Sale, after deducting the Value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum, and also the Duties paid or payable thereon, and the Charges of warehousing and felling such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to order One Moiety of such Overplus to be paid to the Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall have opened and examined such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as an Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of his or their Duty, and the other Moiety, together with the Amount of the Value of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (o ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of Ten Pounds per Centum> and also of the Duties payable thereon, shall be paid into the Haneys of the Collector of the Port within which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been fold, for the Benefit of His Majesty; but in case the Produce of such Sale, after deducting the Charge arising from th-

Warehousing, Securing, and Sale of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall not exceed or amount to so much as the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of

Ten Pounds per Centum, and of the Duties payable thereon, then the whole Produce of the Sale of such Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, after deducting the Charges arising from the Warehousing, Securing, and Sale thereof, shall be paid to the Collector of the Port within which such Goods, Ware9, and Merchandize shall have beeta so fold, for the Use of His Majesty.

X. And Whereas in many Cases the Calks, or Packages which contain Goods, Wares, or Merchandize pj, .fc; , gCS xf

subject to Duty ad valorem, are also of a certain Value be it enacted, That in all Cases where such Casks, or vahnh.*, o», !i Packages are of rpal Value, more than the usual or necessary Calks or Packages for such Goods or Merchandize p*y P«ry ad are or ought to be, they shall be entered, and the Value thereof, if entered ad valorem, shall in every Valuation valorcn*' be added to the Value of the Goods, and pay Duty accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, where by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Package* mav,

Ireland relating to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, »n Cases, be or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall and may be [^Yrhe/wiih seized or detained, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer seizing and detaining the same also to seize and th^Goodi con-detain the Casks and Packages in which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be respectively contained, tiined in them, and such Casks and Packages shall be dealt with in all respects in the same Manner as the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so seized and detained.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Goods storH for

Port Duties, or for the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port for the Time being in their respective SccuwtyufDuiic* Districts, in all Cases where Goods are or shall be entered on Bills of Store or Bills of View, and brought into he, lfo, d., f

His Majesty's Warehouses for the Security of the Duties thereon, except such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize Morjhs, or

respecting which any special Provision is made by this or any other Act or A fts in Force in Ireland, to cause all cife wjti, jn Six such Goods, if perishable, which shall have remained there fdr the Space of Two Months, and if not perishable. Months.

for the Space of Six Months, the Duties upon which have not been paid or secured as the Law drrefts, to be publickly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle as soon as conveniently they can, and after such Sale the Produce thereof mall be nrft applied towards Payment of the Duties, and of the Storage, and all other Charges thereon, and the Overplus (if any) shall be rendered and paid to the Proprietor or other Person lawfully authorized to receive the same: Provided always, that before any such Sale shall be made of any perishable Goods, Three Days Notice thereof, and before any such Sale of Goods not perishable, then One Month's Notice thereof, and of the Place, Day, and Hour of makingfuch Sale respectively shall be publickly posted up, and keptexposed to open View in the Long Room at the Custom House of the Port where such Sale is to be made, specifying each Article and Package, and the respective Marks thereon.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize subject or liable to the Penaky ©n Payment of Duty upon Import, shall, either within Eight Leagues of the Shore of Ireland, or within any unshipping at Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek in Ireland, be unshipped, or shall be taken out of any Ship or Vessel at Sea,

in order to be put'into any other Vessel, Ship, or Boat, or shall be taken out of any Ship or Vessel in order to mp°r

be landed, without first paying or securing according to Law all Duties payable by Law thereon, all f.ch Goods, Forfeiture and Wares, and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship, Boat, Treble Value, qr other Vessel, into or out of which any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be taken or put as aforesaid,

shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, unless in case of unavoidable Distress or Necesslty, (of which the Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship, Boat, or other Vessel shall immediately upon his Arrival give Notice in Writing, and make Proof thereof before the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs in the first Port in Ireland where he shall arrive.)

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits, in any Cask, Bottle, Jar, or For preventing other Vessel or Package under Sixty Gallons Gauge, save and except Spirits of Vitriol, or other Spirits used in Smuggling c.P the Linen Manufacture, and Cordial Waters, or if any Teas (except such Teas as shall be exported from Great Tobacco* or Britain to Ireland in Packages, containing not less than Ten Pounds each), or if any Tobacco in any Package, probed of containing less than Four hundred and fifty Suttle Pounds Weight, or if any Coffee many Package, containing Goods.

less than One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, or if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by Law liable' to Forfeiture upon Importation into Ireland, shall be found on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in any Bay,

Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven, River, or other Place in Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof* qr shall be discovered so to have been, although Bulk shall not appear to have been broken, or although it shall not appear that any of the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize before mentioned, were run or attempted to have been run out of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in every such Case all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so 46 Gf.o. III. 5 G found

778 C. S7. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

found on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and also Aich Ship, Vessel, or Boat* with all her Guns, Tarkle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel shall be forfeited; and if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be found in any-Bay, Port, Harbour, Haven, River, Creek, or other Place in Ireland\ or within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, although such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize before mentioned, or any of them, shall not be found on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, upon Proof made that any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, have been taken from on board such Ship* Vessel, or Boat, or landed m any Part of Ireland. then every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on board, shall be forfeited, over nod above any other Penalty or Forfeiture for the said Offence: Provided always, that no such Forfeiture shall be incurred in case such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not being bound for any Port in Ireland, shall be driven in by unavoidable Necessity and Diflref3, provided the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in any Bay, Port, Harbour, Haven, River, Creek, or other Place in Ireland, give Notice m Writing, and make satisfactory Proof of the Port to which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat was bound, and also of such Necessity and Distress, to and before the Chief Ottcer of the Customs at the Port or Place where such Ship, Boat, or Vessel shall arrive: Provided also, that it shall be lawful to have so much Tea, Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, as shall not exceed in Quantity more than Two Gallons of Spirits-nor more than One Pound of Tea, nor more than Two Pounds of Tobacco, for each Seaman belonging to such* Ship, Vessel, or Boat.

ff Ships in Dif-

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall come into any Bay, Port, ires* land Good* Harbour, Haven, River, Creek, or other Place in Ireland % or shall be within Eight Leagues of the Snore thereof; illegally ibey and any Spirits, Teas, or Tobacco, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be unlawfully landed from-ftaiibcfuir-iced. such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, 'Ammunition, and Apparel shall be forfeited, and also the Remainder of the Cargo of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat; notwithstanding such Ship, Vessel, or Boat was forced into Inland, or was within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, by unavoidable Necessity or Distress.

Extending

XVI. And Whereas by several Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, certain Ships, Vessels, and Boats, in

Limit* of the said Acts respectively particularly described, are, if found in any Bay, Port, Harbour, Haven, River, or hovering to«Creek in Ireland, or within Four Leagues of the Shore thereof, or discovered so to have been, under certain-E»gbt Leagues.«Circumstances subject and liable to Fofteiture, together with all Goods on boaril any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the«Provisions of the said Acts should be extended; 9 be it therefore coaded, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Ship, Vessel, and Boat, which, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in* Ireland, or of any of the Provisions in any such Act or Acts contained, would be subject and liable to Forfeiture' for hovering, or being found or discovered to have been within Four Leagues of the Shore of Ireland shall, with all herGuns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, and all Goods and Commodities on board* be subject and liable to Forfeiture, if hovering or found or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Shore of Ireland, under any of the Circumstances in the said Acts or any of them respectively lpedfied, described, or mentioned; and that all and every such Act and Acts respectively, and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Matters, and Things, in such Act or Acts contained, relating to Ships, Vessels, or Boats, and the Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel thereof, hovering, or found or discovered to'have been within Four Leagues of the Shore of Ireland and also relating to any Goods laden or being on board any such Ships. Vessels, or Boats, shall be, and the same are and is hereby extended, and hereby directed and declared severally and respectively to extend, and shall from and after the Commencement of this Act be deemed and construed to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force, and be applied mid put in Execution, as to all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and the Guns, Tackle, Furniture* Ammunition, and Apparel thereof, which shall, under any of the Circumstances specified, described, or mentioned in any such Act or Acts, be hovering; or found, or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the £hore of Ireland; and also to all Goods on board any such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every such Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions; Exceptions, Matters, and Things therein contained, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, as to such Distance of Eight Leagues as aforesaid. fta^cki of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Phins, as wfctt

former Act* at Pains of Death as other Pains, and all Forfeitures, Fines, and Penalties, and all Provisions, Powers, Authorities, to bowing Rules. Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions, and Exceptions, contained in all and every or any Ad or A6hr

oiicnded tv this, gf Parliament in force in Ireland, relating to Ships, Vessels, or Boats io hovering, or found, or discovered to

have been within Four I eagues of the Shore of Ireland, or to any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge.or Command, or any other Person on board any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall extend, and shall be deemed, construed, and taken, and shall apply and be in full Force, and put in Execution in all Cases, and for all Purposes as to all such Ships, Vessels, or Boats which shall be hovering, or found, or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Shone of Ireland; and as to every Master or other Person having or taking; the Charge or Command, or other Person on board of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intent* and Purposes, as if all and every such Act and Acts, andall such Pains, as well Pains of

Death and other Pains, and all Foofeitures* Fines, and Penalties, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities; Rules, JkgttbtiMS* Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in such Act or Acts

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 87.

contained and enacted, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, a* to such Distacce of Eight Leagues as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted, That if upon any Trial of any Information for, or of any Action relating to, the Seizure or Forfeiture of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of the Tackle, Apparel, Guns, Furniture, or Ammunition thereof, or of Goods on board the same respectively, hovering, or being found, or discovered to have been within any Limits or Distances mentioned in this Act, or seized or proceeded against in due course of Law for hovering, or being so found or discovered as aforesaid, it shall appear to the Court or Jury respectively, that from the Evidence given on such Trial it is doubtful whether such Ship, Vessel, or Boat was within such Limits or Distances as aforesaid, but it shall nevertheleft at the same Time be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Jury respectively, that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, had on board prohibited Goods, or Goods in Packages, contrary to Law, or Goods liable to the Payment of Duties in Ireland, and was then bound for, or hovering on Che Coast or Shore of Ireland, for the Purpose of clandestine Importation or illegal running of such Goods, it shall be lawful for such Court or Jury to find a Verdict, or give Judgement on such Information or Action respectively, as to any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel thereof, and any Goods on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in like Manner as if it had been fully proved that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, was hovering, or found, or had been discovered to have been within any such Limits or Distances as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to alter any such Limits or Distances, or to any Cases in which there shall not be a Doubt as to whether such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in respect whereof any such Questions shall arise, was hovering, or found, or discovered to be within such Limits or Distances respectively as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Customs in Ireland who shall first come on board any Ship or Vessel bound for any Port in Ireland, and having on board any Spirits, Wines, Tobacco, Tea, Sugar, or Coffee, except the Quantity allowed by Law for the Consumption of the Crew, either within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and reoaired to batten, fatten, and lock down the main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in such Ship or Vessel, and if such Officer or Officers shall neglect so to do, then and in such Case any other Officer or Officer* of the Customs shall and may batten, fatten, and lock down the f?ud Hatchway and Hatchways; and the Matter or other Person having or taking the Chatge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall and he is hereby required to assist or cause to be assisted Inch Officer or Officers by and with a sufficient Number of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in battening, fattening, and locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways, and to provide and keep on board good and sufficient Locks and Fastemngs for that Purpose; and if any such Mailer or other Person shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep such Locks and Fastenings, or to affill or cause to be assisted pny such Officer or Officers in battening, fattening, or locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways according to the Directions of this Act, or if any such Hatchway shall, after the same shall have been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, according so the Directions of this Act, be opened, or if any Fattening or Lock affixed to any such Hatchway for the Purpose of fattening or locking the same according to the Directions of this Act, shall be open, broken, or damaged after such Hatchway shall have been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, and before the f^mie shall have been opened bj the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XX. Andie it further enacted, That when any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be on shipped or Janded in Ireland out of any Vessel or Boat under the Burthen of Twenty five Tons, not being in Leak or Wreck, before due Entry made of such Vessel or Boat, and of all such Goods, at the Custom House or Place 'allowed by Law for landing thereof, or after due Entry, without the Knowledge, Privity, and Consent of the proper. Officer or Officers of the Port or Place where such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been shipped or landed, such Vessel or Boat, together with its Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall be forfeited.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship or Vessel shall arrive at any Port or Harbour df Ireland, and the Matter or Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall report to the proper Officer that cither the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel is not to be landed in Ireland, or not to be landed in such Port of her first Arrival, and shall depart from such Port or Harbour, and shall arrive in any, other Port or Harbour in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Collector or other proper Officer of fuvh last mentioned Port or Harbour to examine the State of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and if such Cargo shall not agree with the Report and Invoioe of the Matter or other Person made to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Port or Harbour where such Ship or Vessel dfd first arrive, every such Ship or Vessel, together with her Cargo shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs, unless it shall appear that such Disagreement was caused by unavoidable Necessity.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Customs to enter into any Coasting Ship or Vessel which shall be within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, and to demand the Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire obtained by the Matter or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and to examine whether the Cargo on board such Ship or Vessel corresponds with the said Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire; and if such Cargo shall not correspond with the said Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, then every (itch Officer is hereby authorized and required immediately to seize such Ship or Vessel, and bring her into the next .convenient Port or Harbour to which (he can be brought 5 and whether such Cargo shall be found to correspond with such Cocket or not, such Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and empowered to flay and remain # 5 G 2 09

779

Doubt! respect-the Limits of hovering shall not prevent Judgement against Vessel and Cargo.

Custom House Officers may batten down Hatchways of Ships bound for Ireland having Spirits, &c. uu board.

forfeiture of VrflVls under Twenty-ftve

Tons landing G'.n»d« without p?ying Dmiet,

Tf Cargoes of Ships coming from one Port to another do not agree with Invoice and Entry at the fvft Pori, Vessel .ind C <rgo may be seized.

.1

Officers of

Customs may inter Coasting Ships and compare Cirgo with Cocket*, and if they difagrre may feiee the Ship, &c.

780 C. 87.

46° GEORGII III.

A*EX 1806 i

Reputations for ^uffcranee and Crockets for CoastinjVesself

onboard all such Ships and Vessels during the Time that the same shall continue within any such Port, or within Eight Leagues as aforesaid 5 and if such Matter or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall, upon Demand by any such Officer, refuse or omit to produce such Cocket, Certificate, Let pass, or Transirc, or if any Person shall oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs in going or remaining on board any Sliip or Vessel, or in the entering or searching the Cabin or any other Part of any {uefc Ship ot Vessel, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be pot on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried from any one Port, Haven, or Creek of Ireland, to be landed at any other Place in Ireland, without a Sufferance or Warrant first had and obtained from the proper Officer of the Port where such

' Goods shall be shipped or put on board! all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be forfeited, and the Matter or other Person having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall take in any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in any Port, Haven, or Creek, in Ireland, to be landed and discharged in some other Port, Haven, or Creek thereof, shall, before the Ship or Vessel be removed from the Port or Place where he shall take in his Lading, take out a Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, as the Case may require, and enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Sum equal to the Value of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so laden or taken on board such Ship or Vessel, conditioned for the Delivery and Discharge thereof in the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered as aforesaid, or in some other Port or Place in Ireland, the Dangers and Accidents of the Seas excepted, and also conditioned to return a Certificate within Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transirc, under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Port where the same shall be landed and discharged, to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port in which such Goods shall have been put on board, that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, were landed and discharged at the Port for which the same shall have been entered, or at some other Place within Ireland; and in case any such Person as aforesaid, shall omit or neglect to take out such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, and become bound as aforesaid, such Person so neglecting or omitting, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIV. % And be it further ena&ea, That if any Ship or Vessel having departed from any Port or Place in having all Goods Ireland\ where (lie shall have obtained a Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, shall arrive at any other, abiding wi: h port Qr p]ace jn Irelaru]y not having on beard all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as shall be mentioned

in such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, or not indorsed thereon by the proper Officer, as having been landed at some other Port in Ireland, or having on board any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not mentioned in such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, then and in every such Case such Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle, Ammunition, Furniture, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and the Matter of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds. '

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, brought or earning into any Port, Haven, or Creek within Ireland\ from any other Port, Haven, or Creek within the same, bp Coast-Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, in Ships or Vessels, shall be landed or put on Shore before such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pass, or Transire, shall be delivered to the proper Officer or Officers of the Port, and a Warrant or Sufferance made and given by such Officer or Officers for the landing and discharging thereof; or, if the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize do not agree with such Cocket, Certificate, Let-pafB, or Transire, the Matter, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, out of which the Goods shall be landed or put on Shore, consenting thereunto, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Goods of foreign Growth, Product, or Manufacture, coming coattwife as aforesaid, shall be landed without the Presence of an Officer of the Customs, such foreign Goods shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Matter or other Person .having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel arriving at any Port or Place in Ireland, shall report to the proper Officer of Customs either the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel not to be landed in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the C°^e<^or or ot^er Chief Officer of such Port or Place to detain such Ship or Vessel, and such Cargo, or such

the Goflf&or to P*1* Cargo thereof as shall be so reported not to be landed, until such Matter or other Person having

Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall execute a Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties to be approved of by the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, in double the Amount of the Duty payable in Ireland on such Cargo, or Part of such Cargo; which Bond shall contain a Condition that such Cargo, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall not be landed in Ireland.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Matter of any Ship or Vessel shall report any Bales examine Bales of or other Packages of Goods, Contents unknown and not to be landed, or for Exportation from Ireland in n nt^Tnded the kme or Vessel in which they were imported, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Customs and feiz- them if to °Pen such Bales and Packages on board such Ship or Vessel so reported, and to examine the Contents they are pto- thereof; and in case it shall appear on such Examination that such Bales or Packages shall contain any Goods fcibited Goods, which are prohibited to be imported into Ireland, or are liable to Forfeiture, on being imported into Ireland\

all such Goods and the Packages thereof shall be forfeited; and in case such Goods shall not be prohibited, the same shall be chargeable with the Duties due and payable thereon, and shall not be permitted to be exported or delivered for that rurpose before the legal Duties due thereon to His Majesty are regularly paid for the same, without the particular Leave and Directions of the said Commissioners of Customs and Fort Duties, or the Collector of the Port where such Goods shall arrive 5 and all Goods found on bqard any such Ship or Vessel, which the Matter shall have omitted to specify in his Report, shall be forfeited.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Customs to go on board any Ship or Vessel being in any Port or Harbour, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast of Ireland, and to demand from the Master, Commander, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, the Cocket

granted

CoasteT* not

Cocket, forfeited; and IVnalty on Mailer, tool.

On landing of Goods brought Coastwise the Cocker, &c. shall be produerd.

Where a Cargo or Fart is reported not ro

Officer may

Officer may enter Ships outward-bound, sad compare

A.D. 18b6. +6° GEORGII III. C. 87. 781

granted for any Goods on boardfoch Ship or Vessel entered Outwards, and on the Exportation whereof any C.irgn with Person shall be entitled to arty Bounty or Drawback, and to examine whether the Cargo on board such Ship Cocker of or Vessel corresponds with the said Cocket; and if on Examination of such Goods on board such Ship or Vessel^ on°Drawb*ckC / the said Officer or Officers shall find that such Goods on board are in less Quantity than, or different in Quality &c# 9

from, the Goods specified in such Cocket so produced, in such case the Whole of such Goods so found on board such Ship or Vessel, together with the Ship or Vessel, on board of which such Goods shall be found, shall be forfeited 5 and in case no such Goods as shall be mentioned in such Cocket shall be found on board such Ship or Vessel, such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited 5 and in Case the Master, Commander, or other Person having Charge-of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to produce such Cocket, and shall have cleared out such Ship or Vessel, all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on board such Ship or Vessel, together with the Ship or Vessel, shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers, in any of the Cases aforesaid, to seize such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize found on board the same respectively, as the Case may be.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed or paid for any Goods, 09

Wares, or Merchandize exported or intended for Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain, or to the Isle of Good* to Great Many or to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sari, until a Certificate shall be produced under the Britain, Jersey, Hands and Seals of Office, from the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs for the ^ali not be Port where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof, which Certificate shall be produced Q^ificiie of within Four Months after such Goods were lo exported, and shall express the exact Weight, Measure, or landio^ihrre, Quantity respc£fcively of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so landed, with the Numbers and Marks of the unless m case f Casks, Bales, or other Packages in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be contained: Provided Good* loft at always, that in case the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were exported shall have Sca*

been detained on her Voyage by contrary Winds, or in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have perished at Sea, or shall have been taken by an Enemy or Pirate, and the same shall be respectively proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to direct Payment to be made of any Drawback or Bounty on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, on Production of such Certificate after the Expiration of the, said Four Months, or in case of such Loss or Capture then without such Certificate being produced, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that in case such Certificate shall vary as to the Measure or Quantity of any Goods, from the Amount thereof whereon Drawback or Bounty shall be claimed, and such Variation shall not exceed what shall appear to the said Commissioners a reasonable Allowance for ordinary Leakage, or accidental Diminution of Measure or Quantity, it shall be lawful for them to direct Payment of such Bounty or Drawback to be made notwithstanding such Variation.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be paid on the Exportation from Ireland of any Affidavit Goods, Wares, or Merchandize intended to be exported and declared for Exportation elsewhere than to Great required from Britain, or the Isle of Man, or the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or S ri, unless the Exporter, Merchant, °'fner and

or Person having the Direction of the Voyage, shall make and sign an Affidavit upon the Debenture Paper, J>rawYack#ona n

that he is the reid Owner, Exporter, Merchant, or Person having the Direction of the Voyage, and that such G«>d» Slipped

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize have, at the Time of making such Affidavit, been shipped fairly and without for Exportation

Fraud, and that all Duties of Customs and Excise due and payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to foreign Pa it

have been duly paid and satisfied, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, specifying the Time when and the

Place where such Duties shall have been paid, and that such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize are intended to

be exported to the Port or Place mentioned in the Entry thereof, and to no other, and that no Part thereof is

intended to be relanded in any Part of Ireland, or to be landed in Great Britain, or the Isle of Man, or the

Islands of Faro or Ferro, nor to be transshipped or put on beard any Ship or Vessel 5 and the Master or Person

having the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on board which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize

shall be shipped for Exportation, shall also make and sign an Affidavit on such Debenture Paper, that he is the

Master or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and that such Goods, Wares, and,

'Merchandize, have at the Time of the making such Affidavit been fairly shipped, and' are then actually on board such Ship or Vessel, and that he will not suffer the same or any Part thereof to be relanded in Ireland, nor to be landed in Great Britain or in the Isle of Man, or in the Islands of Faro or Ferro, nor to be transshipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel unless in case of real Distress, to save such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from perishing.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, penairy on shall permit or suffer any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be entered and shipped for Exportation, illegally relind-

' on which any Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or payable, to be relanded in any Port or Place in Ireland, or Good*; unshipped within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, or before the Arrival of such Ship at its Port of Destina- Forfeiture, and tion, unless in case of real Distress, to save the same from perishing (of which Distress the Master or Person 500 # having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel out of which such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be so unftiipped or relanded, shall immediately give Notice in Writing to, and make Proof before the Chief Officer of Customsat the Port or Place where such Gdods. Wares, and Merchandize shall be unftiipped or relanded) the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so unftiipped or relanded shall be forfeited; and the Master or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vess-1, and also the Owner of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be paid to any Person or Persons, fiUBond

nor shall any Person or Persons be entitled to receive any Drawback or Bounty upon the Exportation of any 10 on

Cooda, Wares, or Merchandize from Ireland, until the Person exporting the fame, together with Two sufficient re land, nor till

Sureties. 3* D 7*

\9(ailing.

78a C. 87.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Proof of Uoding Goods our of Ireland shall be made by ihe Party.

Report shall be made of Ships in Ball ilt Inwards or Outwards.

IIoik; but Officer* or persons litenfed shall go on board East India Ships.

Tor preventing Beats carrying Persons on board East India Ships; Penalty on refitting Officei* cool.; forging a Licence, 1000l.

Commissionprs, See. empowered to place Officett on board all Ships*

Sureties, shall eater iota* Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such Gotfds, Wares, or Merchandize, conditioned that neither the Whole nor any Part of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so to be exported shall be landed again in any Port or Place within Ireland, or in the Isle of Man, (except such Goods, Warps, and Merchandize, as may by Law be exported from Ireland to the said ffle of Mae}} or in the Ides of Faro and Ferro, unless in case of Distress; and that no such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid to sny Person or Persons until after the Expiration of ^Thirty-one Days from the failing of the Vessel on poard which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were shipped for Exportation: Provided always, that upon a Certificate being returned under the Hand and Seal of the proper Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, Plantations, or Settlements where any Officer of the Customa shall be resident, or for want of such Officer, or if such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall he landed at any foreign Port or Place, then under the Hand and Seal of the Britishi Consul or Vice-Consul residing at the Port or Place, and if there shall be no such Consul or Vice-Consul, then under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of the Port or Place, or under the Hand and Seal of Two known Merchants of the Port or Place where such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall have been landed, that the same were there landed 5 or upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer at the Port at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize were shipped for Exportation, that such Goods 1 Wares, or Merchandize were taken by Enemies or Pirates, or periffied in the Seas, such Bond shall become void and shall be cancelled; and such .Certificate shall be produced within Nine Months from the Date of such Bond, with respect to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize entered for or landed in any Part of Europe, (other than Great Britain or the Isle of Man, or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sari, ) not within the Sfreights of Gibraltar 5 and within Fifteen Months in vefpedt to Goods, Wares, or Merchandize entered for or landed in any other Part of Europe, or in any Part of Asia, Africa or America.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Bond shall be put in Suit, the Proof that such Goods were landed in Ireland, or in the Islands of Faro or Ferro, shall not lie on His Majesty, His Heirs or Successor?, but such Goods shall be deemed to have been Ended there, unless Proof shall be made of the Place at which the same were landed or put on Shore, not being within Ireland, or the 1 Hands of Faro or Ferro: Provided always, that no such Bond shall be put iu Suit at any Time beyond Three Months after the Time within which such Certificate as aforesaid for vacating the same is required to be produced; nor in case such Goods shall have been landed by Licence' from the Cofie&or or other proper Officer of the Port.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer of every Ship arriving at my Port, Harbour, or Creek, in Ireland\ or departing from any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in Ireland, in Ballad shall make a just and true Report of such Ship or Vessel Inwards or Outward? respectively, and answer upon Oath to such Questions relative to the Voyage and Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, and to the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize laden on board, or unshipped from such Ship or Vessel, as shall be put to him by the CoUe&or, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Cudoms, at the Port, Harbour, or Creek, where he shall arrive, or from whence he shall depart, and shall, if required by such Officer, produce the Ship's Papers, under the Penalty of forfeiting One Hundred Pounds for every Neglect, Omission, or Refusal so to do: Provided always, that no iVi after or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel in Ballad, making a Report as above required, shall in respect thereof be liable to the Payment of any Fee.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons0 enter on board any Ship or Vessel arriving from any Part of the East Indies or China homeward-bound, except Officers of Cudoms whose Duty obliges them to go on board such Ship, or such other Person or Persons as shall receive a Permit or Licence from the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port or Place where such Ship shall lie or be, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for every Time such Person or Persons shall go on board such Ship without such Licence as aforesaid; and if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be found open on board such Ship or Vessel, the same shall be taken Account of, and made up in proper Packages suited to the Nature of such Goods, by any Officer or Officers Actioned at the Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel shall be, which said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, when so packed, shall be corded and sealed with Lead, with the King's Arms thereon, and an Account of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so packed up, corded, and sealed as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners or Collector of the Cudoms in the Port of London, and also to the Chairman of the Court of Dirt &ors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat or Vessel shall carry to such Ships or Vessels arriving from any Part of the East Indies or China, any Persons without such Licence as aforesaid, such Boat or Vessel shall be forfeited, with all her Furniture and Tackle, and may be seized by any Officer of the Cudoms; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer of Cudoms Rationed on board such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, arriving from the E<Jl Indies or China, and they are hereby required to prevent any Person or Persons from going on board the fame, unless he, she, or they produce such Licence; and that if any Person or Persons shall refid or obstruct such Officer in doing his Duty as aforesaid, -such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall in any Case forge or counterfeit any such Licence or Permit as is herein before mentioned, or shall knowingly use or employ any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Permit, he, she, or they shall forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds for every such Offence.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel shall arrive at any Port or Place in Ireland, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Cudoms and Port Duties, or for the Collector or Surveyor of the Port, or Tide Surveyor, or other Officer appointed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties* or any of them, to place oqe or two Officers of the Customa on board such Ship or Vessel, there to remain

during

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII IIr, G. 7*3

during such Time as to such Cermratffionett* Coste&or, Surrayof, at otter Chief shall fti thfei*

Disc etion seem fit; and that from the Time any- Goods or Merchandize shall be begun to be shipped 01* put oA board any Ship or Vessel at any Port or Place in Ireland, to be carried to any Other Port within the feme, of to any Parts beyond the Seas* it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Golleftor, Surveyor, or other Chief Officer of the Port where such Goods or Merchandize shall be so put oft board such Ship or Vessel, to place ail Officer or Officers of Customs, not exceeding two in Number, on board such Ship or Vessel, there to remain for such Time as to the said Commissioners, or to such Collector, Surveyor, or Chief Officer, in their Discretion shall seem fit 5 and in case such Ship or Vessel shall have any Com or other Goods on board, which shall at the Time be prohibited to be exported, or any Goods on which any Drawback,

Allowance, or Bounty shall be payable on Proof of the landing thereof in Great Britain, then and iireveiy such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the Collector, Surveyor, or other Chief Officer, to require one such Officer to remain on board such Vessel during her Voyage, whether it be a Coasting Voyage or to Great Britain respectively.

XXXVI1L And be it further enacted, That every Master or other Person having Charge of any such Ship Walter (halt Of Vessel in the respective Cases aforesaid shall provide such Officer or Officers with good and fufneient Bed* or Hammocks to rest or deep in, under the Deck of such Ship or Vessel, and shall also provide such Officer or^ptevifoL. Officers with sufficient Food during the Time of hit or their being on board, and shall land such Officer or Officers at the Place for which such Ship or Vessel shall have cleared out, or at any other Place within the .Harbour where such Ship or Vessel shall be at the Time when such Officer shall be placed on board, as such Commissioners, Collector, Surveyor, or Chief Officer shall direct 5 and for any Neglect or Refusal in any of the Cases aforesaid, such Master or other Person as aforesaid (hah forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pound.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commanders of any at Hi* Commander* of Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer specially authorized by King'* SIiIjh them, to seize, without having any Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland for that Purpose, any?Ships or Vessels whatever, and any such Good*, Wares, and Merchandize Good* fotmd on board any Ship or Vessel as shall be subject to Forfeiture under any Act or Act sin force in Ireland\ relating to the Revenue under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, for any Offence againstlhe said Acts, or any of them; provided that the Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War ftklf m alfRefpefts, in regard to the Delivery and Prosecution of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions to which the Officers of Customs in Ireland are now or Hereafter shall be subject, in case of such Seizures made by them 5 any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Part of the Cargo of any Ship or Vessel chafed by any If any Part of Ship or Vessel in the Service of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or by any Snip or Jjj*

Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Navy, shall be thrown overboard during such Chafe, whether within or without ^yenueVcself the Limits of any Port of Ireland, or within or beyond Eight Leagues of the Shore thereof, inr every such &c# thrown9CafeAich Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, overboard, th* together with the remaining Part of such Cargo. Ship and Cargo flullbe forfeited*

XLL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, liable to Seizure or Examination, shall not Veflcb in the bring to on being required so to do, or being chafed by any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Navy, Navy, -or service having the proper Pendant and Ensign of His Majesty's Ships hoisted, or by any Vessel in the Service of the °fthe Custom*, Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, having a Pendant and Ensign hoisted with such Mark* thereon in a blue Field, as now are or shall be directed or authorized by the said Commissioners of Customs and t£f In hoisting* Port Duties to be used or worn by such Vessels at the Time, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Master, or other Pendant and Person having the Charge or Command of any such Vessel belonging to the Navy, or in the Service of the said firing a Gun*. Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to fire into such Ship or Vessel which shall not bring to after such Colours shall be so hoisted, and after a Gun shall have been fired by such Vessel belonging to the Navy, or in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, as a Signal, and such Captain, Master, or other Person, and every Person acting in his Aid or Assistance* or by his Directions, shall be and is hereby indemnified add discharged from any Penalties or Actions for Damages for so doing; and in case any Person or Persons shall be wounded, maimed, or killed by or by Means of such Firing, and in case such Captain, Master, or other Person haring the Charge or Command of any such Vessel belonging to the Navy, or in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Person acting in his or their Aid or Adi/lance^or by his or their Direction, shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted. or shall be brought before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or other Justices or Persons having competent Authority, for or on account of such wo'unding, maiming, or killing, all and every such Justice or Justices, Person or Persons, is and are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined, and required to admit every such Captain, Master, and other Person or Persons so brought before him or them as aforesaid, to Bail.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel not belonging to His Majesty's Navy, nor Penalty on Ship* being in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, nor bring otherwise authorized hoitting a Pep-by Law, shall carry or hoist any such Pendant or Ensign as hereinbefore mentioned or described, the Master d<*, r ^ot bring Or Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred authoriw, i 500b Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons on board any Ship, Boat, or Vessel being-n of in any Port, Harbour, Haven, River, or Creek, in Ireland\ or witfthr Eight Leagues of any of the Shores of Custom Hniife Ireland, shall refill, or prevent any Officer of Customs from boarding or entering into such Ship, Boat, or officer* though Vessel, or from seeing, surveying, or making Search for Goods, Wares, and Mmhandize, or shall prevent or not with Force, x hinder Ship* may be

lcixcd*

-V.

784 C. 87.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

armed for Aefiltance, shall be forfeited.

Exception as to Ships from Ameii: a, JcC. and Ships in

hinder such Officer from seizing and carrying away such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as shall or may be found therein, and which they have Authority to seize, though such Reliftance, Hindrance, or Prevention shall not be with Arms, or by Force of Arms, then and in such Cases, such Ship, Boat, or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize found therein, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by Inch Officer.

Ve lds of a

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl,

certain Built, or belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, of any other Description, lvhofc Bottoms are Clinch work, having either a Handing or running Bowsprit which Hull exceed in Length more than Two thirds of the Length of such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wh?rry, Sloop, Svuack, Yawl, or other Vessel, fipm the Fore-part of her Stem, under the Bowsprit, to the After-fide of her Stem-post aloft, and all Vessels belonging as aforesaid, the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of Three. Feet and a Half to One Foot in Breadth, and all Ships or Vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed or furnished with Arms, otherwise than as is herein after excepted, which shall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland^ or within Light Leagues of the Coast thereof, shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods, Ware$, and Merchandise, if any, which shall be laden therein, and all her Guns, Tackle, Ammunition, Furniture, and Apparel.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Ship or Vessel on a Voyage from any Tart of America, or the East or West Indies, or Africa, or the 111 and of Madeira, or the Mediterranean, (o as to subject the same to Forfeiture on account of her Built, or for haring on Bolfcc of Nav board Arms or Ammunition; nor to any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty's Navy, Victualling Office, Ouinoncc Set?' Ordnance Office. Customs, or Post Office, on account of her Built, or for having on board Arms or Ammunition; and Shipt nor to any Vessel the Owner of which shall have a Licence as herein described and directed for navigating the licensed. fame, from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being,

or from the Commissioners of Customs in Great Britain, or from the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Person authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of her Built, or for having on. board such Arms or Ammunition, as (he shall or may be licensed to have as herein after mentioned 5 nor to any. Lighters or Barges used solely uj Rivers or Inland Navigation; nor to any Ships or Vessels which shall have on board any Arms or Ammunition, which shall have been regularly entered and cleared at any Custom House in any of His Majesty's Dominions as Merchandize, or for the Use of His Majesty, or His Stores or Garrisons, and are regularly (lowed in the Hold of such Ships or Vessels, or are put on board for the necessary Use or Defence of such Ships or Vessels, by Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs as aforesaid, or any Person authorized by them to grant the fame, for or on account of such Arms or Ammunition: Provided

"No Fee for such also, and be it enacted, That no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, shall be demanded or received for any such Licence, Licence. or for registering the same as herein mentioned.

XLVL. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall specify the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and describe whether (he is a Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sioop, Smack, or xawl, and of what Sort of Built (he is, and who is or are the Owner 01 Owners thereof, and what Quantity and Number, and what Species of Arms and Ammunition (he is licensed to have on board.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Licence shall be granted, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall give sufficient Security by Bond to His Majesty, in double the Value of such Ship or Vessel, to be approved of by the Collector, Comptroller, or Chief fficer of the Customs, with Condition that the said Ship or Vessel shall not be employed in the Importation or landing of any Tea, Spirituous Liquors, or any Goods prohibited to be landed, or any other Goods clandestinely, or with Intent to evade the Payment of Duty contrary to Law, or in the Exportation of any Goods prohibited to be exported from Ireland, or in the re-, landing contrary to Law, any Goods which have been entered Outwards for Exportation, and on the Exportation whereof any Drawback, or Bounty shall be claimed.

Licences (halt be XLVII I Provided ailfo, and be it enacted, That the Owner of any Ship or Vessel which shall be licensed as TK*, ren<AWi, hf herein mentioned, shall, before such Ship or Vessel fails out of any Port, Harbour, or Creek, in Ireland, bring t c o c or of ^uck jjcencCf or cause the same to be brought to the Collector, Comptroller, or Chief Officer of Customs for the Port, Harbour, or Creek from which such Ship or Vessel is about to fail, which Licence such Collector or other such Officer of Customs is hereby required duly to register without Fee or Reward, and to endorse such Registry thereon 5 and every such Owner shall also produce the fame, or cause the same to be produced, so endorsed, to the Collector or other proper Officer of Customs of any Port, Harbour, or Creek at which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That any Licence which shall not be To endorsed, or which shall be granted without such Security as aforesaid h wing been given, and a Certificate thereof contained in the Body of such Licence, shall be null and void; and the Ship or Vessel shall be liable to Seizure and Prosecution, in the same Manner a* if no such Licence liad been given.

declared void, and Ships liable to Seizure.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley rowing, or made or built to row with more than Six Oars, shall be found upon the Water, or in any fiarge-house, Workhouse, Shed, or other Place within any Port, Haven, Harbour, or Creek in Ireland, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs, and after the Seizure and Condemnation of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Gall ey, the Col!e&or. or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the Port or Place where such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, shall be so condemned, shall cause such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, -to be burned and wholly destroyed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to

extend.

Particular* of licence.

-$e«urity by Bond.

the Port.

Licences not endoifed, or granted without 'Security,

Boats rowing with mure mail Six Oars foifcited, un'.cfs viiccofed.

C. 87. 78

extend, to any Barge or Galley in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or to any Longboat, Yawl, or Pinnace, belonging to and used in the Service of any Merchant's Ship or Vessel, or to such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, as shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Cuiloms, and Port Duties, or by such l'erson ts the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, which Licence shall be granted without any Fee or Charge; provided that no such Licence ihalbbe granted but upon sufficient Security to be given to the said Commissioners, or to the Person to be appointed by them, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the Owner or Owners of such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge, or Galley, by Bond in such. Penalty as the said Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties shall think reasonable, with Condition that the same shall not be made use of in the illegal lauding or relanding, or in attempting or aflilting so to do, of any Goods what foe ver in Ireland*

LI. And in order to ascertain the Tonnage or Burden of all Ships or Vessels, be it enacted, That in all Cases where it shall be requisite by Law to ascertain the Tonnage or Burthen of any Ship or Vessel in Ireland, the Rule for admeasuring such Ships or Vessels shall be as follows; that is to say, the Length shall be taken on a strait Line along the Rabbit of the Keel of the Ship, from the after Side of her Stcrnpost aloft to a perpendicular Line from the Forepart of the Main Stem under the Bowsprit, from which fubllradin^ Three-fifths of the Breadth of such Ship or Vessel, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just; Length of the Keel to find the Tonnage, and such Breadth shall be taken from the Outside of the outside Plank, in the broadell Part of the Ship or Vessel, be it either above or below the Main Whales, exclusive of all doubling Planks that may be wrought upon the Sides of the Ship or Vessel; then multiplying the Length of the Keel by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by Half the Breadth, and, dividing the Whole by Ninety-four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage; according to which Rule the Tonnage of all such Ships and VefleU shall be measured and ascertained.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Owners of all Gabbards, Boats, Wherries, and other Vessels not required by Law to be registered, belonging to any Port or Place in Ireland, shall paint or cause to be painted in white or yellow Roman Letters, of a Length not less than Three Inches upon, a black Ground, on fomeconfpi-cuous Part of the Stern of such Gabbard, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, provided there shall be sufficient Space for that Purpose; but if not, then in Letters as large as the Space will admit, the Name of such Gabbard, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, the Name of the Port or Place to which Ihe belongs, and the Name and Surname of the Owner or Owners; and in default thereof such Gabbard, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, with all her Tackle and Furniture shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Cuiloms.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in any Port or Place in Ireland, to which Ihe shall belong, the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and one or more of the Owners thereof, shall make Proof upon Oath, or, in case of a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, if at the Port of Dublin, or if at any other Port in Ireland, , to the Satisfaction of any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, under their Hands and Seal?, of the Lois of the Certificate of Regillry granted to such Ship or Vessel, under the Regulations of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, and if such Mailer and Owner shall like wife give the Security required by the said recited Act in case of such Loss, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, or for such Person appointed by them for that Purpose as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required in such Case, to authorize the proper Officer of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, to regiller the said Ship or Vessel denovo, and to grant a Certificate of Regillry according to the Regulations and in the Manner and r orm prescribed by the said recited Act, mentioning in such Certificate that such Regillry is made de novo, on Account of the Loss of the Certificate of the former Regillry, and specifying the Date of such former Regillry.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Fcrfbns shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be found passing in Company together in any Part of Ireland within the Space of Twenty Miles of any of the Coails thereof, knowingly and willingly having in their Custody any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize subject or liable to any Duty on the Importation thereof, which shall have been landed from any Ship or Vessel, without due Entry and Payment of the Duties by Law charged thereon, or any Goods which shall have been shipped or exported upon Debenture or Certificate, and which shall have been legally landed, every such Person, it there shall not be Five in the Whole, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanour and suffer accordingly; or if there shall be Five or more, or if any Person or Persons shall carry any offensive Arms or Weapons, or wear any VizarJ, Malk, or other Disguise, when paffine wdth any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or if any Two or more Persons shall be found assembled together, armed with Fire Arms, or other offensive Arms or Weapons, in order to be aiding and assisting, or being aiding and alfilling in running, refeuing, or illegally landing, removing, or carrying away any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or in refeuing any Person who shall be apprehended for, or in the preventing the Apprehension of any Person who shall be guilty of the said Offences, or of any Offence made Felony by any Act in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, every Person being legally convicted of such Offence, shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall for such Offence be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

LV. And, for the speedy and impartial Trial of any Offence against any Law in Force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of the Cuiloms and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excite and Taxes, or either of them, which is declared to be a Felony or Misdemeanour \ be it enacted, That every such Offence, in case the same shall be committed within 46 Geo. III. ' 5H the

Mode of afecnainng Tonnnsge of Ships in 4II Cite a.

Name of Boat, &c. not

regifleied. shall be painted on the Stern.

For regi fitting Ships de novo in case of Loss of Registry under7, 0. 3.C.

Penalty on Persons

smugglingGooda within 20 Miles of the Coast,

M fdemeanor; if more than Five in Company, 01 if difguiled or med, tkc. Felony, puoifhable by Seven Years Ti a importation.

Felonies, See. committed in the Pons nr tv-thin

Eight Leagues of

tuc ShuiO,

786 C. 87.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Ireland.

Distribution of Produce of Spirits or Tobacco feiled for iriefal Importation Iheteof.

may be tried in the Limits of any of the Ports of Ireland\ or within Eight Leagues of any Part of the Coasts thereof, shall and any County in may be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined before any Court or Courts of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in any County within Ireland, in such Manner as if the Fast had been actually committed within such County.

LVL And, for the Prevention of collusive Seizures and Sales of Foreign Spirits and Tobacco 5 be it enacted, That all Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Spirits, and all Tobacco which mall hereafter be seized and condemneds being illegally imported into Ireland, or attempted or intended so to be, shall be sold by Inch of Candle 5 and that ont of the Proauce arising by such Sale, the Amount of the duties due on the Importation of such Brandy, Geneva, Rum, or other Spirits respectively, at the Time of the Seizure thereof, shall be paid to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that in the next Place all Costs and Charges of such Sale dial] be deducted and defrayed out of such Produce, and that the Surplus, after the said Payments, or a sufficient Reservation for the fame, shall go and be to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall seize or discover, or give Information of and prove the said Offence, except in the case of Tobacco, wherein One third Part only of the Produce arising from such Sale thereof, after Payment of all Duties, Costs, and Charges as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Person or Persons who shall seize or jlifeover, or give Information of and prove the Offence with respect to such Tobacco, and the other Two-third Parts shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall knowingly harbour, keep, or conceal, or shall permit or suffer to be harboured, kept, or concealed, or shall sell or expose to falc, or shall buy any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize subject to or chargeable with any Duties upon Importation, the Duties upon which shall not have been duly paid, every such Person shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That during any War, in which the United Kingdom maybe engaged, no Pot Ashes or Pearl Ashes shall be exported from Ireland to any Place except Great Britain; and if any

Penalty on Persons concealing, felling, or buying Run Gou«s, Treble Value and foifcirure.

Pot Ashes shall

it?Thrieof°War, Ashes shall during any War be laden on board any Ship or Vessel bound to any Place except Great except r« '

Great Britain,

On Exportation of such Ashes Bond shall be liven to land them in Great Britain,

Bread or Biscuit may be exported Duty free.

Starch may be imported Duty free, when Wheat may be so imported. For ascertaining Weight of Coals according to the Contents of the Measure by which they are discharged.

Britain, or shall be exported to any Place except Great Britain, such Ashes, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so laden or exported, shall be forfeited, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That before such Ashes shall be laden on board any Ship or Vessel in Ireland, the Person exporting the same shall enter into a Bond, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, conditioned that such Ashes shall be landed in Great Britain and no where else, and upon Certificate being returned within Three Months from the Eav of the Date of such Bond, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Officer of the Port in Great Britain where such Allies shall have been landed, that the said Ashes were there landed, or upon Proof made within such Time to the Satisfaction of any One of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties that such Ashes were taken by Enemies or perished in the Seas, the said Bond shall become void and may be cancelled.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Duty whatsoever shall be paid on the Exportation from Ireland of any Bread or Biscuit, any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Importation of Wheat into Ireland shall be allowed Duty free, or on Payment of the lowed Duty, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import Starch into Ireland free of Duty.

LXII. And, for the preventing of Frauds in the Delivery of Coals imported into Ireland\ and for ascertaining the Amount of the Duty on every Ton thereof 5 be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector and Surveyor of the Customs at any Port in Ireland, where any Coals shall be imported, and for the Chief Magistrate at such Port or Place, or in case there shall be no such Chief Magistrate, then for any neighbouring Justice of the Peace, and they are hereby required, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals at any such Port, to ascertain what Weight of the Sort or Kind of Coals laden on board such Ship can be contained in the Measure by which Coals are usually discharged and sold at such Port, fact Measure being filled according to the Custom of such Port, by Heap or Strike and all Coals landed at such Port shall -be discharged uniformly by such Measure accordingly, and the Amount of Duty chargeable on such Coals shall be calculated by the Ton containing Twenty hundred Weight, according to the Number of such Measures, and the, Weight thereof respectively; Provided always, that the Matter or other Person having Charge of any Vessel in which such Coals shall be imported, may, on his Arrival at such Port, and before discharging any Part of such Coals, make a Prime Entry of the Quantity of such Coals, according to the Number of Tons contained in the Number of Chaldrons specified in the Cocket accompanying such Coals, rating each such Chaldron at the Weight of One Ton and One-eighth of a Ton at lead; and the said Matter, or other Person shall, before clearing out of such Port, deliver to the said Collector of the Customs, whether he shall have made a Prime Entry at such Port or not, a true Account upon Oath, of the Number of Measures of Coals discharged and landed out of such Ship or Vessel, and shall then make a Pott Entry of the Quantity of such Coals, entering the same by the Ton according to such Computation, and paying Duty agreeable thereto; and if any Matter shall neglect to make any such Entry, or to deliver such Account, or to pay the Duty chargeable according thereto, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to seize and detain such Ship or Vessel until the said Penalty shall be paid.

Weight when

LXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That wherever the Weight of any Measure of any Sort or Kind of fe afcetuined, Coal coming from any particular Port in Great Britain, shall have been ascertained in Manner aforesaid at any

Port

Prime Entry thereof.

Penalty on

neglecting

to

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 87. 78

Port hi Ireland, and the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland shall declare such Weight to be shall regulate all the fair Average Weight of such Measure of such Sort or Kind of Coal coming from any particular Port in Coal* of the Great Britain, the Cargoes of all Vessels laden with Coal9 coming into the said Port in Ireland, or any Part of Sort im-the District thereof, from such particular Port in Great Britain, for the Space of Six Months next after the Month, Sl* Time when such Weight shall have been so ascertained, or until such Declaration shall be revoked, shall be discharged, and shall pay Duty according to such Weight and Measure so ascertained and declared as aforesaid 5 and that an Account of the respective Weights of the several Sorts or Kinds of Coals, which such Measures filled in Manner aforesaid shall be capable of containing, and ascertained in Manner aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be signed by the respective Surveyor or Collector and such Magistrate as aforesaid, and a Copy thereof shall be from Time to Time hung up and remain in the Long Room of the Custom House of such Ports respectively.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all foreign Hops imported into Ireland at a Time when the middle Foreign H>p* Price of British Hops imported into Ireland, ascertained as herein directed, shall not exceed the Sum of Nine Pounds Irish Currency by the Hundred Weight, shall, upon the landing thereof, be lodged in the Presence of 3^ Hop* the proper Officer of the Customs in any of His Majesty's Warehouses, at the Expence and Risk of such arc 91. irish Importer or Proprietor, and the same shall not be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses except for Currency ptt Exportation, unless and until it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Cwt»

Duties that the middle Price of British Hops imported into Ireland shall exceed the Sum of Nine Pounds Irish Currency by the Hundred Weight: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time make Enquiry, and whenever it shall appear to them that the middle Price of British Hops imported into Ireland shall exceed the Sum of Nine Pounds Irish Currency by the Hundred Weight, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to give Notice in the Dublin Gazette, that the middle Price of such Hops doth exceed the said Sum of Nine Pounds by the Hundred Weight; and in such Case it shall be lawful, for the Space of Three Months after the Date and Publication of such Notice, for the Proprietor or Importer of foreign Hops so warehoused, to take the same out of such Warehouse on Payment of the Duty imposed thereon by Law, and of the Expence of warehousing 5 and for any Person to import foreign Hops without warehousing the same.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Con'um shall be Allowin'* for made for the Weight of every Bag or Pocket in which Hops shall be imported from Great Britain or elsewhere, Tar* of Hop for the Tare of such Bag or Pocket.c-

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Sheeps* Skins tanned with Bark which shall be imported into Sheep 5^, , Ireland, shall be entered as Bafils, and shall be charged with Duty accordingly. tmnrd with

Btrk deemed B-t ft! Leather.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Linens made in Germany or Silesia, and afterwards bleached in Si|e^a j-non# Holland, and imported from thence into Ireland, shall be rated as Holland Linens, and pay the Duties payable by bleached in Law on the Importation of Holland Linens. Holland shall be considered as Holland.

LXVIII. And Whereas Frauds have been frequently committed by entering several Species of Manufactures Regulation*

made of Cotton at a lower Rate of Duty than by Law they should be entered; be it enacted, That all respeaing i>uty Manufactures made of Cotton of the like Species of Manufacture as Calico, Muffin, or Muflinet, whether the cottooi* same or any Part thereof be stained or dyed before Or after the Weaving thereof, by whatever particular Name the same now arc or hereafter shall be denominated, shall fall under the Description of and pay Duty as Calicoes, Mullins, or Muflinets, printed, painted, or stained.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall make use of any Salt in the Process of Allowance #f bleaching Linen, or in the making of Muriatic Acid which shall be used in the Process of bleaching JLinen, Duty fur Salt such Person shall be entitled to receive, and the Collector of the Customs in the District within which such Salt yfc<*10 shall have been imported or made, shall repay to such Person all Duties which shall have been paid on the said Salt, on his making it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, that such Salt had paid all Duties due thereon, and had been made use of in the Process of bleaching Linen, or in the making of Muriatic Acid for that Purpose.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall import into Ireland any Crude Brimftcme, Drawback om Saltpetre, or Green Vitriol, and shall make use of the same in making Oil of Vitriol, Aquafortis, or Nitrous Brim Hone and Acid, such Person shall be entitled to receive, and the Collector of the Port or District within which such Crude Brimstone, Saltpetre, or Green Vitriol, shall have been imported, shall repay to such Person all such JJ Vitriof acd Duties as have been paid by him on the Importation thereof, on his making it appear to the Satisfaction of the Aquafortis. Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, that such Crude Brimstone, Saltpetre, or Green Vitriol, had been used in making Oil of Vitriol, Aquafortis, or Nitrous Acid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Salt of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland shall be shall be exported from Ireland (except to Newfoundland in manner herein after mentioned) in any Ship or otij[

Vessel of less Burthen than One hundred Tons; and that all such Salt shall be exported in Bulk only, and not Qnc bundled in Bags or Sacks; and that on the Exportation from Ireland of any such Salt, the Person exporting the same Tons; (ei-shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors* with sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of cept; o New-^Fifteen Shillings for every Bnffiel of Salt, reckoning Fifty-six Pounds to every Bushel, that shall be shipped or ^undand) put 011 board such Ship or Vessel, with Condition that the same or any Part thereof shall not be landed in^fl|an*noi* Great Britain or the Isle of Man, but that the same shall really and truly be exported to other Parts beyond he Unded in the Seas; and that a Certificate of such Salt having been landed at or in a foreign Port, shall be returned Great Briuwr within the Space of Nine Calendar Months from the Date of the said Bond, under the Seal of Office of the'&c.

5 Hi Chief

7«8

Rrgulatipg Bord md Cocker for Sa t rariicd Coastwise.

All Salt brought

on the Coast shall pay Duty, or be warehoused within a.8 Hour*; Pvndty, Forfeiture of the Salt*

Allowances for Salt used in curing Fish.

Sal may

Sanded and ware I.oufed on Bond to pay lay witbm ii Months.

C. 87. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.v

Chief Magistrate in some Pott or Place beyond the Seas, or under the Hand and Seal of the British Cpnful rdiding at such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two British Merchants then bring at such Port or Place, that such Salt was there landed j and on Return and Delivery of such Certificate, such Bond ^hereby declared void, and shall be cancelled.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, Vessel or Boat, lad^n or partly laden with Salt to be carried Coastwise from one Part of Ireland to another Part thereof, shall be iuii"*rcd to depart fron. the Put or Place where such Ship, Vefll-1, or Boat shall take in her Lading, until the Matter, Purler, or other Persondiaving Charge of the said Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall take and receive from the Chief Officer of the said Port or hi* Deputy, a Cocket under the Hand of such Officer, expressing the Quantity of such Salt which shall be so shipped to be earned Coastwise, and shall also enter in a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every such Bushel of Salt, reckoning Fifty-six Pound, to the Bushel, with Condition that all the fa; d Salt shall be delivered and discharged in the Port or Place to which the said Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be de(lined, or in some other Port or Place in Irrundy and not elsewhere, the Dangers of the Sea3 excepted; and that such Matter, Purser, or other Person hiving Charge of such Snip, Vessel, or Boat, shall return a Certificate of the Landing thereof within Three Calendar Months next Cnfiling the Date of the said Cocket, under the Hands and Seai3 of the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, his or their Deputy or Deputies, in the Port or Place where such Salt shall be landed or discharged; and from and after the Return of such Certificate, such Bonds shall become void and shall be cancelled: Provided always, that if any Salt so shipped for Exportation or to be carried Coastwise, or any ('art thereof, shall peritti or be loft at Sea, or shall be taken by Enemies or Pirates at Sea, or (Hall be stranded, and peritti or be loft thereby, and the same shall be duly proved lo the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Fort Duties, the Bonds entered into in respect of such Salt shall thereupon become void and shall be cancelled: Provided also, that it shall be lawful to ship in any Ship or Vessel as much Salt as maybe necessary for the Provitton of the Crew of any such Ship or Vessel for their Voyage, without entering into such Bond, upon taking a Cocket in manner aforesaid of the Quantity of such Salt, and the Purposes for which it rs put on board; and also that it shall and may be lawful to ship. as much Salt as may be necessary for curing of Fitti, or exporting to Newfoundland in manner herein after mentioned.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Salt brought on the Coast of Ireland, or within Three Leagues thereof, shall be subject to the same Duty that such Salt would be subject to if the same wasaflually landed in Ireland; and in case any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with Salt on board, shall be on any Part of the Coast of Irelandr, or within Three Leagues thereof, for the Space of Forty-eight Hours, and the Person having the Command of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not invoice the said Salt and pay the Duty for the fame, or shall not within the said Space of Forty-eight Hours duly enter the same for the Purpose of being warehoused, according to the Provisions herein after contained, then and in every such Case all such Salt shall be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of the Customs to seize all such Salt as shall be found on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and to detain such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in which such Suit shall be so found, until the said Salt shall be unladen.

LXXIV. And, in order to encourage the Fisheries of Ireh ndy be it enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to every Person who shall proceed to fish on the Crafts of Ireland, and shall cure Fish caught on the said Coasts, such Sum as shall be equal to the Duty on the Quantity of Salt used in the curing such FHh; and the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall with all convenient Speed form a Schedule or Table of the several Sums which shall appear to them proper to be allowed in respect of the Quantities of the several Species of Fish which shall be mentioned in such Schedule or Table, as a Compensation for the Duties on the Quantities of Salt used in curing the same respectively; and that so feon as such Schedule or Table shall be formed, and signed by Four or more of the said Commissioners, and shall be approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Onice of Lord High Treasurer in Ireland, the several and respective Sums which shall be set 'forth and mentioned in such Schedule or Table, shall be respectively paid to the respective Persons who shall have caught, cured, and landed any such Fiffi respectively in Ireland, which Payment shall be made by the Collector of the Port in which such Fitti shall be landed: Provided always, that Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties shall be made of the Quantity of Fitti caught, cured, and landed, and that the same was caught on the Coasts of Ireland, and cured with Salt made in or imported into Ireland: Provided also, that no such Sum shall be paid or allowed unlef9 due Entry be made of all such Salt laden on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in any Port of Ireland, for the Purpose ot curing Fitti therewith, nor unless Bond be given to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, (which Bond the Collector and Comptroller of the Port is hereby empowered to take) by the Mailer of the Ship, Vessel or Boat, on board which such Salt shall be so laden, with two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Fifteen Shillings for every Bufticl of such Salt, conditioned that such Salt shall be used in curing Fitti, and that due Proof shall be made thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or that the same shall be relanded at some Port in Ireland\ and that a Certificate of the landing thereof at such Port within Six Months after the Date of such Bond, and within One Month after the relanding of the fame, shall be produced to the Collector of the Port where such Salt was so laden.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any foreign Salt, or any Salt of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, which shall be duly and fairly imported into Ireland in any Quantity not less than Fifty Bushels, upon due Entry thereof, may forthwith, and before Payment of all or any Part of the I?uty payable on the Importation thereof, be landed at such Ports or Places in Ireland as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port D .tiesmay from Time to Time direct and allow, in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs it such Port, from ©n board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, any Thing herein before

contained

e

A.D. 1 Pc6.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 8r.

789

contained to the contrary not withft u: -ling; and that such Salt so landed for the Purpose of warehousing, shall be weighed, and earned ami put i»n His Majesty's Warehouse, or into such other Import Warehouse, Stor-'house or Cclnr, as shall be f. .r tlm Purpose provided, and shall be approved by the said Commissioners of Cust; ms and Port Duties, ot by the Co"tror or Surveyor of the Port, at the Expence and Rifle of the respective Proprietors or Import*: of such Soil, and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties ilia!' 'n Time to Time direct and appoint; and that the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Importer or Importers of ft.o' Salt, fhr.il give good and sufficient Bond or Security, to be also app'oved df by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the' Collector or Comptroller of the Port, in Double the Amount of the D rtv payable by Law on the Importation of any such Salt, conditioned for the Payment of all such Duty as In all be pay-ble on all such Salt at the Time of taking the same out of Warrhouse, before such Salt shall be taken out of \V: .; ehou-c, in case the feme draft be so taken out within Twelve Calendar Months; or in case that such Salt shall not he so taken out of Warehouse within inch Twelve Calendar Months, then for the Payment of inch Duty at ihe Expiration of such Twelve Calendar Months, which Duties shall be charged according to the Quantity of such Salt, as the same shall be ascertained by the proper Officer at the Time when such Salt shall be landed and warehoused as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no such Salt shall be put into or delivered out of any such Warrhouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, in any less Quantity at One Time than Fifty BusheL, and when and so often as the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors of such alt shall be desirous or have Occasion to put any such Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, he, she, or they shall give Twenty-four Hours previous Notice thereof, in Writing to the Storekeeper or other proper Officer, specifying in such Notice the Day and Hour of the Day when he, she, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any such Salt into, or to take or deliver the same out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, and the Quantity of Salt intended to be put into, or delivered out of the fame; and such Storekeeper or other Officer is hereby authorised and required to attend in pursuance of every such Notice, for the Purpose of receiving or delivering and taking Account of the Quantity of such Salt accordingly: Provided always, that no Salt shall be received' into or delivered out of any such Warehouse, except between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so warehousing such Salt, shall desire to take the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption before the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the same shall have been so warehoused, it shall and may be lawful for such Person so to do, on paying to the Colie£or of the Customs at the Port the full Amount of the Duty then payable on the Importation of any such Salt, according to the Quantity of such Salt so warehoused, as the same shall have been ascertained at the Time of its being warehoused, and upon the Production of the Collector's Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper, it shall be lawful for him to discharge the said Salt, and to deliver the same to the Owner thereof, or to his Order, under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties may from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons within Twelve Calendar Months after the Importation and landing of such Salt, to take, tree of Duty for the Purpose of immediately exporting the same in any Ship or Vessel of not less Burthen than Forty Tons to Newfoundland for curing Fish to be there caught, any Quantity of such Salt not ltfs than Fifty Bushels at any One Time from and out of any such Storehouse, Warehouse, or Cellar, at the Ports of Waterford, Ross, Cork, Limerick, and Toughally upon the Person or Persons so taking out such Salt tirft giving such and the like Bond and Security as herein before is required and directed respecting Salt exported, and the giving such Bond or Security, together with the Exportation of such Salt for Newfoundland, shall vacate the former Bond or Security entered into on the warehousing of such Salt, so far as the same relates to the Quantity of such Salt so taken out of such Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar, and exported for Newfotmdlandy as aforesaid: Provided always, that such former Bond shall be and remain in Force and Effetft as to a\l the Salt specified therein, or to which the same shall relate, except the particular Quantity or Quantities thereof so taken out and exported for Newfoundland as aforesaid: Provided also, that such Bond so given on the Exportation of such Salt shall be vacated, upon the like Certificate as is herein-before required with respect to all other Salt exported.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons importing Salt in any Vessel arriving in the Harbours of Waterford, Rofoy Cork, Limerick, or Toughally after Invoice and Entry of the fame, and within Twenty-one Days after the Arrival of fu^h Salt at such Port, and with the Consent of the said Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, to transship such Salt, or any Part thereof, in the Presence of the Officer or Officers to be appointed for that Purpose, without landing or warehousing the fame, and without Payment of any Duty on the importation thereof, and to lade the same in the Presence of any such Officer or Officers on board any Ship or Vessel clearing out from the said Ports for the Newfoundland Fishery: Provided always, that the Persons so transshipping such Salt shall, before commencing the Transihipment thereof, give Bond for the due Exportation thereof to Newfoundland\ under the like Regulations as herein-before is directed with respect to Salt which shall have been warehoused and taken out of Warehouse for Exportation to Newfoundland.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Entry shall be made of any Raw Silk under the Name* or Description of Raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of His Majesty^ Colonies or Plantations, or Raw SiIk. of the Growth or Produce of the United States of America, such Silk so entered not being of such Growth or Produce, or being mixed with any Raw Silk not of such Growth or Produce, all such Silk so entered, and the Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and the Person making Entry thereof shall forfeit the Sum of

Fifty

Notice of warehousing Suit <>r dicing the same out ot Warehouse.

Salt may he taken out on payment of Duty*

Salt may be taken out of Warehouse and5 exported Dutyfree to Newfoundland.

Salt may he transshipped at* certain Ports without b ing warehoused.

Raw Silk, nor

being of British Piandti , n$, and* entered ai such, shall be forfeited*, and Penalty 50V

79© C. 87.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Plantation Spirit! (h .11 H»e imported only in Ships of Seventy Tom or upwards, and o*her foicign Spirits in Ships of One hundred Tons or upuaidr.

Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that if any Doubt shall arise whether such Raw Silk, or any Part thereof, he of such Growth or Produce, the Proof shall lie on the Owner or Claimcr thereof, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America shall be imported or brought into Ireland either from the said Colonies or Plantations, or from Great Britciny in any Ship or Vessel under the Burthen of Seventy Tons, or if any foreign Brandy, strong Waters, or other Spirits shall be imported or brought from any Port or Place whatsoever in foreign farts into Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel under the Burthen of One hundred Tons, except only a Quantity for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ships and Vessels respectively, and not exceeding Two Gallons for each of such Seamen, every such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, and also all such Rum, Brandy, strong Waters, or other Spirits, shall in each and every such Case he forfeited, and may be seized.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits, except the Spirits called Shrub, shall be imported into Ireland with which Sugar, Sugar Candy, Syrup, or other faccarine or glutinous Substance shall be mixed* such Spirits so mixed, together with the Calks or Vessels in which the same shall be contained, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance or Abatement shall be made of any Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other foreign Spirits imported into Ireland, on account of any Increase or supposed Increase of Strength or Quantity by reason of the Heat of the Weather, or on account of the Space occupied by the measuring Rule, or of what is commonly called the Wet-dip.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed upon the Exportation of any Brandy or other foreign Spirits which shall be e < ported from Ireland in Calks or Vessels containing less than One hundred Gallons each, or which shall be shipped on board any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than One hundred Tons; and that no Drawback shall be allowed upon the Exp i tation of any Spirits distilled in Ireland which shall be exported in Calks or Vessels containing less than One hundred Gallons, each, or which shall be shipped ou board any Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than Seventy Tons; nor upon the Exportation of any Spirit whatever, which shall be shipped to be confutned on Shipboard, or for any other Purpose than as Merchandize.

NoSpirits mixed with Sugir shall be imported.

Nd Allowance n Importation

of Spirits for Heat or Wet-dip.

No Drawback, on foreign Spirits exported inCafks less than too Gall(<ns, or \ cflVIs less than 100 Tony; or Irish in Caikt less than 100 Gallons, or Vessel* less than 70 Tons.

Regulation for shipping Irish Spirits, for Exportation (not having been warelnm'eri) to foreign Pam.

Shrub shall pay Duty as Angle Spit its.

Colonial Certificate shall be produced by S'dps with Sugars, or such Sugar! shall be charged a« foreign.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That Spirits distilled in Ireland, and not warehoused for Exportation* shall nut be exported from any Port in Ireland, except from a Port at which such Spirits might by Law be warehoused for Exportation; and that before such Spirits shall be shipped for Exportation to any Place except Great Britain, Twenty-four Hours Notice thereof shall be given by the Person intending to export the fame, to the Surveyor of the Customs at the Port from which such Spirits are intended to be exported; and the proper Officers of the Customs shall attend the shipping of such Spirits, and shall take an Account of the Quantity and Quality thereof; and before any Permit shall be granted by the proper Officer of the Customs for the shipping any Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, the Person applying for such shipping Permit, if he or she be the Distiller of such Spirits, shall make and sign an Affidavit before such Officer, that the full Duty payable by Law has been paid for all the Spirits so intended to be shipped; and every Distiller making such Oath, shall produce the Gauger's Permit for removing the said Spirits from the Distillery of such Distiller, which Permit such Officer of the Customs shall keep; and if such Spirits shall be exported by any other Person than the Distiller thereof, then and in such Cale such Person shall produce to such Officer of the Custom the Permit of the proper Officer for the Removal of such Spirits to the Port or Place at which the same shall be intended to be shipped, together with the Certificate upon the Credit of which such Permit was granted 5 and such Person shall also make and sign an Affidavit of the following Import; to wit. That the Spirits so intended to be shipped were received by him or her by virtue of some legal Permit or Permits, on which the Certificate so produced wai granted to such Person, and that the full Duty payable by Law has been paid for all the Spirits so intended to be (nipped, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and such Officer of the Customs shall, in either of the said Cases, grant a Permit annexed to or at the Foot of every such Affidavit, for shipping the Quantity of such Spirits required 5 and before any Drawback shall be paid for any such Spirits so shipped for Exportation, the Quantity and Quality, or Degree of Strength thereof, and the Contents- of each Calk, shall be certified upon the Debenture Paper by the Surveyor and other Officer who shipped and gauged the fame; and the Person exporting the same shall make and sign an Affidavit before the Collector, Comptroller, or Chief Officer of the Port from whence the same shall be exported, of the Quantity of Spirits so shipped, and the Ship and Matter's Name, and to what Place bound; and that all such Spirits so shipped for Exportation shall be subject and liable to all such other Rules and Regulations as are in this Act contained, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shipped for Exportation to foreign Parts.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Shrub or other mixed Spirits imported into Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be Angle Spirits, or Spirits perfectly made, and shall pay the highest Duty which single Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Place from which such Shrub shall be imported are liable to, unless the same shall appeal by the Hydrometer to be of a Strength greater than single Spirits

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Arrival oT any Ship or Vessel from any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, with Sugars on board, at the Port of her Discharge in Ireland, the Matter or other Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time he makes his Report of the Cargo, deliver to the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of Customs, such Certificate as is required to be given by the Matter of such Ship lading in and to fail from any of the said Colonies to Great Britain, and make Oath that the Goods so imported are the same that are mentioned in the said Certificate,

or

X

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 87.

791

or in default thereof fnaU forfeit One hundred Pounds; and all Sugars imported without such Certificate shall be deemed to be foreign Sugars, and not of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the Britifu Colonies, and shall pay Duty accordingly.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all clayed Sugar shall be deemed Muscovado Sugar within the Meaning of this or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland; and if any Sugar shall be imported Into Ireland, as being of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the WefiTlndies, without being included in such Certificate, and that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, that such Sugars are really th, e Product, Growth, or Manufacture of any such Colonies or Plantations, and that no Fraud was intended, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to permit such Sugars to be entered, upon Payment of the like Duties as the same would be liable to if they wer* attended with and included in such Certificate.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback or Bounty shall be allowed upon any Sugar which shall be refined in Ireland, and be exported f rom thence, unless the same shall be exported in the Loaf complete and whole, being net; that is to say, of one uniform Whiteness throughout, and shall have gone through the Operation of Two or more Clays since it was lad in the Pan, and shall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stove, according to the present Practice of refining, or upon such refined Sugar called Bastards, or ground, powdered, or refined Sugar, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, unless the same shall have been twice clayed and properly dried in a Stove, or upon any Candy, unless properly refined and manufactured, and freed from Dirt or Scum.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any refined Sugars, commonly called Lumps, being in Loaves, shall have gone through the Operation of Three Clays at lead mice they were last in the ran, and shall be net, and shall nave been thoroughly dried in the Stove in the Manner herein-before directed, though such Loaves be exported without the small Ends or Tips, they shall be deemed complete and whole within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Exporter or Exporters of the Dame mall receive the Drawback or Bounty accordingly.

XCl. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the Customs shall upon View or Examination, either before or after the shipping, find that any Sugar or Candy which shall be entered for Exportation in order to obtain the Bounties or Drawback thereon, shall be less in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter's Entry, or entered under a wrong Denomination, or if such Sugars shall not be respectively refined in the Manner before directed, or if such Candy be not properly refined and manufactured, and freed from Dirt or Scum, all such Sugars or Candy shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by such Officer.

XCl!. And be it further enacted, That before any Drawback cw Bounty shall be paid for any of the Sugars or Candy herein-before mentioned, being of the Manufacture of Ireland, or any Debentures made out for the fame, the Refiner or Refiners not being the Exporter or Exporters o* such Sugars or Candy, shall make an Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of the Port from whence such Sugars or Candy shall be exported, or where such Sugars or Candy were refined, that he, she, or they fold such Sugars or Candy, expressing the Quantity and Time when fold, to the Person or Persons intending to export the fame, and that such Sugars have respectively gone through the Operations herein-before expressed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the Stove, or that such Candy has been properly refined and manufactured, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act 5 and that he, she, or they verily believes or believe such Sugars or Candy were produced from Brown or Muscovado Sugars, of the Growth or Product of His Majesty's Plantations in America or the iVeB Indies, and imported from thence or from Great Britain, and that the several Duties payable thereon were duly paid; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars or Candy shall then make Oath before such Collector or Comptroller that such Sugars or Candy, for which such Bounty or Drawback is then claimed, are the identical Sugars or Candy, or Part thereof, which were sold to him or them as aforesaid by such Refiner or Refiners; and before the Money due upon such Debenture or Debentures shall be paid, such Exporter or Exporters shall make Oath, in the Manner herein directed, that such Sugars or Candy have been duly exported, and the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port respectively from which such Sugars or Candy shall be exported, shall certify that the same have been fairly shipped, and all other Requisites duly performed; and whenever the Refiner or Refiners of such Sugars or Candy shall be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, such Exporter or Exporters shall then make Oath or Affirmation in Manner aforesaid, as well or the due Exportation of the fame, as of the several Particulars herein-before directed to be sworn by such Exporter or Exporters, excepting what relates to the Sale of the said Sugars or Candy, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament for granting Additional Duties of Excise* as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse; and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee, as enacte, That the Certificate of the due landing in Ireland of any Quantity of Tea exported from England shall be produced to and left with the proper Collector of the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively, within Two Months after the Date of the Bond or Security, given or entered into in respect of the Exportation of such Tea, and that it shall be a Condition of such Bond that such Certificate shall be actually produced to and left with such Collector of the Customs and Officer of Exbife respectively within such Two Months after the Date as aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall dye, fabricate, or manufacture any Sloe Leaves, Liquorice Leaves, or the Leaves of Tea that have been used, or the Leaves of any other Tree, Shrub, or Plant in Imitation of Tea, or shall mix, colour, stain, or dye such Leaves or Tea with Terra Japonica, Sugar, Melasses, Clay, Logwood, or with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, or shall

9 kll>

Clayed Sugars deemed M.if-covadvi: OnProof that no Fraud is intended, Sugar* may be entered as of the Plantation*, rhough not included in such Certificate.

What shall be confirmed a* refined Su«*>ef and entitled to Bounty.

Loaves of Sugar deemed complete without the Tips.

Sugar or Candy not duly refined. Sec. may be seized, and shall be forfeited.

Evidence on Oath of Refiner and Expoiter of refined Sugars that Duties 00 Raw Sugars ware duly paid.

43 G. 3. c. ta9.

§ 2. as to Certificate of landing Tea in Ireland repealed.

[See 41 G. 3.

75-

Penalty on dying Sloe Leaves, ice.

and mixing them with Tea, 10l. per Ih. and Forfeiture.

Toh.icco mny he imported only at certain Purr* enumerated.

Spit it*, Te.'iS, Wines, and Cotter, may l>c implied only at Tobacco Pujts.

Tnl>acco of the Growth of Russia 01 Turkey may he impolled into N Tobacco Port* in Ireland, and varchoused and expoited as Tobacco of the United States of America.

Allowance for Draft, Sec. of Tobacco.

Pot tugal Wine*may be im pot ted in Hogsheads only.

Unmerchantable Wore may be spilled.

All Wines (h til hr entered as

lined. Ptif ge.

G. 87. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

fell, vend, litter^ or iffer or expose to Sale, or shall have in hi?, lier, or their Custody or Possession any such dyed, fabricated, or manufactured Leaves in Imitation of Tea, or any such coloured, (lained, or dy ed Leaves, or Tea mixed with any of the Ingredients before-mentioned, or with any other Ingredient whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall respectively for every Pound of such Leaves so died, fabricated, or manufactured in Imitation of Tea, and for every Pound of such mi ed, coloured, stained, or dyed Leaves and Tea, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and all such Leaves and Tea shall be forfeited and may be*fei/ed.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import any Tobacco at any Port or Place in Ireland, save and except the Ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, AVcvry, Rclfajl, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, Tough nil, Waterford, IVexfad, Kinftde, and S francford; and ir any Ship or Vessel shall be found within the Limits of any other Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek within Ireland, having Tobacco on board in any Packages whatsoever, or shall be discovered so to have been, fgve only and except in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress, (of which Necessity and Distress the Mailer, Purler, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vend, shall immediately, after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in such Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek, give Notice in Writing, and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs resident at such Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive), such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, and also the Tobacco on board, shall be forfeited,

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import any Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits, or any Teas, Wines, or Coffee, without Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties, or some Officer appointed by them for the Purpose of granting such Licence, at or into any Place or Port in Ireland, save only such Places or Ports where Tobacco may by Law be imported, and the Ports of the Shire Towns of Counties, and the Ports of Hew Ross, Coleraine, Westport, and Larne; and if any Ship or Vessel shall be found within the Limits cf any other Port, Haven, or Creek within Ireland, having Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits, or any Teas, Wines, or CofFee on board, in any Packages whatsoever, without a Coast Cocket for such Goods, or without a Licence as aforesaid having been previously obtained, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress, (of which Necessity and Distress the Master, Purser, or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in such Port, Haven, or Creek, give Notice in Writing, and make Proof before the Collector, and other Chief Officer of Customs at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive), such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Tackle, Furniture, Ammunition, and Apparel, and also all Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits, Teas, Wines, or CofFee on board, shall be forfeited: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to have so much Tea, Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, as shall not exceed in Quantity Two Gallons of Spirits* and One Pound of Tea for every Seaman.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to import directly from the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Emperor of Rujfa, and the Ottoman or Turhish Empire, or through Great Britain respectively, in British or Irish built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, into any of the Ports in*Ireland, into which Tobacco may by Law be imported, and to enter, land, and lodge or secure in any Warehouse or Warehouses provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in Ireland, any Tobacco being the Growth or Product of auy of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions, and that such Tobacco may be exported from Ireland in like Manner, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco of the Growth or Product of the United States of America may be exported from Ireland, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland respectively at the Time; and the Exporter of such Tobacco, being of the Growth or Product of any of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions, shall, upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Ireland, and exported according to Law, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are severally and respectively allowed upon the same Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Groyvth or Product of the United States of ylnurica^ legally exported from Ireland.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That an Allowance at the Scale shall be made of Eight Pounds for Draft of every Package that shall contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight of Tobacco or more, and Two Pounds for every such Package for Nailage, which Allowance on Tobacco shall not be deducted on Exportation

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Wine of the Growth or Produce of Portugal shall be imported into Ireland, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Bottle, Jar, Cask, or other Vessel which shall not contain Sixty-three Gallons at lead, upon £ain that all such Wine, and the Bottle, Jar, Cask, or Vessel in which such Wine shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

C. And be it further enacted, That in case any Merchant or other Person shall find his Wine, or any Part thereof, in his Judgement so damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, as not to be worth the Duties, in such Case such Merchant shall have Liberty, immediately after the Landing the said Wines in Ireland, to stave and spill the same in the Preferice of such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port where the said Wines shall be imported; and that the Merchant so staving and fpiiling such Wines shall be repaid the whole Duty paid by him for the fame, without any Delay, Charge, Fee, or Deduction, on any Pretence whatsoever.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all Wines imported into Ireland (Wall be entered and charged with Duty as filled Wines and not otherv/ife, without any Allowance thereon for Leakage or otherwise: Provided

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 87. 793

always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter the Prisage or Butlerage of Wine upon the Importation of the same.

CII. And, for securing the Duty on Wood imported into Ireland, be it enacted, That every Importer or Regulations for Proprietor of Wood so imported, and subject to Duty by the Load of Fifty cubic Feet, or by the Ton, shall difclur^ing and give Twenty-four Hours Notice to the Surveyor or Land waiter appointed to attend the Discharge of the Ship P|»y, nS Duty on or Vesselin which such Wood shall be imported, of the Time and Place when and where the Admrafurement of 00 imPorlc the same is. intended to take place, and such Admeasurement shall not take place at any other Time than between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, unless with Consent of the Officers attending; and such Importer or Proprietor mall cause all such Wood to be so placed, as to enable the Officer or Officers of the Customs, and his and their Assistants, with Ease and Convenience, to take the Dimensions of every Piece of Wood so imported; and no such Wood shall be earned or conveyed away by such Importer or Proprietor, nor shall be discharged before it shall be so measured, and the Dimensions thereof taken by the Officer, and the Duty thereon paid according to Law; and if any Importer or Proprietor of such Wood shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or to afford such Assistance to the Officer or Officers as is herein required, or shall carry or convey away any such Wood before the same shall be so measured by the Office.1, and the Duty be paid as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Importer or Proprietor shall forfeit and pay the Sunv of Two hundred Pounds.

CIII. And be it further ladled, That all Lamb Skins and Wool of Lamb Skins may be separately Exportation of (Reported j and no Lamb Skins whether flink or slaughtered, from which the Wool shall not have been taken. Lamb Skins and shall be exported from Ireland to any Place whatsoever except Great Britain, under the Penalty of the For* Lambs Wool, feiture thereof.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Wine shall be landed or entered on Bill of View, Duties on Wine the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee thereof shall not remove such Wine until an Account tlier of shall be I «nded on Bill taken, and the Quantity and Quality thereof ascertained by the proper Officer, and thereupon such Wi.ie shall v, e" be laid up or stored in His Majesty's Warehouses at the Rilk and Expence of such Importer, Proprietor, or secur<d*

Consignee, and in case such Wine shall not be removed and taken away by the Importer, Proprietor, or Gonfignee thereof, and all Duties thereon duly paid and satisfied within Fourteen Days after such Account shall have been so taken, and the Quantity and Quality ascertained, and the same shall have been stored as aforesaid, the Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee of such Wine, shall within the said Fourteen Days enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two, Sureties in Double the Amount of such Duties conditioned for Payment of such Duties within Two Years after the Date of such Bond, which Bond the Collector and Comptroller of the Port where such Wine shall be so landed is hereby empowered to take: And in case the said Bond for securing the said Duties shall not be given in Manner aforesaid within the said Fourteen Days, or in case all the Duties payable on such Wine shall not be paid before the Expiration of the said Two Years, then, and in either of such Cases, ' it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port, to cause all such Wine to be publickly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle as soon as conveniently they can, after the said Fourteen Days or Two Years respectively, and after such Sale the Produce thereof shall be first applied towards the Payment of Duties and of the Storeage and all other Charges thereon, and the Overplus, if any, shall be rendered and paid to the Proprietor, or the Person lawfully authorized-to receive the same t Provided always, that One Month's Notice of such Sale shall be given in such Manner as is required with respect to the Sale of other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize landed on Bill of View.

CV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Wine imported into Ireland may be exported from Drawback on

thence at any Time within Five Years from the Importation thereof, and the Drawbacks and Allowances on the JjPJ be

Exportation of such Wine shall and may be paid and allowed at any Time during such Five Years; any Thing Jibin' Five"*in any Act or Acts in farce in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding. Year*. [See

45 G. 3. c. iS §25.]

CVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and n?ay be lawful for any Person who shall have deposited any Wine or Sugar in any of His Majesty's Warehouses in Ireland, by virtue of this Act, or any Act or Acts in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, to export such Wines and Sugar without Payment of any Duties thereon } any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance or Sum of Money by Bills, usually called Portage Bills, shall be paid to any Master of any Ship or Vessel; any Law* Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Officers of Customs shall give constant and due Attendance in their respective Offices, Stations, and Businesses, and at the Custom House Quays and Stores, from the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon to the Hour of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day in the Year, Sund >ys and Holidays excepted, for the Dispatch of Business, instead of attending at the several Hours during which they were formerly required to attend.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Broker shall make and sign an Entry of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in the Name or for the Use of any other Person or Persons, every such Broker shall be liable to and pay any Surcharge or Surcharges with which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall by Law be chargeable, as well as the actual Importer and Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

CX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Customs at any Port in Inland, and they are hereby required 16 take and remove all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported, which shall be suffered to continue on the Custom House Quay, for any Space of Time more than 46 Geo. III. j I Two

Certain Goods warehoused under exitiing Atf 1 may be exported free of Du: y.

No Allowance by P., rt..ge Bi.lt.

Hour* of At* tendance by Officers at Custom House Qu»y.

Brokers shall be liable to Surcharge at Propiicturs.

Surveyors may remove Good* from Quays after

Two working Days.

794

No private SjIcs by Auction on C'J«m House Quays .without Ft*imillion of^Surveyor,

Regulating PoMers on Quayi of Dublin and Cork.

Regulating of Carmen on Dublin Quay.

Appointing Places of Discharge fer Ships at Dublin Quay,

Penalty on having Fires on board Ships in Docks*

AH Penalties payable infir tish Cuircney, and recoverable as under Customs or Excite A£lt; 14, 15 G. 1. c. ?, Ice.

f^« 4IG, >.

C. IO* ]

C. 87. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

T wo wqrkingDays after the same shall have been taken an Account of by the proper Officer, and to lodge the same in His Majesty's Stores at such Port, until the Duties thereon shall be paid or secured to be paid, and 5fo until all Expences of such Removal and Storing shall be paid and satisfied by the Owner or Proprietor of such Goods, or the Person to whom the same were consigned, together with the further Sum of Five rounds; and in case such Owner, Proprietor, or Consignee, shall refuse or neglect to pay such Expences, and also such Sum of Five Pounds, within the Space of One Month next after the same shall be so removed into His Majesty's Stores, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors to fell the same by publick Auction, and to apply the Money arising therefrom to the Payment of such Duties and Expences, and the said Sum of Five Pounds, and the Costs and Charges attending such Sale, rendering back any Overplus thereof to such Owner or Owners of such Goods or Merchandize.

CXI. And be it further enacted, Tint no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall he sold by Auction on any Custom House Quay, unless the same shall be sold by Order of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties 5 and if any Person or Persons shall fell or attempt to fell any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize by Auction on any such Quay, contrary to this Act, such Person or Persons shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell cr difpufe by Auction any damaged Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall be landed on such Quays, with the Permission of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Customs at the Port for the Time being.

CXII. And, to prevent idle and disorderly Persons from frequenting the Custom Icoufe Quays of the Ports of Dublin and Cork, under Pretence of plying and acting as Porters on the fame, by which the Property of Individuals has in many Instances been purloined, be it enacted, That it shall not b? lawful for any Person to ply oradt as Porter on the Custom Quays of the Ports of Dublin or Cork, or in the Stoics of the said Custom Houses, or either of them, until such Person shall be first approved of by the Surveyors of the said Quays or Stores respectively, and receive from them, in Testimony of such Approbation, a Badge signifying the lame, which Badge shall be delivered to every such Person without Fee or Reward; and if any Person shall ply or act as Porter on the said Quays, or either of them, or in the said Stores, until badged and approved of as aforesaid, such Person being thereof convicted before any Magistrate of the Cities of Dublin or Cork respectively, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and in default of Payment of the said Sum, shall be imprisoned for One Month without Bail or Mainprize.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall take any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from off the Custom House Quay of Dublin, without first obtaining from the proper Officer a Gate-Note, permitting such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be taken away, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, together with the Cart, Car, or other Draft, and the Horse or Horses, or other Beasts of Burthen drawing or carrying the fame, which Cart, Car, or other Draft, and such Horse or Horses, or other Bfeaft of Burthen, may be seized for such Offence by any Officer of the Customs, and in default of Payment of such Penalty, every such Person so offending shall be imprisontd for One Month without Bail or Mainprize.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Customs, and Port Duties, or any Three of them, or such Person as they or any Three of them shall empower for that Purpose, shall appoint such Place as he or they shall think proper for every Ship or Vessel arriving at the Custom House Quay in the Port of Dublin, to discharge the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and that it shall not be lawful for the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel to discharge the Cargo or any Part thereof at any other Place than the Place so to be appointed; and the Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel offending herein, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

CXV. And whereas Fires frequently happen among Shipping lying at the several Quays, or being in the*Docks of or belonging to the several Custom Houses in Ireland, and Goods, Wares, and Merchandize lying on such Quays, or deposited in His Majesty's Stores, are often endangered by such Fires; ' for Remedy thereof be it onadled, That no Master, Mate, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel lying at any of the Quays, or being in any Dock of or belonging to any of His Majesty's Custom Houses in Ireland, or lying contiguous to any of His Majesty's Stores, shall have or keep, or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any Fire on board such Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wheny, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever (except Candlelight); and it shall be lawful for any Person appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to go on t oarJ any such Ship, and to remove or extinguish any Fire which shall be kept on board any Ship contrary to this Act; and in case an / such Master, Mate, or other Person shall keep or permit any such Fire to be kept, or shall obstruct or prevent any Person so authorized from removing or extinguishing the fame, such Master, Mate, or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Succe/fon, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted5 or in and by an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the said Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Subsidie of Poundage, and granting a Subsidie of Tannage, and other Sums of Money unto His Royal Majestie, His Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandises imported and exported into or cut of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed; or in and by any Act made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 87, 88, '795

No Person shall keep a Still without Licence from Co rami flicker* of Excise.

Form of Licence.

Commissioners of Custom* and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Mat; ers, and Things, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enactedln this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, a* is provided in and by the said Act of Excise, or by any other Act r Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or either of them.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect on and from the Twenty- Commencement* ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled

in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and for encouraging the Exportation of such Spirits, by warehousing the same without

Payment of Duty be it enacted, by the Kingps most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons shall have, or keep, or make use of, any Still or other Utensil for distilling Spirits in Ireland, without having first obtained a Licence for keeping and using the same from the Commuuoner8 of His Majesty's Revenue of Inland Excise in Ireland, in the Form following s (that is to say),

A B. of is [or A.B. and C.D. of are], hereby licensed to have, keep, and

4^ make use of the Still [or. Stills] after mentioned; that is to say,

4 No. I. A Still, the Body whereof contains Gallons, and which said Still, with the Head

thereof, and every Appendage thereto included, contains Gallons, the Diameter of the said Still

4 at the widest Part thereof most remote from the Bottom, being Inches; the Altitude of the said

Still from the Centre of the said Diameter to the Bottom being Inches 5 the Diameter of the

Bottom of the said Still, taken in an horizonal Line, being Inches; and the Diameter of the Bottom

4 of the Neck of the said Still being Inches. [And, in case of more than one Still, Also, one other

Still; (that is to say),

4 No. II. A Still, [fPacifying in Tthe Manner ewry Still distinSly, with the Number, Contents, and Dimenftom thereof, for which fuel Licence shall be granted.] The said Still [or, Stills] to be had, kept, and used in the Distillery of the said A.B. [or, A.B. and C. ZX] situate at in the Parish of

4 in the County [City, or Town] of

This Licence to remain in full Force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date hereof. Witness my Hand [or, our Hands] this Day of One thousand ei >ht hundred

and r E. F. Commissioner of Excise,

4 or

4 E. F. 1

4 G. H. ? Commissioners of Excise.

4 /. K. }

Witness, L. M, Secretary to the Commissioners of Excise.'

provided always, That Persons in Partnership carrying on the Business of Distillin^shall not be obliged to take out more than one such Licence.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all Regulations therein contained, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, in whose Name or for whose Use or Benefit any Distillery shall be exercised, managed, or carried on, and such Person shall be liable to all Duties of Excise on account of such Distillery, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person were adult and of full Age.

III. And be it further enacted, That, for the Purpose of charging the Duty on Spirits, the Content of any Stift shall be estimated according to the Quantity of Liquor which such Still, (including the Head thereof, and very A ppendage to such Still or Head, of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, whereby such Still or the Head thereof, or any Part thereof, shall he conncded or shall any Way communicate with the Worm), shall be actually capable of containing; and if any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall exceed by Four Gallons or more the Content fpc-cilied in the Licence of such Distiller, as being the Content cf such Still, the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found, or who shall have used the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if any Still in the Distillery of any Distiller shall exceed by Twenty Gallons, or more, the Content specified in the Licence to such Distiller. as being the Content of such Still, the Person or Persons in whose Possession the same shall be found, or who shall have used the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such Still so exceeding in Content shall in all Cases be deemed an unlicensed Still, and shall be forfeited and may be seized.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Still for distilling of Spirits in Ireland shall be of the Proportions following: The Diameter of such Still, to be taken in the widest Part of such Still, and in that Place of such widest Part as shall be most remote from the Bottom cf such Still, shall be to the Altitude of such Still, ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter so taken to the Bottom of such Still, in the Proportion of not more than Three to One, that is to say, for every Inch of such Altitude, such Diameter shall not exceed Three Inches, and so in Proportion: and that the Diameter of the Bottom of such Still, to be

5 I 2 take

One Licence f >r Partners.

Minors, bein^ Dlflillers, made li ibleto thLAft,

Mode of eflinmt-i»g Contents ot* Sill.

Penalty on Still

exceeding tent licenlctl, by Gallons, lol. If by to Gallon?, 50J. &c.

Still be made in certain Proportion*.

79&, C. 88.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

taken in an horizontal Line, shall not be equal to the greatest Diameter thereof taken as aforesaid, and shall nrft be less than Three-fifths of such greatest Diameter, nor shall the Bottom of any such Still be otherwise curved than inwards or towards the Body of such Still.

Dfscription of V. And be it further enacted, That before any such Licence shall be granted to any Person to have, keep, jirilU Kqunod to or make use of any Still or Stills, the Person applying for the same shall transmitto the Commissioners of Excise I c fen"to the 1n Diiblttiy a Drawing or Representation of each and every Still for which such Person shall require a Licence, C mimissioncn fitting forth the Number, Content, Shape, Dimensions, and Proportions of such Still, measured and specified according to the Directions of this Act, for their Approbation; and in case such Commissioners shall disapprove of any such Still or Stills for not being conformable to such Directions, or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered to refuse granting a Licence for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring such Licence shall also make out, sign, and.deliver to the Collector of the District, an Account in Writing, to be entered and registered in the Office of

ourA^uun^to C ^le Districtin which such Still or other Utensil for diddling is to be kept or uled, containing his, her,

Ijc entered in the or ^ie^r Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode; and the Place where the Distillery containing such lix'.ik Office, containing the Particulars of his Name, and the Coutcnts of his Stills, C'of-

fef Excise.

tfo obtain such Licence, the

the Cullc&or shall give a Certificate.

Oath and Bond of Party licensed.

Still or other Utenfd is or shall be situated; and the Number of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, intended to be kept there; and the Number of Gallons which the Body of each such Still is capable of containing; and, also the Number of Gallons which each such Still is capable ot containing, together with the Head thereof, and every other Appendage thereto included, separately set forth; and shall also in like Manner make out, sign, and deliver an Account in Writing, to be lo entered and registered as aforesaid, of all Coppers, Vats, Keeves, Backs, pers, and Stores, Coolers, Vessels, and other Utensils whatever, to be used in such Distillery, and also of the several Stores, which k, Ury Apartments, and Places wherein any Part of the Business of such Distillery is to be carried on, or wherein any Materials for distilling of Spirits, or any Spirits are to be kept or stored, with a Ground Plan of the Whole; and in such written Account, the Person making the same shall distinguish every such Still, Still Head, or Worm, and also every such Copper, Vat, Kceve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, and other Utensil, and also every such Store, Apart-ment, and Place, by separate Numbers relating to each Article, in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number I., and shall in the Ground Plan set forth the Situation of the same respectively; and upon every such Still, Still Head, or Worm, and upon every such Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, and Utensil, and also upon the Outside of the Door of every such Store, Apartment, and Place, shall paint, or cause to be painted, with Oil Colour in Black or White, and shall keep thereon so painted, the Number thereof respectively in Conformity with such Account; and that the Surveyor of Excise within whose Survey such Distillery shall be situate, shall, at the Bottom of every such Account, before the same shall be delivered to or received by the Collector, certify the Truth of such Account, by signing his Name thereto, and thereupon the Collector of Excise of the District. shall file or enter and register such Account in the Office of Excise of the District, and shall grant a Certificate of such Account and Registry, by giving a Copy thereof, signed by him; and such Account and Registry, and every such Certificate thereof, shall be Evidence on any Question that shall or may arise, or on any Information in consequence of or touching any of the Provisions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Licence shall be granted to any Person to keep any Still, such Person shall produce to the Person authorised to grant such Licence the said Certificate of the Collector of Excise; and the Person requiring such Licence shall also take and subscribe the Oath following; (that is to say),

I A.B. of Distiller, do make Oath, That I will not use, or suffer to be used, any

*Copper for distilling or making any Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, or for any other Purpose than

boiling Water or small Worts or a preceding Brewing mixed with Water for brewing Pot Ale, -or Water for

cleaning the Vessels in my Distillery; and that I will not use, or suffer to be used, any Still in making or

distilling Spirits from Wash, Low Wines, or Singlings, other than the identical Still and Stills by me previously entered and registered in the Office of Excise 5 and that I will not use or work, or suffer to be used or worked,

any Still in distilling Spirits from Wafti, Low Wines, or Singlings, of which Notice shall have been given by me to discontinue Work, without having given such Notices as are required by Law, to be given of again commencing to work 5 and that I will not directly or indirectly be concerned in the rectifying or compounding of any Spirits during such Time as I shall be licensed to distil Spirits. So help me GOD.

And such Person shall also, with Two sufficient Sureties, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty after the Rate of Five Pounds for each Gallon of the Content of each Still to be licensed, the Body and Head inclusive, conditioned for the Payment of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be chargeable by L.3W on such Person for the Duties on Spiritsor Strong Waters distilled by such Person, or with which such Person shall be charged under and by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to such Duties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence to have, .keep, or make use of any Still or Stills, shall be signed by one or more of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise in Ireland, if the Still to be licensed is

Citicf and b situated in any City, Town, or Borough, fending a Member to Parliament; and by Three of the said Commis-

Three^Jfcwheic, fi°ners at least, if such Still be situated in any other Part of Ireland 5 and shall be of force from the Date thereof, and shall be in until the Twenty-ninth Day of September then next following, and no longer, force to 29th Sept, ycatly.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for the keeping or using any Still, the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall not be capable of containing Five hundred Gallons at the least.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissionera of Inland Excise, in their Discretion, to refuse to grant any such Licence to any Person or Persons to keep a Still or Stills; and also

Licences shall be signed by One Commiuioner in

Xo S ill to he licensed under 500 Gallon*.

Comraidioners may refuse or revoke Licences.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 88

797

also to withdraw any such Licence in case any Still or Stills for which such Licence shall be granted shall be removed to any Place other than the Place mentioned in such Licence, or in case such Person lo licensed shall have been convicted of any Fraud or Offence against the Laws, which shall subject such Person to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds or upwards; and it shall and may also be lawful for such Commissioners of Excise, to refuse to grant a Licence to any Person to keep any Still or Stills in any Distillery which shall have been occupied by any Person so convicted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Licences r«

Three of them, to grant, without any Fee, a Licence for One or more Still or Stills to be kept and used at ^P.jf' VnVfl Apothecaries' Hall in Dublin, of any such DimenfioiiR or Content as such Commissioners shall think fit, and as

shall be specified in such Licence; and that it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Commissioners of ^c.*

Excise, or any Collector of Excise within his Dillridl, upon Application for that Purpose, to grant, without any Fee, a Licence to any Chemist, Apothecary, or Druggist, to keep or make use of one or more Still or Stills of such Dimensions, not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content, and no other, as shall be specified in such Licence for distilling Medicinal Compounds or Cordials, or Cordial or Medical Waters only; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, to grant a Licence to any such Person or Persons as they shall think proper, to keep or make use of one or more Still or Stills, at their Discretion, not exceeding Twelve Gallons Content each, for the distilling of Medical Waters, or for making Experiments and Discovenes in Natural Philosophy; and all such Licences shall be in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date thereof respectively; Provided, that before any such Licence shall be granted for any Still or Stills at Apothecaries' Hall in Dublin, the Treasurer or Clerk of the Company of Apothecaries there, or some Person to be appointed by the said Company, and to be approved of by the said Commissioners of Excise, shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty, in a Penalty after the Kate of Ten Pounds for each Gallon Content of each such Still to be licensed, conditioned that such Still or Stills shall not be used or employed in distilling any Spirits whatever, other than and except Medicinal Compounds and Cordial Waters; and that before any such Licence shall be granted to any Chemist, Apothecary, Druggist, or other Person applying for the fame, such Chymist, Apothecary, Druggist, or other Person shall, previous to the granting of such Licence, enter into a Bond to His Majesty, with one or more Sureties, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds conditioned that such Chymist, Apothecary, Druggist, or other Person, shall not distil or fell any Spirits whatsoever other than and except Medicinal Compounds and Cordial Waters, nor lend or let out any such Still to any Person whatsoever; and in case of any Breach of the Condition of any such Bond, the Licence in respect of which such Bond was given, shall, immediately after Judgement had upon such Bond, be null and void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Licence t*rfpflit Three of them, upon Application for that Purpose, to grant, without Fee or Reward, a Licence to any Oil of Turp«u-Person or Persons resident in, or in the Vicinity of any City or Town Corporate in Ireland, to keep or make hnc*

life of one or more Still or Stills of any such Dimensions or Content, and no other, as such Commissioners shall think fit, and as shall be specified in such Licence, for the PurpoC* of distilling or rectifying of Oil of Turpentine, or Spirits of Turpentine, or for the Purpose of distilling of any chemical or eftential Oils, and such Licence shall be in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date thereof respectively: Provided, that before any such Licence shall be granted, every Person applying for the fame, shall, previous to the granting of such Licence, enter into Bona to His Majesty, with one or more Surety or Sureties, in a Penalty, after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Gallon of the Content of each Still to be licensed, conditioned that such Person shall not distil or fell any Spirits whatsoever, other than and except Oil of Turpentine or Spirits of Turpentine, or the chemical or eftential Oils mentioned in such Licence; and that such rerson shall not lend or let out such Still to any Person whatsoever; and in case of any Breach of the Condition of such Bond, fmh Licence shall, immediately after Judgement had upon such Bond, be null and void: Provided also, that every Person, so licensed, shall be subject and liable to the Visits of any Officer of Excise, and to such of the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained, as the Commissioners of Excise shall, from Time to Time, think necessary to enforce, for preventing any Fraud against this Act by the Parties so licensed.

XIII. And be it furth er enacted, That no Person licensed as a Distiller under this Act, shall rectify or Dirtilkrs (hill compound any Spirits; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to grant any Licence not Kc^tiHcn* to rectify or compound Spirits to any such Distiller so licensed under this Act, or to any Person in Trust or for the Account of such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall rectify or compound any Spirits, or shall be directly Penalty 500l. or indirectly concerned or engaged in the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Licence of such Distiller under this Act shall be and is hereby declared to be void.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That ho Distiller shall be licensed to fell or deal in home-made Spirits not Diflilkr ftnll distilled by such Distiller, or to fell or deal in Foreign Spirits on Commission or otherwise; and that no Distiller»1 licensed is shall receive or deal in or fell any Spirits by Commission or otherwise, except such Spirits as shall have been a

distilled in some Distillery of such Distiller duly entered and licensed according to this Act; and if any such Penalty ioi!. Distiller shall receive or fell, or deal in any Home-made or Foreign Spirits by Commission, or otherwise, contrary to this Act, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall brew or make any Liquor from Corn, malted or nidillors shall unmalted, other than Pot-Ale, to be distilled by him; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to charge iu>t brew Ale at all Liquor made or brew'ed from Com, malted or unmalted, in the Possession of any Distiller, in the same Beer.

Manner as Pot-Ale or Wash, for the Purpose of distilling, is by this Act chargeable; and in case any Pot-Ale

or Liquor brewed or made from Corn, malted or unmalted, shall be found in the Possession of such Distiller, not duly declared by him, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with the Sum of Twenty

Shillings

G*88

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Penalty on Persons having any Still or Utensil or Appararus not registered 500l. and Forfeiture.

Still, Still Heads.

Licrncc not produced, and Implements ard Spirits forfeited.

Shillings for every Ten Gallons of such Pot-Ale or other Liquor: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for every such Distiller to have in his Dwelling House a reasonable Quantity of Beer and Ale for the Use of himself and his Family 5 such Ale or Beer not having been brewed by such Distiller.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall for the making of or in the diddling of any Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, or for the brewing, making, fermenting, or preparing any Wort, Wafti, or Pot-Ale, wherewith or where from to distil Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, or for or in any Process appertaining or relating thereto respectively, have or keep or make use of any Still, Still He.ad, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, or other Vessel or Utensil whatever, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected directly or indirectly with any Still, Still Head, Worm, or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, such Still, Still Head, Woim, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, or other Vessel or Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, not having been set forth, or not being numbered as set forth, or in any other Place than mall be set forth in the Account by this Act required to be made and delivered by such Distiller, and filed, entered, and registered as aforesaid, on requiring his Licence; or if any Distiller shall have, keep, or make use of any Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, Vessel, or other Utensil, or any Appendage or Apparatus whatever, communicating or connected, direCUy or indirectly, with any Still, Still Head, Worm, or Copper, or any Part thereof respectively, other than such as shall have been set forth in such Account, Entry, or Registry, without having given Four Days Notice in Writing to the Collector or other Superior Officer of the DistnCl, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of his or her Distillery, and without an Account thereof being made out, signed, delivered, entered, and registered in Manner aforesaid, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel, or other Utensil, Appendage, or Apparatus, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every such Still, Still Head, Worm, Copper, Vat, Keeve, Back, Cooler, Vessel or other Utensil, Appendage or Apparatus, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise. j

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Still or Still Head, or Worm of a Still, shall be found ia and Worms may any Place whatever, or in the Possessiort of any Person whomsoever (except a Brazier or Person following the be fmed if Trade of making or repairing Stills) the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, Justice of the Peace, or Peace Officer, or by any licensed Distiller, unless a Licence in force, to the Person in whose Possession the same shall be found for keeping such Still, Still Head, or Worm, shall be produced, and delivered to be read at tie Time when such Officer of Excise, Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or licensed Distiller, shall find such Still, Still Head, or Worm; and every Person in whose Possession any such Still, Still Head, or Worm, shall be found, without such Licence being so produced, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each such Still, Still Head, or Worm respectively, and all other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, or commonly made use of in the Process of Distillation; and all Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, Pot Ale, Malt, or Corn, and all Materials for making Spirits, found in the Possession of any such Person as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized in Manner aforesaid, and such Vessels or Utensil* may be, destroyed, and such Wash or Pot Ale may be spilled, or otherwise disposed of, as herein after mentioned: Provided always, that if any Still, Still Head* or Worm, shall be found upon the Road conveying by a proper and sufficient Permit to any Distiller duly licensed, or from such Distiller to any Brazier, or Maker or Mender of Stills duly licensed, or from such Distiller to any Excise Office, it shall not be forfeited or seizable as aforesaid* nor shall the Person conveying the same be liable to any Penalty on Account thereof.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Seizure as last aforesaid shall be made by any Justice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or licensed Distiller, by virtue of this A£, such Justice of the Peace, Juflfcc of Peace, Peace Officer, or licensed Distiller, shall, within Six Days after such Seizure, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Collector of the District, or to the next resident Officer of Excise, who shall take into his Custody, and secure the Matters and Things so seized, in like Manner as if the same had been seized by him.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases of such Seizure it shall and maybe lawful for the Officer of Excise who shall have seized any such Articles, or in whose Custody the same shall be, to fell all Pot Ale, Wash, Singlings, or Low Wines, so seized, to any licensed Distiller, provided the Sum to be paid for the same (ha 1 amount to a Sum not less than the Duty chargeable on the Spirits which by Law ought to be produced from such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or l ow Wines respectivel/; and in case such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, shall be so fold, the Purchaser thereof shall pay to the Collector of the District in whirii he shall reside, the Duty chargeable on the vp; rits which by Law ought to be produced from such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, and he shall pay the remaining Part of the Purchase Money of such Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines (if any) to the O Hcerwho shall have fold the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person using or keeping more than one Still (not being a Brazier, or Person following the Profession of making or repairing Stills)shall hdve, keep, or use any Stills, the Diameter of the Neck of any one of which, taken at the Bottom of such Neck, shall not be Two Inches wider or narrower at the lead than the Diameter of the Neck so taken of any other Still or Stills kept or used by him, so as that all the Stills kept by such Person shall differ in the Diameter of the Neck by the Breadth of at least Two Inches from each other, under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds and all or either of such Stills.

XXI. And be it further enacted, T.liat no Distiller shall keep, or have any greater Number of Worms of Stills than the Number of Stills which he or she shall have been licensed to keep, nor shall use in distilling of Spirits any greater Number of Worms than one Worm with anyone Still, without the Consent of Three of the said Commissioners of Excise first obtained in Writing under their Hands for that Purpose; and if any greater Number of Worms of Stills shall be found in the Distillery of or in any other Place belonging to or occupied by any Distiller, than the Number of Stills which such Distiller shall be licensed or allowed as aforesaid to keep,

every

Eirept* Stills

conveying l.y Permits,

Notice of Seizure by

given so Collector.

Article feixed may»e f., ld ro a licensed Distiller.

Difference of , X> amour in N-ck of Stills kept by ihe f roe Pc i*, Penalty sol.

DiltiMcrsfb.il keep no moie Worms 1! an Srillt. Penalty aoi.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 88.

799

every such Worm of a Still so found, and also every Still with which more than one Worm shall be used, or to which there shall he more than one Arm, shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller in whose Possession any such Worm or Worms, or Still, shall be found, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall use any Copper in his Distillery for any other p? u y on Purpose than boiling or warming Water, or Small Worts of a preceding Brewing mixed with Water, or if by u'i tpprn as Means of any Appendage or Apparatus annexed to, or used with any Copper, or by Meaps of any Device or 5°cl.

Contrivance whatever, any Copper shall be connected with the Body, or Head, or Worm of any Still, every such Copper and Still shall be forfeited, and such Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds 5 and if any Apparatus shall be found in the Possession or in the Distillery of any Distiller, which might render If Aopirarur such Copper or Coppers capable of being used in Distillation, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty found>ol. Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall set every Still used or kept by him in Brick or Distillns shall Stone with Mortar, and shall from Time to Time provide such Fastenings or Locks and Keys to the Head ^ovide^Loclf* and Cocks of the Stills, and to the Furnace Door thereof, and shall keep the same in good and sufficient Order, an^V \£Cy°C*in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Surveyor of Excise in charge of such Distillery, or shall pay for Penalty zol. such Fastenings, Locks, and Keys, as shall be provided by such Surveyor; and if any such Distiller shall use or

keep any Still not so set in Brick or Srone, or shall neglect to provide, repair, or pay for such Fastenings, Locks, 'and Keys, within such Time as shall be required by such Surveyor, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall make life of or keep in any Distillery, any Dimenflom of Copper or Vessel for warming or boiling Water for brewing Pot Ale, the Diameter whereof at the Mouth shall be less than the Diameter thereof in any other Part of such Copper or Vessel, or shall have of keep any such be set ^eoalry

Copper or other Vessel, set or placed in any Manner other than in such Situation as that the Still, or Place zo 1.

where such Still shall be set or shall stand, shall be in as direct a Line as the Building will permit, between the

Place where such Copper or other Vessel shall be set or stand, and the Place where the Worm Tub shall be set or shall stand, every such Copper or Vessel shall be so.feited, and may be seized; and the Distiller in whose

Distillery any such Copper or Vessel shall be found, or any such Copper or Vessel shall be set or placed in any

Situation other than as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each such Offence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall in any Distillery make use of any Cooler which j

shall not be ferewed down or otherwise fastened to Beams firmly fixed at both Ends in the Walls of the Building, anV ac\«>rnrno-

' or in some other firm and substantial Manner, or shall alter the Level or Dipping Place of any Cooler or Back dated to the in such Distillery, or the Beams that support the fame, after it shall have been so fixed as af. resaid, or shall Use of Office s. suffer the same to be altered without having previously given Four Days Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Penalty 201. Gauger in Charge of such Distillery; or if such Distiller shall use any Cooler, through or across the Centre of which there shall not be erected, and constantly kept^ fixed lengthways, from one End to the other, a firm Frame or Stage of Wood, at least Eighteen Inches in Breadth, and of Thichness sufficient to prevent the same from bending, where from the Officer of Excise may gauge the Liquor in such Cooler, or if there shall not be a firm Hand Rail of the Length of such Stage, conveniently placed in respect thereto, every Distiller so

offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall have, keep, or make use of any Back, Cooler,

or other Vessel in the Distillery of such Distiller, for fermenting any Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, or for containing an<1 otnerVeflW* any Low Wines or Singlings, which shall be of less Coiltent than the full Charge of the Still, or (if there ln each Distil-

shall be more than one Still) of the largest Still in such Distillery; and if any such Back, Cooler, or other lery, shall be

Vessel, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, which shall be of a less Content than aforesaid, such rfgu^ted by the _ Back, Cooler, or other Vessel, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall for every such plzt of the Stills. Vessel forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. cru \° \

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at the Time of the passing of this Act, any Distiller shall not be provided with Backs, Coolers, Vessels, or Calks, according to the Regulations of this Act, it Dirtiliert to shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, by Order under the Hands of any Three of them, to use their present allow such Distiller to use the Backs, Coolers, Vessels, or Calks in his Possession, for such Time as such Vessels until Commissioners shall think necessary, or until such Distiller shall have provided himself with Vessels or Calks of ^f^can Pr0Vldc the proper Dimensions, according to the Regulations of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall keep all Spirits distil!ed/and all Wash, Pot j*P, r, r, »c*

Ale, Singlings, and Low Wines, in the Distillery or such Distiller, or m some Store or Stores in or adjoining J, e. , n to"such Distillery, registered in Manner herein before mentioned; and all Spirits, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or adjoining to the Low Wines, which shall be found in any Store or Stores not so registered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, Distillery.

and thej Distiller or Distillers, or other Person or Persons, to whom the same shall belong, shall for every Gallon Penalty 20s. of such Spirits, and for every Ten Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings and per Ga, on>

Low Wines, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits stered in the Store or Distillery of any Distiller shall be tuning Spirirs

kept in Casks of the Size or Content of not less than One hundred Gallons each 5 and if any Calk shall be ih^i nor hoof found in any such Store or Distillery containing Spirits which shall be of any less Size or Content, such Distiller Its* Content shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Cask. I*, in jocGaUon*.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise at all Times, as , cna!ly 20 well by Night as by Day, to enter into every House, Distillery, Still-house, Out-house. Store, and Place officer' em-whatsoever, of or belonging to or made use of by any Distiller in Ireland, and to gauge, measure, and take an euter Dist Ukric* Account of every Still, still Head, Copper, Keeve, Vat, Cooler, Back, or other Vessel or Utensil of any aiJ<j

3 Kind, Account*.

ffoo C. 88.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Penalty on Distiller* ob-limiting Excise Officers, 201.

Otks shall fat placed properly fur gauging. Penalty, 201.

TViftiller shall fumish Officer with Ladder and Lights. Penalty sol.

Officer may ider Waler to l»< drawn off

m YYoim

Tub.

Penalty on lcfiifing Ad-iniffiun to Officer, xool.

Owners of adjoining Houses shall admit Officers to search for Spirits. Penalty 501.

If no Person appears to give Entrance to Officers, the House may be fcrakeu open.

Officer may enter DilUUcry from adjoining Houses,

Kind, of or belonging to, or kept by any such Distiller, and to gauge and take an Account of all Spirit! which shall be from Time to Time made or distilled, and of all Malt and Corn, and of all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, and Materials whatsoever, for making or distilling Spirits, which shall be from Time to Time made use of by such Distiller, and of all such Spirits and Materials for making or distilling of Spirits, as' shall be in any House, Distillery, Store, or Place, belonging to such Distiller, and to make Returns thereof in Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise, or his Assistants, shall be hindered, obstructed, or prevented by any Distiller, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Distiller, from entering into any Distillery, or any House, Out-house, Store, or other Place whatsoever of such Distiller, or if any such Officer or his Assistants, having entered, shall be hindered, obstructed, or prevented by such Distiller, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Distiller, or in or upon the Premises of such Distiller, from gauging any Vessels, or taking; any Account of the Stock of Malt, Corn, or Spirits of such Distiller, or of any Liquor or Ingredients preparing For or used, or ready to be used in distillitig in such Distillery, or from seeing the whole Process of distilling completely finished, or from taking an Account of the Liquors distilled, or to be distilled, or in Process of distifling, or from doing any Part of his Duty in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act which may be in force respecting Distilleries, such Dillifter shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall place and keep all Calks and Vessels in which any Spirits shall be stored or kept, or which shall be made use of in distilling, in convenient Situations, with their Dipping Place uppermost, and easy of Access, in such Manner as any Officer of Excise in Charge of the Distillery shall reasonably direct, for the more readily and effectually taking the Gauge thereof, or in Default thereof every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Calk or Vessel not so placed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, on Demand of any Officer of Excise made at the Distillery of such Distiller, shall not furnish or cause to be furnished a strong and safe Ladder, with Steps Four Inches broad at the least, or shall not have provided an Hand Rail, or a Rope in the Nature, of an Hand Rail, conveniently placed with respect to such Ladder, of Length sufficient to enable such Officer to ascend to and examine any Cooler, Back, Worm, Tub, or other Vessel or Utensil in such Distillery', or shall not fix such Ladder at the Dipping Place of any such Cooler, or at any other Part of any such Cooler, Back, Worm Tub, or other Vessel or Utensil, where such Officer shall require, or shall on any Visit made by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to supply every such Officer, on Demand, with sufficient Lights for the Purpose of searching* and gauging all the Stock on Hand belonging to such Distiller, as well by Day as by Night, every Distiller so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall, at any Time, when Singlings or Spirits shall not be running off from a Still, require that the Water contained in any Worm Tub belonging to such Still, shall be drawn or run off, the same shall be drawn or run off accordingly; and if the same shall not be drawn or run off by some Person in the Distillery, it shall be lawful for any such Officer to draw or rOn off such Water, or so much thereof as he shall think necessary; and if the Water shall not be so drawn or run off, at the Request of such Officer, the Distiller in whose Distillery such Worm Tub shall be situate, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in rcafe any Officer of Excise shall not be admitted into any Distillery', after having demanded Admittance into the fame, and declared his Name and Business, and after having waited for the Space of one Quarter of an Hour after such Demand made'at the House of the Distiller, or the Gate or Entrance Door, or any Window of the Distillery" of such Distiller, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. ' And Wherea9 Distillers have frequently made use of Places adjoining their own Houses of*Distilleries, for the Purpose of clandestinely making, brewing, distilling, or concealing their Malt, Wash, Pot 'Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, or Spirits; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That if the Owner ot Occupier of any House, Store, or other Place adjoining to or in the Neighbourhood of the Dwelling House or Distillery of any Distiller, or if any Servant of the Owner or Occupier of any such House or Place, shall not, on Demand of any Officer of Excise, made in the Day Time, admit such Officer of Excise, or shall not allow him to enter and search such House, Store, or Place, for Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, «or Spirits, such Occupier of such House, Store, or ether Place, shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if no Person shall attend or appear in such House, Store, or Place as aforesaid, to give Entrance to such Officer, it shall be lawful in the Day Time for such Officer and his Assistants, or in the Night Time for such Officer and his Assistants, in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, to break open and enter such House, Store, or Place, and make Search therein for any Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wines, or Spirits, which such Officer may have reasonable or probable Cause to suspect to be fraudulently concealed therein: Provided always, that if upon Search no such Malt, Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, Low Wine3, or Spirits, shall be found, such Officer shall repair all the Damages done, or make reasonable Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Occupier of such House, Store, or Place.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the House, Store, or Place broken open, and entered, shall communicate with the Distillery of any Distiller, or any Part of the Premises thereunto belonging, and if such Distiller, orfomc Person on his Behalf, shall not, on Demand made, give Entrance into such Distillery to any Officer requiring the fame, every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 88.

80 i

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise to visit in the Day Time any Sugar House in Ireland, belonging to any Sugar Baker, and there to take an Account of all Melasses Wash, and Sugar Waft, and upon any Decrease afterwards found therein, such Sugar Baker Snail forfeit a Sum equal to the Duty which would be payable by Distillers upon Spirits distilled from such Wash, unless due Proof shall be made that the same had been sold to a licensed Distiller, or otherwise disposed of in the Business of a Sugar Baker 5 and all Sugar Wash, and Melasses Wash, found at any Sugar Bakers Twenty four Hours after it shall be taken from the Cistern, and not declared to the Officer of Excise, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Customs or Excise in Ireland, shall directly or indirectly ask, take, or receive any Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, for the Neglect or Non-pertormance of his Duty under this Act, or for the Performance of his Duty, other than such Salary, Recompence, Reward, or Gratuity, las shall be allowed by the said Commissioners of Excise, cr shall directly or indirectly ask, take, or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, Article, Matter, or Thing whatever, from any Distiller for or on any Account whatsoever, every such Officer so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanour, and such Officer shall and may be indicted for such Offence either at the Assize' or Quarter Sessions held in the County in which such Offence shall be committed; and in case any Indictment shall be found at such Assizes or Quarter Sessions against such Officer, he shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the fame; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Officer shall be tried and convicted, to inflidl such Punishment on such Officer as may by the Laws and Statutes in force in Ireland be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors, and such Officer so convicted shall thenceforth be incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XLI« And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, before commencing to brew any Worts, Waffi, or Pot Ale, and also before commencing to work any Still or Stills in any Year, and so in like Manner before he or she shall recommence £0 to work any Still, after any Discontinuance thereof in such Year, give Six Days Notice in Writing to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, setting forth the Day and Hour when such Distiller intends to commence so to brew or to work any Still respectively, or to recommence so to work any Still as herein after provided; and any Distiller who shall brew any Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, or who shall work any Still or Stills without having given such respective Notices, shall for each such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no other Day than Monday shall be mentioned in any such Notice for commencing or recommencing to work a Still, and that no Distiller shall commence or recommence to work any Still in pursuance of any such Notice except on a Monday; and that every such Still shall be presumed to be kept regularly at Work from the Day mentioned in such Notice for the commencing or recommencing to work such Still, until the working thereof shall be discontinued in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say: Every such Distiller may from Time to Time discontinue the working of any such Still, on giving a Notice in Writing of such Intention to discontinue such working, to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery, Six Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing the fame, requiring by such Notice, that the Still or Stills, the working of which is so intended to be discontinued, may be locked on the Day expressed in such Notice, and specifying the Hour of the Day at which such working is so intended to be discontinued: Provided always, that no other Day than Monday be mentioned in any such Notice for discontinuing to work any Still or Stills, and that such Monday shall be the Close of a Period of Weeks in the Year, whereof the common Divisor or Aliquot Part shall be Four, and shall be not less than Eight Weeks distant from the Time of commencing to work such Still in any Year, nor less than Four Weeks distant from the Time of recommencing to work the same after any Discontinuance in such Year: And that the Hour of the Day specified in such Notice shall be some Hour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Monday.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That at the Time specified in any such Notice of Discontinuance, it shall and may be lawful for any Excise Officer in charge of such Distiller)', and he is hereby required, to flrap down and fallen the Head of every such Still, the working of which is so intended to be discontinued, by locking the fame, and to lock the Door of the Furnace Grate, and to flop and lock the Discharging Cock or Pipe of any such Still; and if such Officer be prevented from so doing by any Person at such Distillery, or in consequence of the Distillery being locked, and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer or otherwise, or if any Still shall in any Event not be locked in Manner hereby directed, such Distiller shall continue to be charged, with, and pay Duty, as if he had not given such Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid: and such Notice shall be deemed void and of no Effect.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time subsequent to Twenty-four Hours after any Still shall have been locked, or by any of the Provisions of this A cl ought to have been locked, or after the Time mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid of discontinuing the working of such Still, such Still, or the Works in which it is set, shall be found hot or warm, the Distiller or Distillers in whose Possession the same shall be so found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller who shall have discontinued the working of any Still in Manner aforesaid, shall intend to set at work again such Still so discontinued, such Distiller shall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller Six Days at least before the Day on which such Distiller shall intend to recommence the working of such Still, specifying the Day, agreeable to the Provisions of this Act, and the Hour, on which he intends so to recommence working such Still (which Day shall be a Monday, and shall not 46 Geo. III. 5 K be

Officer*- may vilir Sugjr House*, and take Stock.

Wash af Sugar Bikers nor decl.wed, lh ill be forfeited.

Officers taking Biibes, &c deci-tred guilty of Mifdetneanof.

Distiller shall give Notice of Time of brewing and distilling. Penalty 2001.

Diflilf'rs shall commence on a Monday.

Mode of difeon-tinuing working of Distiller on Notice at the End of the first Eight Weeks, or at the End of any fuhfrqerent Period of Four Weeks.

Officer* shall secure Srill, or on Failure tire D.Hiller fh*H Ue cu-rged for a wuik.^ Stilt.

Penalty on SMI found warm after Difccn-tinuance, ieol.

No'ice of Recommend ment of working.

f02

C. 88.

-4.6° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

D» Hiller 0: 1 di!co: um> ng Buhnc's on Expiation of his Ltutnct, Ih.ill fcn.ovc his Stihs. Penally ioo 1.

Modfc of

Walh or Singlings from Earn, or on charge of Still therewith.

beless than Four Weeks distant from the Time of the last Discontinuance of the working of such Still; ) and

One of such Officers to whom such Notice shall be given shall attend, and open the Tucks and Fallenings of such Still accordingly, and shall charge such Distiller with Duty as herein provided from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the Recommencement of the working of such Still.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Person shall, at the Expiration of any 'Licence granted under this Act, discontinue the Trade and Business of a Distiller, or shall at any Time during the Continuance of his Licence discontinue working for the Remainder ol any Year in Manner herein after mentioned, such Person shall, within eeven Days after the Expiration of such Licence, or after so discontinuing to work, cause the Works, in which any and every Still in the Distillery of such Distiller were set, to be taken down, and shall displace and remove any and every such Still and Stills, and shall also displace and remove clear out of the Worm Tub the Worm belonging to any and every such Still respectively; and shall, within Seven Days then next following, fend or convey any and every such Still and the Heads and Worms belonging to the same respectively, to the Excite Office of the Distriel in which such Diiiillery shall be situate, there to he kept for Twelve Calendar Months, unless the same shall within the said Twelve Calendar Months be re-delivered to the Proprietor thereof on his being licensed under this Ati, or shall be disposed of by such Proprietor to some licensed Distiller, which it shall be lawful for such Proprietor to do; and in case any such Still, or Head or Worm of a Still, shall remain at the said Excise Office for the Space of more than Twelve Calendar Months, it shall be lawful for the Collector of the Diilrifl to break up and render 11 feless any and every such Still, Still Head, and Worm, and to cause the Materials thereof to be sold; and the Produce thereof, after deducing all Expences of such Sale, and a reasonable Sum for the Waruhouse Room for the same during the said Twelve Months, shall be paid by such Collector to the Proprietor thereof; and in case any Still, Still Head, or Worm, shall be found in the Distillery, or in any other Place in the Occupation of any Person who shall have so discontinued the Business of a Distiller, at any Time after the End of Fourteen Days after the Expiration or Determination of any Licence to such Distiller, every such Still, Still Head, and Worm, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Person in whose Possession or on whose Premises the same shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this, the Officer of Excise keeping charging Distiller an Account of Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, in any Distillery, shall charge the Distiller upon any on Decrease of Decrease of Wash, or Pot Ale, for a Quantity of Singlings calculated after the Rate of One Gallon of Singlings for every Four Gallons of Wash or Pot Ale so decreased; and for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of such Singlings so calculated: And upon any Decrease of Low Wines or Singlings, such* Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of Two Gallons of Spirits for every Five Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines so decreased: And when and as often as any Still in fuel) Distillery shall be charged with such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings respectively, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the like Rate, according to the Content of such Still, estimated as herein-before mentioned: And on any Decrease of any Wash or Low Wines produced from Sugar, Melaflee, or decayed Wines, such Officer fhalpcharge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the Rate of One Gallon of Spirits for every Six Gallons of Wash, and One Gallon of Spirits for every Two Gallons of Low Wines so decreased; and when and as often as any Still in such Diiiillery shall be charged with, any such last mentioned Wash or Low Wines respectively, such Officer shall charge the Distiller for a Quantity of Spirits after the like Rate, according to the Content of such Still as aforesaid: Deducting from the Content of fuel) Still, when charged with any Waft) or Pot Ale, One-tenth Part thereof for Liberty for such Still to work; and when such Still shall be charged with any, Low Wines or Singlings, deducting One-eighth Part thereof for Liberty for such Still to work: And such Officer shall make a Return of the Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned.

XLVIII., And be it further enacted, That if any Decrease shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act appear or be found by any Officer of Excise, in any Wort, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, in the Distillery of^ any Distiller, more than beyond the Proportion of Decrease justified by the Charges of the Still or Stills in such Distillery, according to the Directions of this Act, such Distiller shall be a. d is hereby charged with Double Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rate before mentioned, from so much Wort, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, as shall exceed such Proportion of Decrease respectively, and the Surveyor and Gauger in Charge of such Distillery is and are hereby required in such Case to make such Charge, and return the same to the Collector of the District accordingly.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Discontinuance of working, under the Provisions herein-before mentioned, every Distiller shall, during the Continuance of his Licence in each Year, be Charged with and shall pay Duty for a Quantity of Spirits in respefr of each and every Still belonging to such Distiller, according to the Content thereof, and according to a certain Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each such Still, and according to a certain Number of Weeks and Days, as herein after mentioned; (that is to say): Every such Distiller shall be charged for each and every such Still for not iefs than Thirty-two Weeks, or Two hundred and twenty-four Days during the Continuance of such Licence; and that for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, while any such Still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under this Act, such Distiller shall be charged with and shall pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates herein-before mentioned) from the several Numbers o: Charges of Singlings or Low Wines herein after severally set forth, for and in respect of each and every Still, being of the several Contents following; that is to say:

From

Double Duly shall be charged on t-very dif-proportionate DeCrcafc of W a*.

Distiller shall he liable 10 Duty on Spirits according lo a cciuin Number of Monthly

Chm gc> of Low Wines' in'each

Stili for 32

Weeks or 224 Days in e ach Year; vii.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 88, 803'

Ffom Seventy-fbur Charges of Low Wines or Singlings for ererv Still under Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Five hundred Gallons Content:

From Seventy-two such Charges for every Still under One thousand Gallons Content, and not less than Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Sixty-six such Charges, for every Still under One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand Gallons Content:

From Sixty-four such Charges, for every Still under One thousand five hundred Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Sixty*two such Charges, for every Still under One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand five hundred Gallons Content:

From Fifty-eight such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand Gallons Content, and not less than One thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Fifty-six such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not lefsf than Two thousand Gallons Content:

From Fifty-four such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand five hundred Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Fifty-two such Charges, for every Still under Two thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content, and not less than Two thousand five hundred Gallons Content:

From Fifty such Charges, for every Still under Three thousand Gallons Content, and not less than Tw»o thousand seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content:

From Forty-eight such Charges, foroveiy Still of Three thousand Gallons Content or upwards:

And that every Distiller shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be charged with and pay Duty for as much more Spirits us might be produced, according to the Rates herein-before mentioned, from all Pot-Ale, Wash, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually distilwithin every such Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty-eight Days: And the Surveyor or Gauger in charge of any Distillery, shall, in his Return to the Collector of the District for the last Week of the first Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days next after the Day mentioned in any Notice for the Commencement or Recommencement of the working of any Still, in banner directed by this Act, and so in like Manner in his Return for the last Week of every other or subsequent Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty eight Days, while such Still shall continue or be presumed to continue working, or shall be chargeable as working under this Act, make a Return and Charge upon such Distiller of such Quantities of Spirits, and the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprized in the Returns of Spirits distilled by such Distiller during the Three preceding Weeks, shall amount to the full Quantity of Spirits' for which such Distiller k hereby chargeable with Duty for such Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty-eight Days; and also of such further Quantity of Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates herein-before. mentioned, from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Distiller shall actually diflil within such Week, and such Distiller shall pay the Duty, appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable, within Six Days afterLuch Return and Charge shall have been made, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of Spirits charged upon any Distiller in any Year, ending on the Twenty-ninth Day of September % shall not amount to the full Quantity of Spirits for which fttch Distiller is by this Act chargeable with Duty within such Year, being for the Period of Thirty<*two Weeks, or Two hundred and twenty-four Days, according to the Rates aforesaid, (exclusive of all Spirits made within or Duty charged in any Return for any Period of Foutf Weeks, for any additional Quantity which might have, been produced in such Period according to the Rates herein-before mentioned, from all Wash, Pot-Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Distiller shall have actually distilled within such Period), the Surveyor or Gaifger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller shall, within Twenty Days after such Twenty*ninth Day of September, make a Return to the Collector of the District in which such Distillery shall be situate, of such Quantities of Spirits, and of the Duties thereon, as, with the Quantities comprized in former Returns of Spirits against such Distiller within the Year endipgon such Twenty-ninth Day of September9(exclusive of such additional Quantities as aforesaid) shall amount to fehe foil Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act made chargeable with Duty for the Period of Thirty*two .Weeks, or Two hundred and twenty-four Days in such Year, according to t he Rates aforesaid, exclusive of such additional Quantities as aforesaid; and such Return shall be a Chargeon such Distiller, who shall pay Jthe Duty appearing by such Return to have become due abd payable within Sit Days after such Return shall have been made, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together With a Sum.equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged: Provided always, that if any Distiller shall be desirous of obtaining a Licence for any Still or Stills at any Time between the Firil Day of November in any Year, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in the succeeding Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Gommifliqners of Excise to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is by this Act chargeable with Duty for and in respect of such Still or Stills, during the Continuance of such Licence, to such Quantity of Spirits as may re&fonably be distilled in such Still or Stills between the Time that such Licence shall be so granted, and the Twertty-ninth Day of September then next ensuing; provided that such Reduction shall be in the Proportion to the Part of the Year which shall have elapsed from the Twenty-ninth Day of September preceding the taking -oyt such Licence, to, the Time of the taking out the same as Thirty-two Weeks is to Fifty-two Weeks; and that the Person taking out any Licence for such Still or Stills, shall in all other respecta be. fybjeft and liable to all the Rules and Regulations ki this Act contained.

LI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller. who shall have worked forfo many Periods of Eight Weeks pr Four Weeks, as. shall make in the whole Twentytfour .Weeks, or One hundred and sixty-ei ght Days in any one Year, after the Time when such Distiller shall have first commenced working, in, such Year, shall.

5 K 2 be

For Stills under. 750 O.11 Ions,

74 Cjtirg'-s; , vu ider 1 , oooo,

7z Charges; under 1, 250,

66 Chiracs;

under 1, 500,

64 Charge*; under 1.70,

(2 Clai'g- >;

under 2, 000,

58;

U: idc' 2, 250,

56

undi-r

54 Ch ug, s; under 7, " 0s,

52 Cij.ug >;

under 5, 0: 0,

50 Charge*; of 5, 000, &c.

4.8 chargts.

Officer fh dl : m; ikc Re*urn accordingly every? 4th Week, and Diniiicr pay Dufy according-.!y. Penalry 20U and Double Duty.

Officeri in eich Year shall nuke 'Return to 'complete the Amount of Opines

rhaigeable in the Year, cxr lufive cf any Surplus in Monthly ! Charge.

- s

*: J. b

impmered to grant Ab dement 'where a Still is frf up i) the C urfe of any Year. / T -

Dill.He rlitcool wot kin "Reruai

804.

Year on Notice j after- ti e End ol4

Penalty on Distiller working after such Notice 500l. &c.

Abatement o{

Duty to Distiller in case of Accident.

Distiller shall give Notice to Officers of cvety Maihing. Penalty 10l.

"Wash shall be drawn off in Coolers, and distilled in the Order in which it was brewed. Penalty 10L

'Each Brewing to he kept separate. Penalty aol.

C.S8. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

be def}rous to discontinue working for the Remainder of such Year, from the End of the said Twenty-four Weeks, or One hundred and sixty eight Days, during which be shall have worked as aforesaid, or from the JJod of any Period of Four Weeks* or Twenty-eight Days subsequent to the Period of One hundred and sixty eight Days, which he shall have actually worked in any one Year 5 it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller to discontinue working accordingly, on giving a Notice in Writing, of his Intention so to discontinue working for the Remainder of the Year, to the Commissioners of Excise, and also. to the Collector of the District, and to the Surveyor and Gauger in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work for the remainder of the Years And in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of them, upon Application to them made by such Distiller for that Purpose, to declare the Licence granted to such Distiller to be ended and determined from and after the Day mentioned for so discontinuing working, and the same shall be ended and determined accordingly; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to reduce the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller fhidl by this A A be chargeable with Duty, during the Continuance of his Licence, to such Quantity as such Distiller shall be chargeable with during so many Periods of Eight Weeks or Four Weeks, as such Distiller shall have actually continued working, or shall have been chargeable as continuing to work, together with such further Quantity of Spirits as might be produced from all Warn, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Distiller shall have actually distilled during such Periods, according to the Rates in this Act specified s And if at any Time after the Day mentioned in any such Notice of any such Distiller, for so discontinuing to work for the Remainder of the Year, any such Distiller shall brew any \Vdrts, Wash, or Pot Aie, or shall distil any Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines, or shall work any Still or Stills in such Distillery, or if after the Day mentioned for so discontinuing to work, any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, shall be found, or any Still or Stills shall be discovered working in the Distillery of such Distiller, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and shall be chargeable and charged with, and pay Duty under this Act, as if he had not given such Notice of Discontinuance as aforesaid 5 and it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to licence any Person to keep the said Distillery, or to have, keep, or make use of any Still or Stills therein, for the Remainder of such Year, nor during the Term of One Year next ensuing the Twenty-ninth Day of September after such Offence shall have been committed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three of the said Commissioners of Excise to reduce or abate the Quantity of Spirits wherewith any Distiller shall be chargeable in any Year by virtue of this Act, according to the Number of Weeks or Days as aforesaid, upon Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that some Fatality, such as Fire, or any other unavoidable Accident or Misfortune, shall have prevented such Distiller from working such Number of Weeks or Days s Provided always, that such Reduction or Abatement be first approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall intend to commence to brew or mash any Corn, such Distiller shall. Four Hours at least before so commencing to mash any Corn, give Notice to the Officer in charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, by an Entry to be made in a Book to be provided by such Officer for such Distiller, and to be kept in such Distillery, ) of the particular Hour and Time when such Distiller so intends to brew or mash any Corn, and the Number of Bushels of Corn, distinguishing whether malted or unmalted, or Meal, intended to be used in every such brewing or mashing, and also the Time when such brewing will be completed, and the Worts be off; and if such Distiller shall intend to make any second mashingxrfthe same Materials, with any Addition thereto of any further Quantity of Corn, malted or unmalted, such Distiller shall give a like Notice: And such Book shall be carefully kept by such Distiller, and the said Entries being made therein, the said Book shall, within Forty-eight Hours after the Expiration of every Period of Four Week* or Twenty-eight Days, be delivered by such Distiller to such Officer: and in Case any Com, malted or unmalted shall be mashed or brewed in the Distillery of any Distiller, without such Notice being given by Entry to be made in such Book, all Worts, Wash, and Pot Ale, brewed from such Corn, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every brewing of Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, from Coro, shall be separately run off into or placed on Coolers, and shall be therein gauged and meafqred by the proper Officer, within a reasonable Time before the same shall be let into any fermenting Back; and that all Woits, Wash, or Pot Ale, from Com shall be distilled in the Order in which the same was brewed; and that no newer Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, shall be distilled while there is any older Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale on hand and not distilled 5 and that if any such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller which shall not have been so run off into, and placed on Coolers, and gauged accordingly, or which shall have been brewed longer than any such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, as shall have been then actually distilled, or distilling, such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller shall put into nor keep in any Back, Cooler, or other Vessel, which shall be capable of containing the full Charge of the Still, or (if there shall be more than One Still) of the largest Still in the Distillery of such Distiller, at any One Time, a smaller Quantity of Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, than the full Charge of some One Still in such Distillery; nor shall mix in any One such Back, Two or more different Brewings of Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, or any Part thereof; nor shall put any Low Wines or Singlings into any Vessel, until every other Vessel in such Distillery in which any Low Wines or Singlings shall have been previously put, shall be completely filled with Low Wines or Singlings 5 and if any Back, Cooler, or other Vessel in the Distillery of any Distiller shall be found containing any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, contrary to the Regulations of this Act, such Distiller shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

e

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 88. 805

LVI. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be made in the gauging or taking Account of the No Allowance Contents of any Back, Vat, or other Vessel, for or in respect of any Grouting or Ground Corn or Meal, or other for Grouting. Colfcposition, Matter, or Thing, added to the Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, in such Back, Vat, or other Vessel, whilst such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, are in the Course of Preparation for being distilled; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Worts, Wash, or I*ot Ale, made from Corn, which shall not be tv.fh shall be distilled at the Expiration of Six Days, including the Day of brewing and the Day of distilling, and all Sugar difliiUd within Wash and Wash made of Melasses, which shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Twelve Days, including the a limited Time. Day of breaking down the Melasses or Sugar with Water, and the Day of distilling, and all Wash made of Sweet Waters which shall not be distilled at the Expiration of Six Days, including the Day of receiving and the Day of distilling the fame, shall be considered as Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, not included in any former Charge against the Distiller; and such Distiller shall be charged with Duty in respect of such Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale, according to the Directions of this Acth

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits Wort* shall not shall boil, heat, or prepare, by means of Fire, any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, or other Liquor, in any Copper, bc h«ted after Vessel, or other Utensil whatever other than a licensed Still, after such Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, or other Liquor penTlty'sooL has been fermented 5 but that all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Liquor, or other Materials, shall, after Fermentation, y be fairly put into a licensed Still or Stills, without having undergone boiling, heating, or any Preparation by means of Fire, whereby the Process of Distillation may be shortenea or accelerated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated; on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller, during the Time that such Distiller shall have any Distiller shall Worts, Wash, or Pot Ale from Corn, on hand or undistilled, or until he has drawn off and distilled all Worts, Wa^and^SiTar Wash, or Pot Ale from Corn, shall receive, have, keep, or make use of any Melasses, Melasses Wash, Sugar \Va(h tohi* US*r Wash, or Sweet Water, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and ail Worts, Wash, Possession at the or Pot Ale from Corn, and all Melasses, Melasses Wash, Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, which shall be found same Time, at one and the same Time in any Distillery, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise. Penally 100l.

LX. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, Twenty-four Hours at the leall before Receipt Distiller shall of any Quantity of decayed Wines, Melasses, or Melasses Wash, Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, or any Wash give Notice of not made of Corn, into the Distillery of such Distiller, give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Gauger in Sugtr

Charge of such Distillery, of the particular Quantity and Kind of all such decayed Wines, Melasses, or Wash Penalty 50l. not made of Corn, and of the Specie* thereof and of the Time when such Distiller intends to receive the same; and if any decayed Wines or Melasses, or any Kind of Wash not made of Corn, shall be found in the Distillery of any Distiller, without such Notice having been so given as herein required, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized or spilled by any Officer of Excise, and such Distiller shall forfeit Fifty Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Pot Ale or Wash in which there shall be any Mixture of Corn Penalty on and Melasses, or Sugar, or of Com Wash, and Melasses Wash, or Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, shall be found in Distiller having the Distillery of any Distiller, or in any Place adjoining thereto, or in the Possession of any such Distiller; or if any Spirits shall be found distilling or distilled from any such Mixture, such Distiller, as often as the same shall \vIflHn hit S be so found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and, upon the Trial of any Information for the said Possession, 100U Penalty, such Distiller shall be convicted, unless due Proof shall be made by such Distiller that the Pot Ale or Wash in respect of which such Information shall be brought, did not contain any'Mixture of Com and Melasses or Sugar, or of Com Wash and Melasses Wash, or Sugar Wash, or Sweet Water, or that the Spirits were not distilling or dicti led from any such Mixture, as the Case may be.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ofncer of Excise shall find any Still at Work, and the if Contents 6F Distiller, or any Person employed by such Distiller shall refuse to declare what such Still then contains, it shall be gll, j ar*, n?t lawful for such Officer of Excise to charge the Distiller as if such Still contained Singlings or Low Wines, and ftalfk? ihargcJ such Distiller shall pay the Duties by this Act chargeable accordingly. at singling*.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Liquor shall be declared as Feints, or taken as such, in any \ynat shall be Distillery which shall be of a greater Strength than Eighty-five per Centum under Proof; and that in case any considered a* Liquor declared as Feints shall be found of a greater Strength, the same shall be charged as Singlings or Low Feints, and how Wines; and that no Liquor called Feints shall be distilled or otherwise disposed of, than by being spilled, or by 10 bc cl, fPofed of* mixing the same with Pot Ale. or Wash in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, at the Option of the Distiller; and that if any Decrease shall at any Time be found in the Quantity of such Feints more than is justified by the Quantity so mixed with Wash or Pot Ale, or so fpi led as aforesaid in the Presence of an Officer, such Distiller shall be charged for a Quantity of Spirits in Proportion of One Gallon of Spirits to Three Gallons of such Decrease of Quantity in such Feints.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Officer of Excise shall have entered into the Distillery, 5^ of Distiller Warehouse, Store, or any other Place belonging to any Distiller, such Distiller, or some Person employed on shall be shewn behalf of such Distiller, shall, on Demand of any such Officer, show or cause to be shown to such Officer all the and declared to Stock on Hand of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines and Spirits, belonging to such Distiller, and shall give or cause to be given to such Officer a Declaration of the fame; that is to say, that the Stock so shown is all peoahy iool. the Stock of Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines and Spirits of or belonging to such Distiller: And if such Distiller, or some Person on his Behalf, shall not, on Demand made by any such Officer, forthwith show or cause to be shown such Stock, or make such Declaration as aforesaid, or if such Distiller, or any Person showing such Stock or making such Delaration, shall make any false or untrue Declaration of such jStock, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit One hundred Pounds 5 and if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall upon Search discover any Wash, Pot Ale, Singlings, or Low Wines or Spirits, in any Distillery, or in any other Place

belonging

8oS

C. 88.

A.D. 1806.

H^gulatlbn* at

To ci» ci »HIU w tu€l( of

Putaky 2e!.

IVnalry 1 cl-Officer fh.nl m ike a a<^kly Re'inn or thi .D ltiller u-l.o shall p y the Duly accord-ingly. Penalty 2: 1 and Double Duty.

Piftille: s shall make E: nics thcrr.lelvev, and pay Duties weekly. Penalty aol. &c.

In case of

JDifcontimianct, the Weekly Repoit and Entry ffa.ill include the D*y of Discontinuance.

In case of Disput*: , Officer shall verify his Return by Affidavit.

Distiller shall not drfpute such Charge unless he has made his own weekly Return.

For amending. Errors inOfficcis* Returns, and relieving or fuichaiging Distiller* accordingly.

46° GEORGII III.

1 .^longing to any Distillor, yvliich lba'1 not have been duly Ibown or declared, or which shall be in any Plac£ hr o; ure belonging to such Distiller, not registered under this Act, then all such Walh, Pot Ah', Singlings, or Low'Wines or Spirits, shall be forfeited, and such Distiller or Distillers shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits, and for every Nine Gallons of Walh or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of Singlings or Low Wines so found and discovered.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller, or Servant or Person in the Employment of such Distiler.&hofhalilhow the Stock of such Distiller to any Officer of Excise, shall count all the Calks of Spirits.and declare the Number thereof to such Officer taking an Account of the fame; and in case such Distiller, Servant, or other Person, shall icfufe or neglect so to do, such Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if after such Declaration as aforesaid, any of the Calks which shall have been declared to contain Spirits, shall be found to be empty, or to contain any other Liquor or Thing save only Spirits, or if more CafKs than One shall be found not to be full, or if a greater Number of Calks shall be found than have been so dcc'ared, every such Calk, and the Contents thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and such Distiller shall forfeit for every Calk so found, not corresponding with such Declaration, the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of the Distillery of any Distiller, or any other Officer of Excise appointed or authorised so to do, shall, once in a Week, on or after the Tuesday in every Week, make a Return or Report in Writing to the Collector of the District in which such Distillery is situate, or to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint to receive the same, of the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is under this Act chargeable with Duty, and of the Duty thereon, for the Week commencing on the Monday next but one preceding such Tuesday, and every such Officer (hah, and he is hereby required, to leave a true Copy of such Return in Writing under his Hand, with every such Distiller, or at inch Distillery, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omission in £0 doing, and such Return or Report of such Officer shall be a Charge upon evpry such Distiller for such Week; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to have become due and payable, within Six Days from the last Day of the Week, for which such Return shall be made and Duty charged, or shall for every Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller shall, under the proper Hand of such Distiller, or under the Hand of some Person for whom such Distiller shall be respopfible, Once in a Week, on or after the Turf lay in every Week, at the Excise Office of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, make true Entry of the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is under this Act chargeable with Duty for the Week commencing on the Monday next but one preceding such Tuefduy, and shall, at the Time of making such Entry, pay and clear off the whole of the Duty payable for such Quantity of Spirits, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Omission, Neglect, or Default of such Entry or Payment, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty which such Distiller shall by Law be chargeable with for such Week.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Distiller shall have discontinued working on a Monday, under any of the Provisions in this Act contained, the Weekly Report or Return of the Officer, and the Weekly Entry of the Distiller to be made under this Act, on or after the Tuesday next succeeding such Monday, shall contain the Quantity of Spirits for which such Distiller is chargeable with Duty, on and from the Monday next but one proceeding such Return or Entry, until and upon the Monday of such l ifcontinuance, including both the said Days; and the Duty shall be charged and paid on such Quantity of Spirits accordingly, in like Manner as any Duty under any other Weekly Return, Report, or Entry, is by this Act dtrebled to be charged and paid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That as often as any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any Officer of Excise and any Distiller, touching the Amount of Duty charged by the Return of such Officer upon such Distiller, for or in respc£l of any Quantity of Spirits pursuant to this Act, such Officer shall verify, by Affidavit made before the Collector of the Distribl, or some Justice of the Peace, that the Return made by him is true and fair, according to the bell of his Skill and Knowledge, and thereupon such Return shall be a Charge upon the Distiller disputing the fame: Provided always that no Distiller shall be allowed to controvert or dispute any Return or Charge of Duty by any Officer, unless such Distiller shall have made a regular Weekly Return of the Quantity of Spirits by him distilled, and paid the Duly chargeable on the fame, and shall in such his Weekly Return have made his Objection to the Return or Charge of such Officer.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That iu case any Officer of Excise shell at any Time have committed any Error in any Return to be made by him under this Act, by including or charging in such Return a greater or less Quantity of Spirits, or a greater or less Amount of Duty than ought to have been returned or charged by him against any Distiller according to the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, or for the Surveyor or other Examinator of the Accounts of such Officer, and they are hereby respectively required, to reblify the same as speedily as may be convenient, within Six Months after such Return shall have been made, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Excise; and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any distiller, was greater than the same ought to have been, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required, to make an Allowance forthwith to such Distiller of the Amount of Duty so overcharged 5 and if it shall appear that the Quantity of Spirits, and the Amount of Duty charged in any such Return against any riftiller, was less than the same ought to have been, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to give Notice to such Distiller of the Amount of the l. eficiency of the Duty in consequence of such erroneous Return; and if such Distiller shall not, within One Month after such Notice, Ihow sufficient Cause to

such

46° GEORGII III.

C. 88.

807

such Commissioners of Excite why lie should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency, it (Hall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Excise to order a Return to be made to the Collector of the biftrift in which such Distiller dial reiidc, of the Amount of such Deficiency; and the Dufy specified in such Return shall be a Surcharge on such Distiller; and if such Distiller shall not, upon Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duty so surcharged, or such Part thereof as shall be established by the said Commit* sioners, such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and a Sum equal to Double the Amount of Duty which shall be so returned and surcharged; provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Distiller, unless it shall have been made, and the Amount thereof demanded, within Nine Months after the Date of the original Return.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Payment by any Distiller of any Sum of Money less than the Amount of Duty returned, or to be returned, by any Officer of Excise to be payable by such Distiller, shall not exempt such Distiller from the Payment of the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Distiller; and that if such Distiller shall not pay such Difference within Seven Days next after such Return of such Officer, such Distiller shall for every such Default forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Difference between the Amount of Duty so returned by such Officer, and the Sum so paid by such Distiller.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Stock of Spirits in the Stores or Possession of any Distiller, Fattoj, or other Person dealing in or storing Spirits in Ireland, not being licensed to fell Spirits by Retail, shall be less than the Quantity of Spirits which, by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excise, ought to be in the Stores or Possession of such Distiller, Fadlor, or other Person, every such Distiller, Factor, or other Person, for every Time such Decrease shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits which shall be so deficient.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Distillery of every Distiller there shall be safely kept such Minute Books as shall be delivered to such Distiller by the Surveyor or Gauger in Charge of such Dillillery, in which Books such Officers shall from Time to Time make true Entries x>f the Times when they (Hall respectively visit such Distillery, and of all such other Particulars relative to the State and Condition of such Dillillery, as such Officers (hell find necessary and expedient, or as shall be diddled by any superior Officer; and such Distiller shall, within Three Days after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, and the Twenty-ninth. Day of September respectively in every Year, deliver such Books to the Surveyor of Excise then in Charge of such Distillery: And in case any Distiller to whom such Book shall be tendered by any Officer of Excise, shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the fame, shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate, or alter such Book, or any Entry therein, or cause the same to be torn, defaced, obliterated, or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any Entry therein, or in case such Distiller, or any Person employed in such Distillery, shall at any Time, when required by any Officer of Excise, neglect or refuse to produce such Book, or shall neglect to deliver such Book at the limes aforesaid, to the Surveyor of Excise, such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller shall send out any Spirits in any less Quantity than Thirty Gallons, or without being accompanied by a 1 gal Permit, or if any Spirits shall be delivered or carried out of any Distillery between Sunset and Sunrife, without Notice first given to the Officer of Excise, who shall from Time to Time be in Charge of the Distillery of such Distiller, to the Intent that such Officer maybe present to gauge such Spirits, every fifeh Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the' Sum of Ten rounds; and all such Spirits, and the Casks or Vessels containing the ftme, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fei>.ed by any Officer of Excise.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duties payable under this Act by any Distiller, shall be unpaid at the Time when such Duties are by this Act made due and payable, it shall be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District in which the Distillery of such Distiller shall be situate, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any I^rfon or Persons to take and distrain all Spirits, and all Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, and all Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling used in any such Distillery, and all Malt, Corn, and other Materials for distilling, and to cause the same to be sold by publick Auction; and if after the Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Distiller, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking and distraining, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the 8alc thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Distiller or his KcpreDntatives Provided always, that when any Spirits shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller or his Representatives, at any Time or Times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to obtain Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Spirits, upon his or their paying to the Collector, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Spirits as he or they shall desire to remove 5 and the same may be removed accordingly, and a proper Permit or proper Permits shall, on due Application, be given for the fame, in like Manner as if no such Distresshad been made.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, ' and all Coppers and other Vessels and Utensils for distilling, having been used in any Distillery, by what Title or Conveyance soever the same shall be claimed, or into whose Hands soever the same shall afterwards come, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all Debts due to the Crown, and Duties of Excise, which shall be in Arroar and owing by any Person for any Spirits distilled or made within such Distillery, and shall also be subject to the Payment of all such Penalties as shall have been incurred by any Person who shall have occupied or used such Distillery, for any Offence against this Act; and it shall be lawful in all Cases to levy such Debts, Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by Distress and Sale of such Utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the Person owing such Debts and Duties, or incurring such Penalties and Forfeitures, was at the Time the real Proprietor of such. Utensils.

LXXVII. And.

Payment by

Distiller of his own Calculation of Duty, shall not exempt him' from Payment according to the Officer's Return.

Penalty on Pe-crease of Stoclt of DtftiJlers, Fn£Ws, or Dealers, not being Retailer^ 10s. per Gallon;

Minute Books (kali bedelivered ard kept in each Distill* ry.

Penalty zool.

Pt-nnUy on fen filing*t»r Spirits, in le'.s Qu unities-than 30G ilfons, 01 at Night without Notice, lOl. &'C,

Collector

cmpowcicd so r ift; < n for

Du: .<5.

All Utcr.fiii in a1 Distillerv shall r> main liable to Payment of Duties and Pejiaitio.

So8

Counties to Dif-tiifers using large Still*; viz. 16 per Cent, fc r Stills of 1500 Gallons, and 8 per Cent, for Stills of ioco Gallons.

Bounty shall be

jryable

monthly.

Bounty payable according to the lead Still used.

Brnzieis shall t.ike out annual Licence*.

Penalty tool.

Security to be given, and Jleturns made by Braziers.

Brazier shall stamp Name and Content on Stills and Heads. Penalty sol.

Penalty on Persons having Stills nor according to Proportions directed by this Act, tool.

Penalty on Braziers having Stills left than 500 Gallons without Licence, 201.

C. 88. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That during the Continuance of this A A, every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still, the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall contain One thousand five hundred Gallons or upwards, shall be allowed and paid Monthly by the Collector of Excise of the District, out of any Money in his Hands, a Bounty after the Rate of Sixteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by such Distiller in the Month preceding; and every Distiller in Ireland who shall make use of any Still, the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall contain One thousand Gallons, and shall not contain One thousand five hundred Gallons, shall be allowed and paid in like Manner a Bounty after the Rate of Eight Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties on Spirits paid by such Distiller in the Month preceding.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Bounty shall be from Time to Time paid by such Collector on the Amount of Duties actually paid by such Distiller, fora Period of Four Weeks preceding; and such Bounty shall be received and receivable by such Distiller, on or before Payment by him of Duty for the Week next succeeding every such Four Weeks, if such Distiller shall demand the fame; and such Collector shall keep a separate Account of all Bounties so paid, and such Distiller shall conform to such Regulations, with respect to such Bounty, as the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being shall direct and appoint.

LXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller shall have or make use of more than One Still, such Distiller shall be allowed a Bounty on the whole Amount of the Duties paid by such Distiller, after the Rate payable in respect of the Still of the smallest Size.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That every Brazier or Worker in Brass, Copper, Tin, or Metal of any Kind, in Ireland, before he shall make any Still, Still Head, or Worm, shall take out a Licence from the said Commissioners of Inland Excise in Ireland, to follow the Business of making and repairing Stills, expressing his Name and Place of Abode upon Paper or Parchment, signed by One Commissioner, and stamped according to Law, to be in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next following the Issue thereof, and shall annually take out a similar Licence on every Twenty-fifth Day of March, so long as he shall continue to follow such his Trade; and if any such Brazier or Worker shall make at any Time or in any Place, or repair any Still, Still Head, or Worm, without having obtained such Licence, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds?; and all Tools, Utensils for working Metals, Tin, or Copper Plates, Stills, Still Heads, or Worms, and all Pieces thereof, or Preparations for making the same, which shall be found in his or her Possession; shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted to any Person until he shall enter into a Bond to His Majesty^His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, conditioned that he will from Time to Time make a true Return, verified by Affidavit, to the nearest Officer of Excise, of the Name and Place of Abode of every Person for whom he shall make or repair any Still, Still Head, or Worm, together with the Number of Gallons each such Still shall contain, Twenty-four Hours at the least after making or repairing the fame, and before he shall suffer the same to be taken or delivered out of his House, Shop, or Place of Work; and that he shall also, within Three Days after the End of each Quarter of a Year, from the Quarter Day next following after the Commencement of his Licence, make a Return to the Collector of the District wherein he shall work of the whole Number of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms, made or repaired by him in the preceding Quarter of a Year, with the Name and Place of Abode of every Person for whom he shall have made or repaired the fame, and the Number of Gallons each such Still so made or repaired shall contain, or that he has not made or repaired any Still, Still Head, or Worm, in the Course of the preceding Quarter of a Year.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Brazier or other Person making any Still whatsoever, shall, before dispofirig of the fame, (lamp on the Bread of such Still, over that Part thereof where the Cock of such Still shall be placed, and also on the Head of such Still respectively, the Name and Place of Residence of such Maker, and also the Name and Place of Residence of the Person to whom the same shall be disposed of, at full Length, in Roman Letters, and the Year of our Lord "in which such Still shall be disposed of, in Figures, and the Number of the Gallons also in Figures which such Still and Head respectively shall be capable of containing, such Letters and Figures to beC lunk in the Metal of such Still, and not less than Half an Inch long, under Pain of forfeiting for every Default therein the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if any such Still shall afterwards be enlarged, the Brazier or Person enlarging the fame, shall in like Manner damp the Number of Gallons such 'rtill or Still Head respectively shall be capable of containing after such Enlargement thereof, under a like Penalty of Ten Pounds.

LXXXIIf. And be it further enacted, That if any Brazier other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin, or otfier Metal, shall make or have in his or her Possession, and if any Distiller shall have, keep, or make use of any Still, the Proportion of the Diameters and Altitude whereof shall be contrary to this Act, every such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Person or Persons making, keeping, or using the fame, or having the same in his or her Possession, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Brazier or other Person dealing in Brass, Copper, Tin, or other Metal, shall make or have in his or her Possession any Still, the Content of the Body whereof, without the Head or any Appendage thereto, shall be less than Five hundred Gallons, other than and except any such Still only as may be licensed by the Commissioners of Excise, under the Provisions of this A cl, nor unless such Brazier or other Person shall have previously obtained a Licence from some One Commissioner of Excise for making or keeping the fame; and in case such Still shall be of less Content than Five hundred Gallons, setting forth that the lame is for the Use of some Chymist, Apothecary, or other Person duly licensed to use the fame; and if any such Still shall be found in the Possession of any Brazier or other Person act aforesaid, who shall not

12 produce

46° GEORGII III.

C. 88.

809

produce a Licence for making or keeping the fame, such Brazier or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pound?, and such Still shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXaXV. And be it further enacted, That no Brazier or Manufacturer of Metal, or other Person, in NiSri ! shall he Ireland\ shall fend or convey any Still, Still Head, or Worm, to any Person whorasoever, unless a Permit conveyed granted by an Officer of Excise for the Removal of such Still, Still Head, or Worm, shall have been obtained, Uwnu Perm, ts by such Brazier, Manufacturer, or other Person: and such Permit shall contain in the Body thereof the Name e, w iy lo1* of the Brazier or Manufacturer thereof, or other Person fending the fame, and of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which such Still, Still Head, or Worm, is intended to be sent, and also the Content in Gallons of such Still, and the Head thereof respectively 5 and every such Still, Still Head, and Worm, which shall be found conveying or conveyed, and for the Conveyance of which such Permit shall not be produced, shall be Forfeited, and may be seized by any Person whatever, and the Brazier, Manufacturer, or other Person fending or conveying the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXXXVI.' And be it further enacted, That the Person to whom any such Still shall be conveyed shall, Permir shall be within Forty-eight Hours after the Arrival of such Still, deliver up the Permit under which such Still shall have ddiwed ut> , u been conveyed, to the proper Officer of the Walk in which such Person shall reside, and such Officer shall cmThc ae* thereupon grant a Certificate to such Person in lieu of such Permit; and if any such Still shall be found in the thereof given Possession of any Person after the Expiration of Forty-eight Hours from the Arrival thereof, without such by him. Certificate, such Still shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Still, Still Head, or Worm, or other Utensil for dif- Penalties on tilling of Spirits, shall be found in the Possession of any Person, not being a Brazier, or not being duly licensed to have or keep the fame, and in case any Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Four Gallons, (except such Spirits s^li^ Spirits* for which a Permit or Certificate shall be produced, ) or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, shall or W ish, in their be found in the Possession of any Person not duly licensed under this Act, such Person shall for every such Still, PoflVflun, 10l.; Still Head, Worm, or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for every and o*.per Gallon of such Spirits, and for every Ten Gallon^ of such Wash or Pot Ale, and for every Three Gallons of such Low Wines or Singlings, the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And all such Stills, Still Heads, Worms, or other Utensils, and all Spirits, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, and Singlings so found, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Evcife.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, keep, or conceal, or shall Penalty on Per-knowingly permit to be harboured, kept, or concealed, or shall give any Aid or Assistance, or Reward, to any son* conecalm* Person or Persons to harbour, keep, or conceal, any Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, or Pot Ale, which sPinU> Sl<^shall have been unlawfully made or distilled, every such Person, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds 5 and all such Spirits, Low Wines, Singlings, Wash, and Pot Ale, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

LXxXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland shall make use of any Still, Still Head, Unlicensed Dif-or Worm for distilling, or shall make or distil any Low Wines, Singlings, or Spirits, or shall brew, make, or tillen declared ferment any Wort, Wash, or Pot Ale, wherewith, and with the Intent to distil Low Wines, Singlings, or M^anor Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for distilling, every such Person shall be deemed and anfl pU; Ujh.ible taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place accouimgiy; and where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on Oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for f »fcc Second the Apprehension of such Person, and on Examination into the Complaint, to commit such Person to Gaol, ^1 b

there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law; and in case any Indictment shall be found against such , r4 porw*Person, he or she shall plead thereto, without having Time to traverse the fame; and it shall he lawful for the Court, by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to infli& such Punishment on such Person for the first'Offence as may by Law be inflicted on Persons guilty of Misdemeanors 5 and for the second Offence to sentence such Person, focorrvicted, to be transpottecl for the Term of Seven Years.

XC. And Whereas the Penalties heretofore imposed on Townlands and Places wherein any unlicensed Still On Infoimatieii or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits were seized, have befen found ineffectual to prevent such unlicensed to»Jyfi»ceof*Stills or other Utensils, and it is expedient to make other Provisions in order to prevent all Fraud, Cotlufibn, a jfun-

and Connivance with respect to the using such unlicensed Stills or other Utensils* Be it therefore enacted,

' That Jt shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Information upon U, 1K. lo lhe next Oath to him given, that any unlicensed Still or other Utensil for distilling of Spirits has been found, or is used AiHic, where in any Place within the Jurisdiction of such Justice, to examine into the Truth of such Information 5 and if he ti»c f OwH be

shall find Reason to believe that such Still or other Utensil has been so used or found, he shall bind over the '*

Person or Persons giving such Information to appear at the Affixes ^or presenting Term, if in the County or

County of the City of Dublin) which shall be next ensuing after the Expiration of Seven Days from the Day of -

such Information, to give Evidence, if necessary, in support of such Information: And such Justice shall cause is found or used. Notice of such Information to be served on any Two Inhabitants of the Parish being Householders, (or if such Still or other Utensil shall be found or used in any Extra-parochial Place, or on the Mearings or Bounds of any Two or more Parishes, then on Two such Inhabitants of the Townland), in which it shall appear by such Information that any such unlicensed Still or other Utensil was found or used, Seven Days at the lead previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes, or first Day of such presenting Term; and such Justice shall, at or before such Assizes or presenting Term, deliver to the Clerk of the Crown all such Informations, so made before him, and all Examinations taken by him thereon respectively, and such Clerk of the Crown shall lay the same before the Court at the said respective Assizes or presenting Term: And in case any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cess in such Parish or Townland respectively shall appear at such Assizes or presenting Term, and Geo. III. 5 L shall

l i- tl, and a Fme of 50I imposed 011 the Piirish in which the Still

Sio C. 88. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

shall offer to controvert the Fail of finding or using such Still or other Utensil, or the Fail that any such Still or other Utensil was unlicensed, or that the Parish or Towidand mentioned in any such Information was the Parish or Townland wherein such Still or other Utensil was so found or used; or shall offer to prove that any such Still ofr other Utensil, found within such Parish or Townland, was collusively left or brought there for the Purpose of 1 charging such Parish or Townland with the Penalty by thi'3 Ail imposed on such Parish or Townland, and was not ufea in Distillation within such Parish or Townland; it shall be lawful for the Court, at the same Assizes or presenting Term, and such Court is hereby required, to try the Fail or Fails so offered to be controverted or proved, in the same Manner as the Trial of aTraverse to any Presentment of a Grand Jury; upon which Trial the Person having given such Information as aforesaid shall be a competent Witness: And if a Verdict shall be given agreeable to the Information so made to such Justice of the Peace, or if no Person shall appear at such Assizes or presenting Term to controvert or prove the Fails as aforesaid, such Court shall fine such Parish or'Townland in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall direct the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City,

to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sum of Fifty Pounds off the Parish or Townland respectively, in which it shall appear by such Information that such Still was found or used; which said Sum of Fifty Pounds shall be levied by the Collector of the Grand jury Cess, in like Manner, and with like Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, in case of Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law in respect to any, ^pphcatToiv Money to be levied under any Presentment of a Grand Jury: And every such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds,

©I Fewaii j* after dedQcting the Costs of recovering the fame, shall be applied in Manner herein after mentioned, that is to say.

One (after such Deduction) of every such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds as shall be levied off any Parish

or Townland in the County of the City of Dublin, or the Liberties thereunto belonging, or in the County of Dublin, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said County and County of the City of Dublin to the Society for difeounte-nancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the said City, for the Use of the said Society; and one Moiety (after such Deduction) of such Sum of Fifty Pounds as shall be levied in any other Parish or Townland in Ireland, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town or City, in which such Parish or Townland is situate, to the Treasurer of the publick Infirmary or Hospital of such County, for the Use of such Infirmary or Hospital; and the other Moiety (after such Deduction) of such Sum of Fifty Pounds shall in all Cases be paid by the Treasurer of such County, County of a Town or City ', t«'auy Officer of Excise or Customs who shall have given such Information to such Justice of the Peace as herein-before mentioned, and who shall appear at such Assizes or presenting Term pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute the fame, and shall be applied by such Officer in rewarding himself and his Assistants, in such Manned, and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioners of Excise shall order and direct; and in case the Informer shall not be Officer of Excise or Customs, such last mentioned Moiety (after such Deduction) Oiall be paid by such Treasurer according to the Directions of the Court, either to such Informer, or to such Justice of the Peace, to be by such Justice applied in rewarding the Person or Persons from whom he received such Information, or otherwise, towards the iupprefling of all unlicensed Stills within his Jurisdiction, in such Manner as to such Justice shall seem most fitting and expedient: Provided always, that in case the Amount of the Sum payable under this Act, to the Infirmary or Hospital of the County, County of a Town or City in which the Parish or Townland shall be situate, off which any such Fine shall be levied, shall at any one Assizes exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or in case there shall rot be any such County Infirmary or Hospital, then and in either of such Cases respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Court to direct that all Sums of Money, which shall exceed the said Amount of One hundred and

For reimbu, 6'g to iMhahitaitt* the F oe inflidUd f*i unlawful Stiib.

XCII. An 1

fifty Pounds, or which by this Act are made payable to the Treasurer of the County Infirmary, shall be paid and applied to the erecting of a Ward for Idiots and Lunaticks in any such Infirmary, or shall be paid and applied to fpch'other Infirmary or charitabe Fnstitution within such County, as the said Court shall think fit XCl. And in order to reimburse to the several Inhabitants or Landholders in any Parish or Townland, upon or by whom any Money shall have been levied or paid on Account of any Penalty in respect of any unlicensed Still, or other Utensil, by virtue of any Warrant from any Treasurer as aforesaid, the Money paid by them respectively on such Account; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Cue Inhabitant or Landholder in any Parish or Townland, who shall have paid any such Money or Penalty, or any Part thereof, to proceed on Behalf of the whole Parish or Townland, at any Time within Three Years from the Time when any such Mo.: ey was paid, by Civil Bill against the Person who was the Owner of the unlicensed Still or other Utensil on account of which any such Money wa- so levied and paid, or against the Person who made use of the fame, or against the Person in whose Tenement the same wasfeized, for the Recovery of the Whole of the Money so paid by the Inhabitants or Landholders of such Parish or Townland on account of such Penalty, in respect of such unlicensed Still or ther Utensil; and any such Inhabitant or Landholder who shall first proceed in Manner aforesaid E>r the Recovery of such Money, shall recover the Amount of the Penalty or Money so paid by such Parish or Townland, in the same Manner as any Debt or Demand in ordinary Cafe& recoverable by Civil Bill, may be recovered and levied, with full Costs; and the Money so hecovered shall be paid to the Person suing for the fame, and shall be by him applied in Repayment, to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish or Townland, of the respective Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Penalty, in such Manner as the Assistant Barrister, or Julge of Assize before whom such Recovery fha 11 be had, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no Sum of Money shall be recovered in Manner aforesaid, on Behalf of any Parish or Townland, by more than One Person, on account of One and the same Penalty, levied on any such Parish or Townland in respect of any unlicensed Still or ether Utensil; and that if more Persons than One shall proceed by Civil Bill on account of One and the same Penalty, the Assistant Barrister, or Judge of Assize, shall difinifs the Bill of every Person, so proceeding, except that of the Person who fhafthave first proceeded in Maimer aforesaid, on account of such Penalty,

46° GEORGII III.

C. 88. 811

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Collusion, in leaving or bringing in or into any Parish or Townland, any unlicensed Still! or other Utensil for diililling of Spirits, whereby such Parish or Townland shall be or become liable to the Payment of any Fine under this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of T^n Pounds t and if such Person shall be an Officer, appointed by or ladling under the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, such Person shall, upon Conviction for such Offence, be and is hereby declared and rendered incapable of holding any Office or Employment whatsoever. Civil or Military, under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or under any Authority derived from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XCIII ' And Whereas the allowing Spirits made or distilled from Corh in Ireland\ to be warehoused there

for Exportation without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable in Ireland thereon, may tend to promote

the profitable Export thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Distiller or Maker of such Spirits in Ireland, to warehouse his Spirits for Exportation without Payment of such Duty of Excise, according to the Provisions of this Act, and subject to such Rules and Regulvtions as the said Commissioners of Excise in Ireland shall, from Time to Time, direct or order in any of His Majesty's Stores or Warehouses at the Ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newty, Bel/djl, G ilway, Liaiericl: , Londonderry/ Cork, Youghall, WaterfordWexford, Sligo, Weflport and Kinfalc, or at any other Port in Ireland, in which, or in the Liitridl in which such Port shall ba situated, Stills of not less than Five hundred Gallons h? Content shall be hereafter licensed by the said Commissioners: Provided always, that no Spirits of a Strength less than a Strength equal to.One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, by Clarke's Hydrometer, or by such other Hydrometer as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, shall be so WarehoCifed; and) that all such Spirits shall be contained in Calks of not less than One hundred Gallons Content, and that there be marked on the Head of each Calle in Letters or Figures cut therein, the Number of Gallons of Spirits in such Calks, and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, at the Tints of the ftoiing thereof.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Distiller shall intend to warehouse Spirits for Exportation, he shall give Notice in Writing to the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall be placed over the Dilliilery of such Distiller, and also to the Storekeeper at the Port of Exportation, of such his Intention, in which Notice shall be set forth the Number and Content in Gallons of each Calk whifch such Distiller so intends to warehouse, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Distiftrr intends to commence the Removal of such Spirits to the Warehouse, which Day shall not be more distant than Six Days, nor nearer than Three Days from the Time of such Notice: Provided always that no Removal of any Spirits for such Purpose shall be allowed without Permits according to Law, and containing all such Particulars as shall be directed by the Commissioners 6f Excise; nor shall any such Removal take place on any Custom Hdufe Holiday, nor commence at any Time of the Day before the Hour of Nine in the Morning, or after the Hour of Two in the Afternoon.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise to whom such Notice shall have teen given, in Manner aforesaid, shall attend at the Stores of every such Distiller, at the Time mentioned as aforesaid in such Notice, and such Officer shall continue there until the Whole of the Spirits fi r which such Notice has been giveri shall be removed out of the Stores of such Distiller, under Permits as aforesaid 5 and that immediately after the Removal of such Spirits, such Officer shall take Stock on such Eilliller, and shall set forth in the Stock Cook the Decrease occasioned by the Removal of all such Spirits: And in Case the JVhole or any ^art the Spirits for the Removal of which a Permit shall be granted as aforesaid, shall not be delivered into His Majesty's Stores within the Time prescribed in the Permit ot Permits for conveying the fame, or in case such Spirits when so delivered, shall not be and remain of the same Strength and Quality in every ftcfpedl of which they were at the Time of the granting such Permit or Permits, (except in Cases of unavoidable Neccfiity, proved to the Satisfaction of the said CcJmmissioners of Excise, or any Three of them), the Distiller of such Spirits, for the Removal of which out of his Stores, a Permit shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall, for ever)' Gallon of Spirits not so delivered, or which shall not be of the Strength and Quality aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings, and shall also forfeit a Gallon of Spirits for every Gallon so deficient in Quantity; and it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise to seize and take out of the Stores of such Distiller^a Gallon of Spirits so_r every Gallon which shall be so deficient; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to withdraw and annul any Licence before that Time granted to such Ditliller, if they shall think fit so to do.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That imrhediately on the Arrival of such Spirits under proper Permits, at His Majesty's ^tores, the proper Officer shall gauge and take fln Recount of every Cask* and the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and shall enter an Account thereof in a Botfk to be by him kept for the Purpose; and thereupon the Storekeeper shall receive the same without Delay into His Majesty's Stores; and shall deliver to the Distiller, or Person requiring the same for the Use of such Distiller, a Receipt for such Spirits, specifying the Number of the different CaA: s, with their Gauge, and the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits contained in them, with the Day of the Month and Year when such Spirits were stored, and tui) Marks which may be put on such Casks by such Distiller for distinguishing the Spirits to be his Property.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That such Receipt shall he delivered over within a reasonable Time by every such Distiller to the Officer of the Walk where such Distiller shall reside, or carry on the Business of a Distiller, and such Officer shall immediately Veturn to such Distiller a Copy thereof ligned by himself; and upon the Delivery of such Receipt, and not before, it shall be lawful for such Officer to dcdufl from the Number of Gallons of Spirits with which such Distiller shall have been charged or chargeable, the Number of Gallons so

5 L 2 wareftooJ -d

Penalty on Per-so'>s colJufively Liinging uiiIm cmled Stills Pari flics, tol.&c*

Distiller* may w trehouf bailiff within lieland* under RcguU-t uns*

Distiller shall give NotLc to Officers and Storekeeper of the Timcjie i>.tends Ij ware-i house any Spirits.

(Officer fttarll attend at Dif-nlltfiV Stores dunng Removal.

Penalty on not

deliveting Spirits puifu.tnt to r-irniit 10*. pci1 Gallon, Sec.

Oil warchiMtfing Spiii>, Sl»rr-k ep 1 shall g ve Di ill r a Receipt for the id 111:

Distiller

I: v* I'U hRtf c ipt

tnOniru. velo shall licncWfiT't ihc h.s so

wan hi i.fed t'rjin

8 12 C. 88.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Stock, and charge V he Remainder Only will* Duty. Spirits wa'C-housed shall not be taken out hut under this Act.

T iking Spirit* out r.f Warc-house for Exportation.

Before Spiiits

warehoused, and to return the Charge against the Distiller to the Collector of Excise for the remaining Number of Gallons, which shall be a Charge against such Distiller accordingly 5 and every such 1 Officer shall annex to such Return the Storekeeper's Receipt, as his Voucher for having made such Deduction as aforesaid.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Spirits whi'oh shall be so warehoused, shall not be taken or carried out of the Warehouse on any A ccount whatsoever, otherwise than in Manner, and pursuant to the Provisions and Directions herein after me ntioned and contained.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That so often as any Person warehousing Spirits in Ireland, shall be desirous of shipping for Exportation any Quantity of such Spirits, such Person shall deliver to the Storekeeper, Five Days at least before the Time when he intends to ship such Spirits, a Note in Writing, reauiring such Storekeeper to deliver such Calks as such Person may intend to export, specifying the Number of Calks, and the Quantity of Spirits intended to be shipped, as set forth in the Receipt given to such Person by the Storekeeper, at the Time when such Spirits were admitted into the Warehouse, and mentioning the Time when such Person proposes to ship such Spirits, and the Name and Destinalion of the Ship or Vessel; and it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the Warehouse from which such Spirits are to be taken, before the Delivery thereof from such Warehouse, to mark every Cask of such Spirits with such Mark as the said Commissioners of Excise shall direct; and if any Spirits so intended for Exportation shall, after having been received in His Majesty's Stores, and before their actual Exportation, be altered in Quality, Quantity, or Strength, except by Decrease, occasioned from Leakage, Wirite or Accident, all such Spirit?, and the Calks containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise.

C. And be it further enacted, That before any such Spirits shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for fhdl He riel.vrred Exportation, the Person or Persons. intending to export the same shall, with One or more sufficient Surety or out for livp .rM- Sureties, give Bond to His Majesty in Double the Value of such Spirits, and of the Excise Duty which would 4ue anc^ Payable thereon, if such Spirits were taken out for Home Consumption, conditioned that such purt t'ljc'ni°t() 'he Spirits shall ( the Dangers of the Seas or Enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at such Portasiha'l be Pou (p.citnd. specified in such Bond, without Alteration in Quality or Quantity, except what may be occasioned by Leakage, Waste, or Accident, and shall not be landed in any other Place, nor relanded in Ireland.

Cl And be it further enacted, That u: >on the Exporter of such Spirits, or some Person on behalf of such Exporter, producing to the Storekeeper of the Warehouse, and to the Officer attending the fame, a Certificate from the proper Officer, that such Bond and Security hath been given, the Storekeeper of such Warehouse, and Officer attending the fame, shall deliver such Spirits as shall be mentioned in such Certificate to be exported; and such Storekeeper shall cause the said Spirits to be sent under the Care of a proper Officer, at the Expence of the Owner, to the Quay where the Ship or Vessel shall be stationed, there to be delivered into the Custody of fti.li be dr limed the shipping Officer on such Quay, and shall at the same Time deliver a Permit for the Quantity so sent, in with a Pei mil tv which Permit shall be also mentioned the Date when the Spirits were warehoused; and all such Spirits shall the Officer remain in the Care and Custody of the shipping Officer on the Quay until shipped or exported: and all such Spirits shall be shipped in the same Calks in which they were originally warehoused, with the Marks, Numbers, and Notes of the Contents thereon, except in Cases of damaged or leaky Calks, which may be changed with the Leave of the Commissioners of the Customs, or of the chief Officer of the Port; and like Marks shall be cut on the Head of each new Calk as had been cut on the leaky or damaged Calks; and all such Spirits shall be shipped only in such Vessels as by Law Spirits of IrXJh Manufacture may be shipped for Exportation, subject to all Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties, in respect of relanding or unshipping the fame, as are or may be contained in any Act or Acts respecting Spirits shipped from Ireland for Exportation to Great Britain or elsewhere, and as are not contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so warehousing Spirits for Exportation, shall desire to

els*-

Om Preclusion wf n Ccrlific.ite that B >nd has been given, so much Spuits a* ti*all be mentioned thcieir,

attending the lb ip ping of the Spirit* for Exportation.

Home Consumption.

f!#wSpi it* may , 0

be taken out for take the fame, or any Quantity thereof, not less than Five hundred Qallons, out of His Majesty's Warehouse for Home Consumption, it shall and may be lawful for such Person so to do, on paying to the Collector of Excise for the District the full Amount of the Duty of Excise on Spirits payable in respect of such Spirits, for the Quantity which each and every such Calk < ontained at the Time of its being warehoused, together with a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year on the Amount of the said Duties* from the Expiration of Sixty Days after the Day of storing such Spirits, till the Time of taking the same out for Home Consumption 5 and upon the Produdhon of the Collector's Receipt for such Duty to the Storekeeper* it shall be lawful for him to discharge the Calks mentioned in the Collector's Receipt, and to deliver a Permit for the Conveyance of the same to the Owner thereof, or to such Place as such Owner shall direct or retire.

CIII. And be it farther enacted, TJiat Spirits so warehoused may be removed, at the Desire of the Owner thereof, from His Majesty's Warehouse at any one Port, to the like Warehouse at any other Port as aforementioned, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners of Customs shall order in respect thereof.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietor of any such Spirits, so to be lodged, in any Warehouse as aforesaid, in the Pretence of the Storekeeper or other Officer, who are hereby required t<* attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose, not oftener than once a Week, to view, examine and shew for Sale such Spirits, or any Part thereof, and to examine the State of the Calks, and to prevent Leakage or Damage therein.

Wnthoused

S/iri'* m.tv be removed JoPoits.

W.»rehoures may be visited by Proprietor!.

If Spirits lire not CV. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits shall remain in His Majesty's Warehouses, after having eipoited vriti.in been received therein under the Provisions of this Act, for more than Four Calendar Months, or such further Time as the said Commissioners of Customs, or any Three of them, shall appoint, on special Application made to them, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to direct, that such Spirits shall be publickly fold, giving Seven Days publick Notice thereof; and the Produce arising from such Sale shall be applied in the first Place to the Discharge of all the Duties thereon, computing such Duties on the Number of

Gallons

Four Month.*, Uc. tv-fv nuy be sold for Pnymcut of Duties.

11

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 88. 813

Gallons which each and every Calk contained, at the Time of its being warehoused, without any Allowance for Wade or Leakage, together with a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, on the Amount of the said Duties, from the Expiration of Sixty Days after the storing of such Spirits, until the Sale thereof; and the Remainder, after deducing all Expence of warehousing and file, shall be paid over to the Owner of such Spirits

CVI. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation of any such Spirits, which shall have been Drawback in warehoused in Manner aforesaid, no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall be given or paid, other than and, cu except a Drawback oT Ten-pence (British Currency) upon every Gallon of such Spirits, as and in lieu of the ^ury*

Duty paid on the Malt used and consumed in the making of such Spirits (other than and except such other Draw- Bruiflu backs which shall or may by Law from Time to Time hereafter, as Occasion may require, be granted, given, or allowed), qnless and until all Duties of Excise, which would have been due and payable on such Spirits in Ireland, in case the same had not been warehoused under this Act, shall be first fully paid and satisfied; which Drawback is hereby required to be paid and satisfied on such Export, subject to all Rules and Regulations in force in Ireland respcding Drawbacks.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Spirits made or distilled from Com in Ireland, which shall No Drawback not have been warehoused in one of His Majesty's Warehouses under the Provisions of this Act, shall be entered shall be paid on for Exportation to Great Britain, no Drawback shall be paid, or Debenture made out for paying the fame, fj n' unless due Proof shall be first made by due Course of Permits, tracing such identical Spirits from the original iLrtarion

Distillery to the Port or Place of Exportation, and by such other Evidence as shall be required, to the Satis- to Great Britain, faction of the said Commissioners of Customs, or any Three of them, that each and evety Gallon for which such except on Proof Drawback shall be claimed has paid the full Duties due and payable thereon, by any Law in force in Ireland, of Payment of without any Allowance out of or on Payment of such Duties, and that the Distiller of such Spirits has not

received any Allowance or Bounty on account of the Size or Contents of any Still or Stills used by such Distiller; Allowance.or unless all such Allowances or Bounties as may have been allowed to or received by such Distiller in respect of shall be refunded, the Amount of the Duty on such Spirits, on account of the Size or Contents of any such Still or Stills, shall be refunded or repaid to or for the Use of His Majesty, in such Manner as such Commissioners of Customs may from Time to Time order and direct in that Behalf; and if such Allowance pr Bounty shall not be refunded and repaid ou Exportation to Great Britain, such Allowance or Bounty shall be deemed a Part Payment in Advance of the Drawback payable by Law, and the remaining Part only of such Drawback shall be paid on such Export; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or any Usage or Custom 10 the contrary notwithstanding.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Spirits which shall not have been warehoused Form of Entry under this Act, shall be entered for Exportation to Great Britain, the Person entering such Spirits for Exporta- o( Spirir* for tion shall state or cause to be dated in the Entry thereof, whether any Allowance has been made out of or on Payment of the Duties payable on such Spirits, or any Bounty claimed or paid in respect thereof, on account of Shaving* been the Size or Contents of the Still or Stills used by the Distiller of such Spirits, or on any other Account, or under warehoused* any other Pretext whatsoever, and the Amount of such Allowance or Bounty; and if such Person shall neglect so to do, or shall make any false or untrue Statement with respect to any such Allowance or Bounty, all Spirits so entered for Exportation shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the Person entering the same for Exportation shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, Recovery and shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied, and applied Application of in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are pre- ^de^rllh* feribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Excise Act Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling of the Excise or new 14 & 15C. 1. c.S* Impnjl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein infer ted, or in and by any Act passed, or to be passed, in this present Session of Parliament, to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs, and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise, and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed, and rc-enacted in this Act 5 with like Remedy of Appeal 10 and for the Party and Parties who shall think, him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is provided and enacted.

CX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for anyone Justice of the Penalties under Peace within his Jurisdiction, where any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Ten Pounds shall be ^b^oie

incurred under this Act, to hear and determine the fame, and to convict the Party offending on his or her own q^justice Confession, or on the Oath of any one credible Witness; and in all such Cases, One Moiety of the Penalty or within Thrcs Forfeiture shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, in which the Offence Months.

shall have been committed, or the Conviction made, at the Discretion of the Justice; And such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Information made on Oath in that Behalf, within Three Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Witnesses upon either Side* and if upon Confession of the Party accused or Examination of any Witness or Witnesse9 on Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, such Party shall be convicted of the Offence alledged against him, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to any Constable of the County, for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, (if any), after deduding the Expence of such Sale; and for Want of sufficient Distress, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and lie is required to commit such Offender to Gaol for any Time

cot

814 C. 88, 8g. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Appeal to Quarter Sessioni.

'Penalties above 'Icl may be recovered by Action.

"P'occedings of Justices not icmoveable by Certiorari.

Penalty oft

WdgiHraies who neg dt to do as required by this Act, 50l.

43 G- 3* c. 9S*

repealed.

Commencement

vf Act.

not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty Or Forfeiture shall be paid: And if any Person shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgement of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, and such Justices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint or Appeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such Justices shall issue their Warrants for levying the Penalty and Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint, for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer: And where any such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, the same may be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or by Civil Bill* in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, orat the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at the Assizes of any County or County of a Town or City in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered to order the Offender to he committed to Gaol, thereto remain for any Time, in the Discretion of such Court, or until such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and satislh'd.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alleged to be made by any Justice of the Pvace, rtor any Proceeding before such Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alleged to be given or made by any such Justice or Justices, under or by virtue of this Art, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County, City, To\yn, or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon such Conviction, Order, or Sentence so, made of given in pursuance of this Art, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That any Justice ofhe Peace or Magistrate, in Ireland\ who shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry this Art into Execution, upon a proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds British Currency, for every such Neglect or Refusal, to be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of I aw, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; the Money recovered by such Action to be applied as to one Half thereof, to the tJfeof the Person filing for the fame, and the other Half to be pai'd to the Minister, Rertor, or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall reside, for the Use of the Poor therein.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That dn Art made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend the Acts new in force for securing the Collect ion of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Di/liller in Ireland, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Afx shall commence and take Effect upon and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six.

CommilTonrit appointed to <accuse this Act.

Ground and Premises purchased under 41 G. 3. c. 134

CAP. LXX&X.

An Act for consolidatirig and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Wcfltninsler Hally and the Two Houses of Parliament.

[16th July 18c6.J

WHEREAS diver? Provisions and Regulations hare from Time to Time been made by various Arts of Parliament for the Security of Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and for the Accom- modation of the Two Houses of Parliament, and for making convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages to and from the same, and for rendering such Ways, Streets, and Passages open and commodious, and for preventing*and abating Nuisances and Annoyances, and for preserving the Beauty and Uniformity of the Buildings therein, which Provisions and Regulations have not yet been fully executed: And whereas it is expedient that Commissioners should be appointed to cany into efiert all such Plans as may be found necessary for completing tbtf*Purposes aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majest, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer at Westminster, the Dean of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter of Westminster, the High Steward of Wijbm infer, and the Clerk of the Parliaments, all for the Time being, and also such Four other Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs or StCceftbrs, fi all from Time to Time appoint by Warrant under His or their Sign- Manual for that Purpose, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commi{Turners for executing this Art, and the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cany into Execution this Art, and to do all such Arts, Matters, and Things under the Regulations of this Act, for the Security and Accommodation of the Two Houses of Parliament, Wtfhnwfcr Ilall, the Courts of Exchequer, and ihe other Courts of Justice there, and the several Offices belonging thereto, and for improving the Access and Approaches to the fame, and the immediate Vicinity thereof respectivrly, as the said Commissioners or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Common; , the Lord Chief BarCn of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners so to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or successors for the Time being, shall always be one), shall think requisit' and nectflnry; any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore made or in force at the Time of the passing of this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

11. And be it further enacted, That all Ground, Buildings, Houses, and f*renrifeSj purchased by the Commissioners named in an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable Commissioners to purchase certain Buildings for the Accommodation of the T*wo Jlcufcs of Parliament; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises, purchased by the Special Commissioners named in an Art, tnader

in

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 89. 815

in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the 4|G. 3. c. 6r.

Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sefpons of 45 G. 3. c. 115.

the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret remajnCvcfted

Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Publish; and also all Ground, Build- jn ^1S Majesty.

ings, Houses, and Premises, purchased by the said Special Commissioners, under or by virtue of an Act, made

in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for purebafttig certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yai3, Westminster, for the Use of the PubRck; shall, from and after the passing

of this Act, be and remain veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this present Act; and that all Powers and Authorities given to or vested in the Commissioners named in the said recited Act Potrers ofrfci»e«T

of the Forty.first Year aforesaid by the said Act, or given to or vested in the Special Commissioners named in the ve£ed 1, 1

said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, by the said recited Acts of the Forty-fourth Year and Forty-

fifth Year, or either of them, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, except as to any CCJl0#

Thing or Things done or contrafted to be done by virtue thereof, and before the passing of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it (Hall be lawful far the Commissioners appointed and to be appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord under this Act* Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act, for the Time being, shall always be one), and they are hereby authorized and Ground a*d empowered to purchase all Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Prjmifes whatever, situate within any of the Streets p, emii'e$ in th* or Places described in the said herein-before recited Acts of the Forty-first Year, Forty-fourth Year, and Forty- StreetsandPbcM fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, which the Commissioners under any of the said dcfcnbed in the recited Acts were empowered to purchase for the Use of His Majesty, and which shall not have been so purchased before the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners, for the Execution of this Act, (or any have hctn| fa ° such Three of them as aforesaid), are hereby also authorised and empowered to purchase all such Ground, purchased; and Buildings, Houses, and Premises, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, lying and being in any of the also the Ground Streets or Places following; (that is to say), on the North Side of Union Street, and at the Back of the same onnd^1 the South Side of Bridge Street, and between Union Street and Bridge Street, fronting East on Parliament Street, p^c^e* and West on King Street; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises, fronting East on King Street, described j from the South-East Corner of Great George Street, to the South End of King Street, or fronting South on the Broad Sanctuary and Saint Margarsi's Church Yard, from the South End of King Street to the South-East Comer of the New Court House, for the holding of Sessions «f the Peace for the City of Westminster, or fronting West on the Little Sanctuary, the said New Court House, or Little George Street, or adjoining North on the Back of the Houses and Premises in Great George Street, Little George Street, and King Street; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises whatever, situate to the West of King Street, the North of Saint Margaret's Church Yard, the East of the said New Court House and Little George Street, or the South of Great George Street, within the Limits before described; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises whatever, situate between the Broad Sauduary on the South, Bow Street on the North, Green Alley on the East, and Tot hill Street and Princes Street on the Well; and also all Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises between Love Lane and the Broad Sanctuary; and also all other Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises whatever, adjoining to and next surrounding Westminster Hall, or the Two Houses of Parliament, or either of them, and the Courts of Justice in Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Exchequer, or either of them; and the said Commissioners for the Execution a»d with the of this Act, or any such Three of them as aforesaid, are hereby also authorized and empowered, by and with Consent of the the Coufent and Approbation, in Writing, of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High- Treasurer, or any Three of them, to purchase all such other other Premises as Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises whatever, as the Commissioners for executing this Act may by and they think fit. with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, think necessary to be purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Ground, Buildings, Houses, and Premises whatever, which shall be purchased Premise* when under or by virtue of this Act, shall, when so purchased, be veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, purchased

and shall be taken Possession of by the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, according to the Directions of the Commissioners for executing this Act, under the pj^ofei oDhii^ Regulations in this Act mentioned and contained. Act.

Commissioner3 may direct or contract for taking down Houses, See. and for disposing of the Materials. Money arising from the Sale of Materials shall be applied in paving the Streets and erecting Buildings, See. Com- mifGoners shall render an Account to the Tie a fury only, §4.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Grounds, Buildings, Houses, or Premises P«emife*, con-which arc or shall become veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under or by virtue of this Act, or of Weired the said recited Acts, or either of them, flial be granted or leased under any Act or Acts relating to any Crown be

Lands, or any of the Provisions thereof, unless with the Concurrence and Coufcut, in Writing, of the Co mm if- icakd under any-floners appointed for carrying this Act into Execution, or any Three of them, whereof the Speaker of the Act relating 10 House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His «hrC»wi.Lands, Heirs or Successors, under this Act for the Time being* shall be one, Consent of rhe

General Commissioners named in recited Act 44 G. 3. c. 61. may proceed in erecting the Sessions House. §6 Commissioners. 44 — Value ci Premises* in case of Dispute or Defect of Title, Sec. tribe settled by a Jury* §7. — Conveyances of Premises shall be executed on Tender of Purchase Money act'efled. In Default of Title, or on Refusal to evecute Conveyance, Money shall be paid into the Bank, in Name of Accountant General, and disposed of by Order of the Court of Chancery. §8. — On Payment of Money into the Bank, Premises shall veit in His.

Majesty,

8i6

Comraiflioners empowered to lay out Plan* for altering, pulling down, r rebuilding House*, &c.

and to make Regulariom for preventing Annoyances.

All Plans and

Regulations shall be laid before the Treasury for their Appro* ballon, 8sc.

CommHTioners may issue their Orders to any Officers or Person* they, think necessary for carrying > their Plans into Effect.

Commissioners shall make a Report yearly

C. 89. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Majesty, for the Purpose3 of this Act. $ 9. — Money belonging to Corporations or incapacitated Persons, u amounting to 200L shall be paid into the Bank, and to be applied under the Direction of the Court of €t Chancery. §10. — Application of such Purchase Money if exceeding 2oL and not exceeding 200l. $ tl. — Application of Purchase Money where it is less than 2cl. §12. — Persons in Possession of Premises shall be u deemed lawfully entitled, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Court of Chancery. §15. — Court of <{ Chancery may order the Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Commissioners. §14.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for carrying into Execution this Act, or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act for the Time being, shall always be one), shall, from Time to Time, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to propose, assign, and lay out Plans for the repairing, altering, pulling down, or re-building, any Houses, Offices, or 1 laces, which such Commissioners shall think proper and necessary to be repaired, altered, pulled down, or rebuilt, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall also propose, assign, and lay out Plans of the Manner in which Houses and Buildings shall be erected and built on any Ground which is or shall or may become veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the Purposes of this A*Sl, and also in what Manner any vacant Ground on which the said Commissioners shall not think proper that any Houses or Buildings should be erected or built, shall be employed and laid out; and the said Commissioners are also hereby authorised, empowered, and required, from Time to Time, to frame such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall think necessary and expedient for the preventing and abating of all Nuisances and Annoyances whatever, within the Precincts of the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, or within any of the Places adjoining to, or next surrounding the fame, and which are or may be vested in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, or in or about the Houses, Ground, Buildings, and Premises, which shall be erected, built, or laid out under the Directions of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Plans for repairing, altering, pulling down, or rebuilding, any Houses, Offices, or Places as aforesaid, or for laying out or employing any vacant Ground as aforesaid, and all such Rules and Regulations for preventing and abating Nuisances and Annoyances as aforesaid, to be from Time to Time framed by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, mall by the said Commissioners be laid before and submitted to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of them, to examine and consider all such Plans, and all such Rules and Regulations, and to determine upon and approve the fame, or to make any Alteration therein respectively, and to direct either that such Plans and Regulations respectively shall be carried into Execution, or shall be suspended or laid aside, or shall be varied or altered, in Part or in the Whole, as such Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall think fitting and expedient; and the said Lori High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall give Notice in Writing under the Hand of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of such their Approbation, or other Determination respectively, to the Commissioners for executing this Act; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall proceed to carry into Etfeft all such Plans for repairing, altering, pulling down, and rebuilding any Houses, Offices, or Places, or laying out any vacant Ground as shall be approved of or directed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners For executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer; and such Houses, Offices, and Places, shall be pulled down, altered, repaired, or rebuilt accordingly, and such vacant Ground shall be laid out under the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, either by the Comptroller and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works at Westm'mJler, or by Contrafts to be made for that Purpose by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be one, ) by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, signified in Manner aforesaid; and all such Rules and Regulations for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances, as shall be approved of or directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall be carried into Effect under the Directions of the said Commissioners for executing this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any Three of them, (whereof the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any One of the Commissioners to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under this Act for the Time being, shall always be one) from Time to Time to issue and give any such Orders and 1'ireftions to any Officers ot other Persons as the said Commissioners shall think fitting and necessary for the fully carrying into Effect, and completing all such Plans, Rules, and Regulations, as shall have been approved of and directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer under the Provinons of this Act, and all such Officers and other Persons shall obey, fulfil, and perform all such Orders and Directions accordingly, and shall be punishable on Preferment or rndiftment for any wilful Disobedience or Neglect of any such Orders or Directions after the same shall have been signified to them, in Writing, under the Hands of any such Three of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

XV!

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall, on or before the went) -rourth Day of June in every Year, (or oftener if it shall seem fitting and expedient to the said

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. 0, 89, 90. 817

said Commissioners, or the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioner for executing the said Office of Lord l0 the T.*-fu»v High Treasurer) make a Report in Writing to the said Lord High Treasurer, cr Commissioners for executing of u c p.vareo the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, of the Progress made in the repairing, altering, pulling down, and in their rebuilding of any Houses, Offices, or Places, or in the laying out of any vacant Ground, or n the framing and executing any Rules or Regulations under or by virtue of this Act, together with such Observations and, Suggestions for the better effecting the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners for executing this Act (haSirom Time to Time think requisite and necessiuy.

CAP. XC.

An Act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His Subjects in England,

under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty/ intituled,

An Act to amend and render more effectual an ASy pqjfed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, 43 G. 3. c. 96.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the prefer t 4 War, and for indemnifying Perf one who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may he neessary for that Purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedsly to emercife his ancient and undouble I Pr rogative in requiring the Military Service of His Here Subjects in case of Invqfion of the Realm: And whereas another Act 1 was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act 43 G. 3- c 4 made in this present Sejffion of Parliament, intituled, 'An Act to amend and rende more effectual an Act % passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present Hofeifitiesy and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speeaily to exercise his ancient ana undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the RealmAnd whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and that such of the Provisions thereof as it may be necessary to continue, should be consolidated in this Act; may it*therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Recited Acts present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from ana after the passing of this Act, repealed, the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, constituted and Licutcnsi r % appointed by virtue or acting in the Execution of an Act, pasted in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of ^CUm

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for under^Engilfli augmenting the Militia, for the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, and Places, in the said recited Act Militia Art mentioned; and all Justices of the Peace, and all Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Churchwardens, 41 G. 3. c. 90. and Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers in the said recited Act mentioned respectively, shall have full Put thi*

Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, in like Manner and as fully and effectually as they are respectively authorized, empowered, or required, to carry into Execution the said recited Act; and it shall be lawful for such Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants for that Purpose to hold General and Subdivision Meetings, and adjourn such Meetings respectively from Time to Time, and to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, required to be done under thfe Act at any subsequent or other General or Subdivision Meeting.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in Provisions for this Act contained relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Ridings, Divisions, ' Counties Cities, and Places; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained relating p*.nded to to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, and other Divisions in so[.

r of any such County, Riding, Division, City, or Place; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and so Rapes, &c. Things, in this Act contained, relating to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Townships, and all P>wers Tythings, and Places, and to all Extra-parochial Places united therewith for the Purposes of this Act; and Constables to all Powers by this Act given to any Constable, shall extend to all Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Peace Officers, Tythingmen, &c. and other Persons acting as Constables in any Counties, Hundreds, Parishes, and Places, in which there shall be no Constable, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision,

Direction, and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, on any Returns now made or ^hich Retl"rn*

shall hereafter be made of the Numbers of Persons liable to serve in the Militia in the several Counties in England, t^cr"* j* c under any Act now in force, or under any Act which may be pasted in this Session of Parliament, to direct His Militia, (See Privy Council to take such Returns into Consideration, and to apportion any Number of Men, not exceeding 46 G. 3.C. 91.) Two hundred thousand, among the said Counties, according to the Number so returned, and thereupon to Privy Council direct that the Numbers so apportioned shall be transmitted to the respective Lieutenants of the said Counties, joo'o^thmof Notice whereof shall be thereupon Thrice printed in the London Gazette; and such Lieutenants shall, immediately ain0ng the after the last Publication of tuch Notice, summon General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in their Counties, to respective Counties, and, at such General Meetings, the Numbers so fixed for each respective County shall be be trained under divided and apportioned among the Hundreds of such respective Counties, and at such Subdivision Meetings, lh, A^; the Numbers so apportioned among each respective Hundred shall be divided and apportioned among the Parishes of such respective Hundreds, in the Manner now in use with respect to the Militia. London Gazette.

46 Geo. III. 5 M V. And

S18

C*r*Tr» rrrf«.».aT though cx.mpt f»om rl»o Mt'.ui', shall ror ft* exempt from being I .1 loited an*i ti.liner! under

tl.is Alt.

Exemption of iiceufed Tcaclu n and Medical Men.

In making Apportionments in each County* Ac. R< gard shall be had to Number of Volunteers and of Pci suns actually liable to be ruined under this Act. Clerks of General and Subdi* ifion Meetings shall transmit Apportionments.

His Majesty may order the Whole or any Part of the Number apportioned to be ballotted, enrolled and trained.

Volunteers may offer to serve under this Act; in which Case no Ballot* or a Ballot only for the Deficiency, shall take place.

His Majesty may allow Pay Or Bounty to Voluntetis for additional training, &c.

90. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 18s6.

V. And be it further enacted, That no articled Clerk or Apprentice, nor any Person muttered, trained, or >ing Duty, or employed in any of His Majesty's D-scks or Dock Yards, for the Service thereof, or employed

and muttered in His Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs at Portsmouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouse9 belonging to His Majesty, under the Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Thames, nor any poor Man who has more than One Child born in Wedlock, nor any Person serving by Substitute in the Militia, or under any Act or Acts for raising any additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, .shall, by reason thereof, respectively be exempt from Wing ballotted and trained, and exercised and serving inic&r the Provisions of this Act, notwithstanding such Persons may, by reason of coming within any of such Descriptions as aforesaid, respectively be exempt from serving in the Militia.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation in Holy Orders or pretended Holy Orders, and not carrying on any other Trade, or exercising any other Occupation for his Livelihood, except that of a Schoolmaster, nor any Medical Man actually practising as such, and being a Housekeeper, shall be liable to be ballotted or to be trained and exercised or to lerve under the Provisions of this Act, so long only as they shall respectively continue within any of the Descriptions aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in making all such Apportionments in relation either to Counties, Hundreds, or Parishes, regard shall be had to the^Number of Persons serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in such Counties, Hundreds, and Paritties respectively, and exempt by reason thereof from being ballotted, trained, and exercised under this Act; and also to the Number of Persons in such Counties, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively exempt from serving in the Miliua, and who shall nevertheless be liable to be ballotted, trained, and exercised under the Provisions of this Act, so a % that all such Apportionments shall be made on the Numbers of Persons in such Counties, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively, actually liable to be trained and exercised under this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to such General Meetings shall, within Seven Days after making such Apportionments among the Hundreds of their respective Counties, transmit the fame, duly certified by the said General Meetings respectively, to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings within their Counties, on pain of forfeiting, for any Neglect to transmit such Apportionments, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and on pain of forfeiting, for omitting to transmit the same to any Hundred or Hundreds, the Sum of Fifty, Pounds for each Hundred so omitted; and the Clerks to such Subdivision Meetings shall also, within Seven Days after the Apportionment of the Numbers among the Parishes of their Subdivision, transmit the same to the High Constables, wdio shall issue their Precepts accordingly to the several Constables of such respective Parishes, on pain of forfeiting by the said Clerks of Subdivision Meetings for omitting to transmit the fame. One hundred Pounds, and for omitting any Parish or Parishes, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Parish omitted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that any Number of Men not exceeding such Two hundred thousand as aforesaid in the Whole, and in such Proportions as shall have been fixed for the several Counties in England respectively, shall be forthwith ballotted and enrolled out of the Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, and from the Persons liable to serve under this Act; and also from Time to Time to direct that the Whole of the Number of Persons so ballotted and enrolled in any County, or in any Part or Parts thereof, or any Proportion of such Number, to be taken either by Ballot or according to the Order in wlikli the Names shall have been ballotted, or according to any Class or Classes with respect to Age, Marriage, or Number of Children, shall be trained and exercised under this Act; and that in consequence of any Warrant to that Effect under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual to the Lieutenant of any such County, such Ballot and Training shall take place in Manner herein after provided, and such Lieutenant shall thereupon forthwith, by Precept under his Hand and Seal, summon Subdivision Meetings for the making of such Ballots.

X. And be it further enacted, That in ail Cases in which such Ballot shall be so directed, and any Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty Years, and fit for Military Service, shall voluntarily enrol themselves for Military Service under the Provisions of this Act, in any Parish, and shall agree to be trained and exercised, and to serve according to the Provisions of this Act, if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing to be so trained and exercised, and serve, shall amount to the Number to be enrolled by Ballot under such Apportionment as aforesaid in any such Parish, then no Ballot shall take place in such Parish; and if the Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall not amount to the Number required to be enrolled by Ballot in any such Parish, under such Apportionment as aforesaid, then the Number of Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall be deducted from the Number so required to be enrolled by Ballot as aforesaid, and the Remainder only shall be ballotted for in such Parish 5 and all Persons so voluntarily enrolling themselves, and agreeing as aforesaid, shall be trained and exercised, and serve in the same Manner, and at the same Time and Places, and under the same Regulations, and be subject to the same Provisions, as if they had been ballotted for.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall see fit, to order and

direct by any One of His principal Secretaries of State, that any Volunteers under this Act shall receive Pay of One Shilling per Day for any additional Number of Days of Training and Exercise, not exceeding Twenty-four Days, in addition to the Twenty four Days in the Schedule to this Act mentioned; or if He shall see fit, iu like Manner to order and direct that any Volunteers training and exercising under this Act for any Number of Days not less than Twrenty-four, shall receive, at the Expiration of such Number of Days Training and Exercise, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, in Addition to the Pay of One Shilling per Day in the Schedule to this Act mentioned, to be paid to such Volunteers in such Manner and in such Proportion as His Majesty shall please to direct. XII. And

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 90.

XII. And be it further enacted, That Notice shall be given by the Deputy Lieutenants or C>: rk of Subdivision Meetings, by affixing the same on the Doors of the Churches or Chapeh, or on other coufpieuous Places in the several Parishes within their respective Subdivisions, of the Days, Times, and Places appointed for Ballots under this Act, in their respective Subdivisions; and the Names of the Persons liable to be ballotted shall publickly, and in the Presence of any such Magistrates, Churchwardens, Overseers.of the Poor, and Chief and other Constables as chuse to attend, be called oyer from the Lifts, and put into the Boxes or Glasses for balloting, and shall in like Manner be publickly drawn out, and the Names of the Persons so drawn shall be pubfickly called over, and be entered in a Book by the Clerks of the Subdivision, or Persons appointed by them, or the Deputy Lieutenants, for that Purpose; and such calling over of the-Names, and ballot ting for Persons to be enrolled under this Act, shall take place at the Days, Times, and Places appointed, and shall not commence before Ten of the Clock, nor continue longer than Six in the Evening; and if such Ballotting shall not be complete in One Morning, the Boxes shall be sealed with the Seals of any Two of the Deputy Lieutenants, and the Clerk of the Meeting; and such Seals be broken, and the Ballotting be finished in like publick Manner, on the succeeding Day.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants of such Meetings shall appoint Days and Places for holding Meetings for hearing Appeals against such Ballots; and the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at which such Ballots shall have taken place, shall within Three Days transmit to the Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within their Subdivision, the Names of the Persons ballotted therein respectively; and such Constable shall thereupon give Notice to every such Person, by delivering the same to him or his Wife, or some Servant or Member of his Family, or leaving the same at his nfual or last Place of Abode, together with Notice of the Days of hearing Appeals against such Ballots; and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenant?, and they are hereby required on hearing such Appeals, to amend the Lifts if it shall be deemed necessary by His Majesty, and so ordered, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, aniadjourn such Meeting, and direct like Notice to be given to the Persons ballotted, and appoint other Meetings in case the same shall be necessary for hearing Appeals, and fresh Ballots, until the full Number required shall be enrolled; and the Names of all the Persons who shall have volunteered to serve under this Act, and of all Persons so ballotted, and who shall not have appealed, or on having appealed shall not have been struck out, shall be entered on a Roll to be provided by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings for that Purpose; and the Clerks of such Meetings shall within Ten Days transmit Abstracts of such Roll, containing the Names of the several Persons enrolled in the respective Parishes to the Constables thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons enrolled to be trained and exercised under this Act, shall for the First Year continue liable to be trained and exercised according to the Provisions of this Act, until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven; and all Persons so enrolled in or for any succeeding Year shall continue liable to be trained and exercised from the First Day of November in the Year in which such Persons shall have been or ought to have been so ballotted and enrolled, until the First Day of November following; and every such Person shall be. trained and exercised under the Provisions of this Act, unless exempted under any of the Provisions herein after contained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have been enrolled for Training and Exercising,

and Service, under this Act, and who shall have been actually so trained and exercised, shall be liable to be ballotted for again during the Two succeeding Years after the Expiration of the Year in which he shall have been so enrolled, trained, and exercised as aforesaid, - such Years being to be reckoned as above, from the First Day of November in one Year, to the First Day of November in the succeeding Year.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Volunteer or Person so ballotted and enrolled under this Act shall refuse or neglect to appear within such Period and at such Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose, (which Times ^nd Places shall be appointed by the Deputy Lieutenants, in their repeftiv? Subdivisions, under any Order of the Lieutenant of the County, and Notice thereof given by the Constables of the fever^ Parishes, by putting up the famd on Churches, Chapels, or other conspicuous Places), and to sign the Regulations in the Schedule to this Act annexed for Men»enrolled under this Act, such Volunteer or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; or if a Person not having or receiving any annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income whatsoever, amounting in the Whole to One hundred Pounds, the Sum of Five Pounds; and every such Fine shall be paid to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings, who shall on Receipt thereof give a Certificate, without Fee or Reward, of the same being paid; and the Payment of such Fine shall exempt such Person from Training and Exercise for that Year, and no longer, and such Person shall be liable to be ballotted in the succeeding Year, and in like Manner to serve or pay such Fine as aforesaid, and so io each succeeding Year.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be exempted from Training and Exercise and Service under this Act, upon Payment of the Fine*of Five Pounds instead of Ten Pounds, and every Person claiming any P.eduftion of any Fine for Absence from Training and Exercising by reason of not having any Income amounting to One hundred and fifty Po inds or Fifty Pounds pc- Annum respectively, shall make and figu a Declaration of the Amount of his Income before a Deputy Lieutenant or Just ice of the Peace or Magistrate, or produce a Certificate of the Amount of such Income allowed by any Commissioner under any Act relating to the Rates and Duties arising on Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, or to any Allowances made on any such Rates and Duties within Twelve Months previous to the Production of such Certificate; and every Person who shall make any false Declaration in relation to any such Claim, shall forfeit and pay for such Offence the Sum of Fifteen Pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person so ballotted shall at any Time, whether before or after his being 10 ballotted, have enrolled or enrol himself as a Volunteer in any Corps which shall at

5 M 2 that

819

Nonce of Ballot shall be given or.

the Cl.uich Djor, See,

Manner of Ballotting.

Names of Persons bn Hurt* d flnH be lent Con liable; : Notices Ih ill be given and Appeals hc.vd, and fresh B if nccclLiry. Person* shall be enrolled, and

Abstracts of

Emelment lent to Con liable -

Time of S r.ice, One Year from III November in each Year.

Persons trained, not liable to be

bajlorrrd fur agaiis for T % V9 Yean.

Penalty

Persons billot ted nut appearing, -10 1- (or on I'erfoii* not havhig ico I. " a-Year, 5«.)

Person* claim i*'g Exemption tm P«tVTOr, 'r of the frtullc Fi' C, &c. Ib.il. li<n it Dtclrf'.ition of their Income.

Balloted Persons entM ng into Volunteer Cocpa

820 C.go*

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

(hill be exempt from Bailor, & c.

Exemption.* for \ oluntcrr* shall be cc»tified by their Commanding Officers. Penalty 15l.

Quakers and Cnitrrl Bicthren to be exempted on Payment of Fine — 7l. to 20s.

Justices may appoint Deputies for Quakers

tefufing to a4t

*hs Constables,

Persons enrolled shall be subject to Rules and Regulations in Schedule.

Exemption for Per ions of bodily Inability.

Ahftralls of Lifts shall be Cent by Clerks

of Subdivision Meetings to

that Time have been accepted by His Majesty, and shall produce a Certificate of being so enrolled, and of being*

such Volunteer Corps.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person claiming Exemption from Ballot, and from Training and Exercise under this Act, by reason of his becoming a Member of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, shall, between the Tenth Day of Sep: ember and the First Day of October in the Year succeeding that in which he claimed such Exemption, produce to the Constable or other Peace Officer, acting as such under this Act, of the Parish or Place of his Residence, a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of such Corps, or from the Officer commanding the Troop or Company of such Corps of which he may be a Member, bearing Date between the Tenth Day of September and the First Day of 0Sober, of his being at that Time an effective Member of such Corps, according to the Laws in force for the Regulation of Yeomanry and Volunteers, which Certificate the Constable shall transmit to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting; and in Default of the Production of such Certificate, every such Person shall be liable to pay, and shall pay a Fine of Fifteen Pounds, to be levied, collected, and applied in the same Manner as Fines relating to training and exercising under this Act are directed to be levied, collected, and applied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being One of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum % or United Brethren, who shall be ballotted under this Act, shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants at any Subdivision Meeting, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more respectable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, or of the People called Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, resident within the County or Place of Residence of such Person, and dated within Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which such Certificate shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Person to be one of their Persuasion, such Person shall not be enrolled for Training or Exercise, or if he shall have been enrolled, shall beftruck out of the Enrolment; and it shall be lawful for any such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices to adjudge any such Person to pay such Proportion of such Fines as are by this Act imposed on Persons enrolled for Non-attendance at Training and Exercising* not exceeding Seven Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings for the Year in which he shall have been so ballotted, as to such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may appear to be proper, according to the Situation in Life, and Property of such Person; and the Amount of Fine so adjudged by such Deputy Lieutenants or Justices may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Good^and Chattels of such Person by Warrant under their Hands and Seals (the Overplus, if any, after Deduction of reasonable Charges, being rendered to the Party); and if no Goods or Chattels can be found, whereby the Sum so imposed upon such Quaker or United Brother can be levied, then it shall and may be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, if he shall th^nk proper to commit such Quaker or United Brother to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Sum shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or Overseer, shall be of the People called Quakers (and certified to be so by Two Persons of the People called Quakers) and shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Division within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required in all Cases where the Circumstances of the Case shall in their Judgement render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order under their Hands and Seals, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so aft, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like Manner in every respect as the Person for whom he shall so aft; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or Overseer (being one of the People called Quakers) shall be and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the Time of such Appointment-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons from Time to Time enrolled under this Act, and all Serjeants and Constable*, shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the Schedule to tills Act annexed contained, in relation to Persons enrolled, and to Serjeants and Constables, in like Manner as if all such Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures had been severally and separately enacted in the Body of this Act; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures may be recovered under this Act as if they were inserted in the Body thereof.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or any Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, on the Certificate of any Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, actually practising as such, that any Person enrolled to be trained, exercised, and serve, under this Act, is from Illness or any bodily Infirmity or Debility unable to be trained and exercised, to cause such Person to be struck out of the Enrolment, and excused from such Fine, and from any further Service under this Act, so long as such Illness, bodily Infirmity, or Debility shall continue.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, after every Subdivision Meeting in which any Person shall have been ballotted and enrolled to be trained and exercised, and serve under this Act, make out Abstracts of the Lists of such Ballot and Enrolment, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the General Meetings for the County wherein such Subdivisions shall be situate, within Ten Days; and every

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 90.

every such Clerk who shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, within such Period as aforesaid, or mall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and Abstracta of such Lifts shall be transmitted by the Lieutenants of each County to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, at such Periods as His Majesty may be pleased to dire ft; and all such Lifts and Abft rafts shall be made out in fueji Form as any such Secretary of State shall please to direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where His Majesty shall have directed that any Persons so enrolled shall be trained and exercised under this Act, the Lieutenant of the County or Place to which such Warrant shall be directed, shall require the respective Deputy Lieutenants in the Subdivisions of such County, to fix proper Times and Places of Training and Exercising (subject nevertheless to any Orders or Pireftions of His Majesty's Secretary of State in that Behalf) and to cause publick Notice of such Times and Places of Exerdfe and Training to be given in the Churches or Chapels of the respective Parisheb during Divine Service, and to be affixed on the Doors of such Churches or Chapels, and in the Market Places (if any) and if there shall be no Church, Chapel, or Market Place, then on some other convenient and conspicuous Place: Provided always, that the Deputy Lieutenants shall not appoint Sunday as a Day of Exercise, unless His Majesty shall deem it necessary, and, by any Order signified^y One of His Principal Secretaries of State, empower or direct them so so do.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be required to attend any greater Number of Days Training and Exercise in the Whole, than Twenty-four Days in the Year, or to go, for the Purpose of being so trained or exercised, to any greater Distance from his usual Place of Residence than. Five Miles.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That One of the Constables or other Peace Officers, as the Case may be, shall in every Parish duly attend at the Times and Places appointed for such Training and Exercise as aforesaid, unless prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable Accident, to be proved to the Satisfaction of anjr Two of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Division w> erein such Parish or Parishes shall be situate: Provided always, that where any such Training and Exercise shall be regulated by Districts, or any other Division than Parishes, or when Two or more Parishes, or Parts of Parishes, shall be united for the Purpose of Training and Exercise, there the Constable or other Peace Officer of One Rariffi only shall be required to attend, and such Attendance shall be regulated among the Constables or other Peace Officers of the several Parishes from which the Men shall come by Precept from the High Constable, under a Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by any Deputy Lieutenant; and every such Constable or other Peace Officer who shall conduct himself in the Discharge of his said Duty to the Satisfaction of the Deputy Lieutenants of such Subdivision, shall be entitled at the End of each Year, or on his going out of Office, to such reafoirable Reward, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, for his Pains and Trouble therein, as the Deputy Lieutenants of such Subdivision assembled at any Meeting shall think adequate thereto, and shall certify under their Hands, the same to be paid out of the County Stock of the County or Place to which the same shall relate; and if any such Constable or other Peace Officer shall neglect or refiife to attend at such Times and Places of Training and Exercising as shall be fixed, unless prevented by Illness, or other unavoidable Accident, to be proved as aforesaid r he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings' for every Day on which he shall so refuse or neglect to attend

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any County at any General Meeting, and also for the Deputy Lieutenants within their respectivC Subdivisions thereof, whenever they shall deem it expedient, to nominate and appoint from amongst the Persons who would under the Provisions of this Act be exempt from being enrolled for Military Service under this Act in any Parish, such Number of Persons usually resident therein, who may be willing to undertake and perform the Duty of Constables in the Execution of this Act, as such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall think fit to be Special Constables for all or any of the Purposes of this Act within such Parish, or to appoint any Persons to act as Constables instead of any Persons being of the People called Quakers, according to any Act relating to the Militia; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall thereupon forthwith cause the Names of the Persons who (halbbe so appointed Special Constables, to be transmitted to the Chief Constable, or other proper Officer of the Hundred or District within* which such Parish shall be fitnate; and all Persons so appointed Special Constables as aforesaid, shall and may thereupon do and perform all such Acts, Matters and Things in the Execution of this Act, or of futh and so many of the Purposes thereof for which they shall be so appointed as aforesaid, within their respective Parishes,

as any other Constables therein are by this Act empowered and required to do and perform in the Execution thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That on the Days appointed for Training and Exercise under this Act, the Officer or Serjeant attending at such Training and Exercise, and the Constable present at such

Meeting, shall call the Muster Roll of the Men enrolled in such Parish or united Parishes, and mark the Names of the Persons present at such Training and Exercise, and also the Names of all Absentees and Defaulters; and the Persons calling such Muster Roll shall thereupon sign the same so marked, and certify the same to be a true and correct Account of the Persons present at such Training and Exercise, and also of the Absentees.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any Counties ill England, fabjeft nevertheless to such Orders as maybe given in that Behalf by His Majesty, through One of His principal Secretaries of State, to make Orders for the Care and Custody of any Arms and Accoutrements provided and suppliedin order to the Instruction of the Men so to be trained and exercised; and the Expence thereof* not exceeding For every Stand of Anns and Set of Accoutrements the Sum Of Three Shillings per drmum,

-'being

Clerics of General Meetings, and by County Lieutenants Co Secretary of State.

His Majesty -may order Persons to he trained, and regulate Time and Place of Exercise.

Sunday not to be* a Day of Exercisr.

Limitation of Times and Placet of Training.

One Constable in every Pirilb'. shall attend at' the Exercise, fop which he shall have an Allowance.

Penally ott Neglect by Constable 2os. per Day,

General and

Subdivision Meetings may appoint Special Constables out of Persons exempt from Military Service*

On the Daysof Exercise the Muster Roll shall be called, &c.

Lieutenancy may make Order*for thw Custody of ih* Arms and Accoutiement,,

82Z

inflect* shall be

jv iriit-r*. i'enaity on Patron, nor rc-livering or dmiagirv Arms, See, 3l. ice.

Penalty fior buying such Arms, Sec- 10l.

JIi* Majesty may appoint Officers.

On Apprrbcn-fionol imm du; Invasion j pj is Majesty may embody Pet Tons enrolled.

'In case of I nvafion, or Appearance of an Enemy up >n the Cnaft, Hig jetty tnay place Men nrulled for the current or piectpding Year, in cxitfing R g'mtncs, or foim new Co'ps thereof, to be led into any Part of Great Biirain, and while embodied they Aall be fub}e£t to Mutiny AA and Articles of War.

Persons called out (hill t*kethe 0.«rh herein set .forth.

None (h : 1! be comp* lied to serve out of Great Britain. Time of Service.

His Majesty m*J give

C. yc.' 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

being fixed by Order of such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall and may be paid out of the County Stock of the County or Place to which the same shall relate.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Purpose of Training and Exercising under this Act shall be marked distinctly in forae visible Place with the Letters M G. R." and in case any Man shall not re deliver to the Person duly authorized to receive such Arms, or shall refuse to replace the same in the P ace assigned for the keeping thereof after Exercise, or shall fell, pawn, or lose any Arms or Accoutrements delivered to him, or shall wilfully damage any such Arms, every such Man shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if such Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted, shall commit him to any Gaol or House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time net exceeding One Month, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, or conceal any i^rms or Accoutrements so delivered from the Training and Ev.ercifing under this Act, the Person ib offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender (h ill not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted, shall commit him or her to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Fine.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time, and from Time to Time, to appoint any General and other Officers, and also to appoint or cause to be appointed any Serjeants and other Non-commissioned Officers, for the Commanding, Training, and Exe.cifing the Persons enrolled to be tra'ned and exercised, and to serve under this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, on Apprehension of immediate Invasion, to ordpr that all the Persons enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this Act, or any Class or ClaiTes, or Proportion of any such Persons as aforesaid, shall be embodied within their respective Counties for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, but not to be marched out of the County to which they shall belong, unless in case of actual Invasion, or of the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast: Provided always, that if no such Officers shall be appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, or until such Officers shall be appointed, all Persons so enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this Act, shall be under the Command of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the Counties in which such Men shall be so enrolled, or of any Officers appointed for that Purpose by such Lieutenants.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion of any Part of the United Kingdom, or on the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order in Council, or Proclamation, to draw out and assemble, and embody, all or any Part, Proportion, or Class, as aforesaid, of the Men who shall have been ballotted and enrolled to be trained and exercised, and to serve under this Act for the then Year or the preceding Year, and from Time to Time to attach such Men, or any of them, to the Regiments* Battalions, 6r Corps of Regulars, or Militia belonging to their respective Counties, if the same can conveniently be done; or if by reason of the unavoidable Distance of such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, the same cannot conveniently be done, then in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Regulars or Militia then serving in Great Britain, or to cause such Men, or any of them, to be formed into new Regiments, Battalions, or CcrpS, or otherwise to employ them in Military Service, as the Occasion shall require; and to direct all or any of the said Men to be led into any Part of Great Britain for the Repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion, or for the Suppression of any. Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing at the Time of any such Invasion; and from the Time of any Men being drawn out and embodied on any Apprehension of immediate Invasion, or on the Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast, and until they shall be disembodied by His Majesty's Order, such Men shall be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in foree for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Act, and Articles of War, shall be in force with respect to them, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men, so drawn out and assembled, while embodied as aforesaid, in all Cases whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person so called out as aforesaid shall, upon repairing to the Place of Assembly, take the following Oath, and which shall and may be then and there administered to him by any Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace; (that is to say),

I B* do sincerely promise and swear. That L will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully serve His Majesty within Great Britain, so long as I shall be required fb to do, under the Provisions of an Act for enabling His Majesty, to train and exercise a Proportion* of His Subjects, and to provide for the Defence of the Realm.

'So help me GOD.*

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none of the Persons who shall be so drawn out by virtue of this Act, shall be compellable, on any Pretence whatsoever, to serve out of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or in any other Case or Manner than is herein specified, or be kept embodied for a longer Period than One Month after the Enemy shall have been repelled or driven from the Coast, or after any such Rebellion f Insurrection shall have been suppressed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, although no Invasion shall have taken place, and before any Enemy shall appear in force upon the Coast, to give from Time to Time

provisional

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 90. 8*3

provisionnl Orders for forming the Men actually so enrolled, and also the Men who shall have been enrolled in provisional the preceeding Year, into Regiments, Battalions, or Corps, under General and other Officers, and also for the

attaching such Persons to any such Regiments, Battalions, or Corps of Regulars or Militia as aforesaid, and also Mcn enrolled, in relation to the drawing out, assembling, and embodying such Men in the Event of any such Invasion, or Appearance of the Enemy in force upon the Coast; and all such provisional Orders of His Majesty shall, when the Case shall arise, be as valid and effectual, and be obeyed, observed, and performed in the same Manner, in all Respects until any further or other Orders shall be given by His Majesty in that Behalf, as if the same had been issued and g ven at the Time of any such Invasion, or Appearance of the Enemy upon the Goad.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant in every \ ounty may and shall, on any Direction NoticelhaM be from His Majesty, ascertain and fix upon, and give publick Notice of proper Places of Assembly within their e

respective Counties; and also of proper general Signals for drawing out and assembling any Men under this Act Assembly, and in case of Invasion, or the Appearance of any Enemy in force upon the Coast, either by firing of Guns, or by of the Sgnal* ro« Flags, Beacons, Rockets, or otherwise, as shall appear most expedient and bed adapted to the Nature of the be used. Country, and moil effectual for the giving immediate Notice therein of any such Invasion, or Appearance of an Enemy upon the Coast.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so ordered to be drawn out, assembled, and embodied Perkns enrolled under this Act, and resident in the County or District for which he shall be enrolled when such Order or Proclamation is issued, or Signal made, and not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him from Military Order or Signal, Service, and not prevented by any inevitable. Accident or Necessity, shall not appearand march in pursuance of ih.iii he deemed such Order, or upon the making of any such general Signals of Alarm as aforesaid, every such Man shall be liable Defer ter*, to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Ad which shall be then in force for plinifliing Mutiny and Desertion, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the fame; and if Pemltyon any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Man when ordered to be embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to la bouring such be enrolled under this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One Dctc, lcr*»IOjl* _ hundred Pounds.

XLI. 1 rovided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall deem it expedient to The Occafi»n of order and direct that any Men enrolled for Military Service under this Act, or any Part, Proportion, or Class as rniK><iying Men aforesaid of such Men, shall be embodied under this Act, the Occasion of such Order shall be communicated to Parliament, if Parliament shall be then fitting, as early as the same can be done after the issuing of such Order; mi|f>icarc(j and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then the Occasion of such Order shall be declared in Council, and Parliament, notified by Proclamation.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That on and from the Day of drawing out, assembling, and embodying the Officers and Men enrolled for Military Service in any County under this Act, the Officers and Men of such County so drawn when out, assembled, and embodied, shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's other Infantry Forces; and if any Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man, shall be maimed or wounded in of i h/Rcguiai* actual Service, he shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital, in the same Manner as any Non-commissioned and Chelsea Officer, Drummer, or private Man, belonging to any of His Majesty's Forces, 'Hospital.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Persons enrolled for Training and Exercising, and Service, Allowances for under this Act as aforesaid, shall be ordered out into actual Service or embodied before Invasion, the Receiver Ntctlories to General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioner3 for the Affairs of Taxes for the P^rfotu dmwn County to which such Person shall belong, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or otltcr our* Commanding Officer of every Company of Persons so ordered out into actual Service, or to such other Person as the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint to receive the same, the Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings, and in case of being embodied before any Invasion, the Sum of Thirty Shillings, for each Person, for the Purpose of providing Necessaries; and sill the Money so paid by the said Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Accounts.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That after the Defeat and Expulsion of the Enemy from the Realm, and On Dc*at and Suppression of any such Rebellion or Insurrection, to be notified by His Majesty's Proclamation, all and every Expulsion of such Persons who shall have been so drawn out, assembled, orembodied, under the Provisions of this Act, shall Eu.-iny, Jcc.One-forthwith be returned to their respective Parishes; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that 1, 0

the Sum of One Guinea shall be paid, under the Direction of any General or other iuperior Officer under whole burning Command such Men shall then happen to be, to every such Person so permitted to return, Home as aforesaid, Hu tie. over and above the usual Rate of Pay to which such Person shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his Parish.

XLV. And be it further evaded, That it shall be lawful for any Lord Lieutenant of any County, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint aay Deputy Lieutenant to act for him within the County, as Lieutenant thereof, during the necessary and unavoidable Absence, Sickness, or other Disability of such Lord Lieutenant, A-pfoUu.n of and no longer, and to appoint any Deputy Lieutenant to act as Lieutenant of any, Division of such County; and all Vice Lieutenants so appointed under this Act shall, from and after the passing thereof, rank withinPP, itU :ny their respective Counties as Lieutenant Colonels of Militia j and all Lieutenants of Divisions so appointed 0

under this Act, shall rank within their respective Counties as Majors of Militia; and all other Deputy^a# yice> Lieutenants acting as such in their respective Subdivisions, shall rank within their respective Counties as Captains Lieutenants.

of Militia. Rant of Vice Lieutenant*, &c.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinaue Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Warden, &c. of Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, and all Magistrates, Jurats, Cor.stables, Church- p^' {.

wardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers within the same, shall put in Execution within the said th

Ports, Towns, and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, and do or cause Manner

to

Ucutruanrs of Counties.

Warden of

Stannaries* See. shall execute the Act in like Wanner*

R.inlt of such Wardens* 6c c.

Ad shall not extend tol.ondon

JFines on Placet not proceeding to ballot and enrol, 5l. per Man.

Such F«net shall be levied by Court of Exchequer on Application of Attorney Gencial,

flow Deputy Lieutenants and Justices may alt so Execution of this Act*

Recovery of Penaltion above T{l. in Courts of Record.

One Justice of Pcacc#or Deputy JLirutmant, may (within Six Months after Offence) determine Penalties not exceeding 15U leviable by plttiefi, &c.

C. 90. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

to be done all Aftl, Matters, or Things thereby required, in like Manner as Lieutenants of Counties, and their Deputy Lieutenants, Constables^ Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers, may put in Execution all such Powers and Authorities, and do or cause to be done such Acts, Matters, and Things respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Stannaries, Special Deputy Warden, and all other Officers of the Stannaries in Great Britain, shall respectively, in obedience to His Majesty's Orders, to be issued for that Purpose, procure like Returns to be made, and all other Matters to be done, touching the Tinners of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, according to the Customs of the Stannaries and PrivUeges of th? working Tinners, as are hereby required to be done by the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants aforesaidd, touching other Persons residing in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, not entitled to the Benefit of such Privileges 5 and such Warden, Special Deputy Warden, and other Officers of the Stannaries, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities to do and execute all and every the Matters and Things which shall be so required to be done as aforesaid, as the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties have for doing the several Matters and Things hereby required to be done by them respectively.

XLVIII. And be it turther enabled, That the Lord Warden and the Special Deputy Warden of the Stannaries shall have the same Military Command and Rank, and the Lord Warden the same Power of appointing a Special Deputy Warden to act in his Absence within the Stannaries, as the Lieutenants and Vice Lieutenants have in their respective Counties.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be confirucd to extend to the City of London.

L. And be it further enacted, That every County, Hundred, and Parish, for which Men shall not have been ballotted and enrolled according to the Provisions 01 this Act, under any Order made for that Purpose, shall be subject to a Fine of Five Pounds for every' Man required by this Act to be enrolled in such County, Hundred, or Parish, remaining deficient in such Enrolment.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case proper Returns of Enrolment under this Act for any County, Hundred, or Parish, shall not have been made, it shall he lawful for the Court of Exchequer, on Application of His Majesty's Attorney General (if it shall see fit) to grant a Rule, calling upon the Treasurer of the County, the Chief Constable of the Hundred, or Constable of any Parish, in respect of which such Application shall be made, to shew Cause why such County, Hundred, or Parish respectively should not be fined; and if no sufficient Cause be shewn to the Court within such Time as shall be specified in such Rule upon such Treasurer, Chief Constable, or Constables respectively, then to fine such County, Hundred, or Parish, in respect of which such Application shall be made, in any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds per Man for every Man deficient on such Enrolment, and to cause such Fine to be levied by Distringas, or other Process applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court, upon the Chief Constable or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings as to Hundreds, or upon the Confiahles and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish; and it shall also be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer thereafter td remit any such Fine or Fines, on Proof to the Satisfaction of the Court, that the proper Ballot and Enrolment have been executed under this Act, and duly returned.

LII. And be it further enacted, That where Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act directed or empowered to do any Act, Matter, or Thing, in or concerning the Execution thereof, the same shall be good and valid if it be done by any One Deputy Lieutenant, or, in the Absence of any Deputy Lieutenant, by One Justice of the Peace, except as to all such Matters as are directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Absence of a Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or at any General Meeting, or at any Subdivision Meeting held for the Purpose of making Apportionments: Provided always, that where Two Deputy Lieutenants only mail be able to attend any Subdivision Meeting for hearing Appeals, or making Apportionments, or superintending any Ballots or Enrolments under this Act, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate, or where One Deputy Lieutenant only shall be able to attend any such Meeting, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or Magistrates of the Division or District, to fit and aft with such Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, with all such Powers and Authorities relating thereto, as are in this Act or any Act relating to the Militia, given to Deputy Lieutenants.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That all FineS, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall exceed Fifteen Pounds shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, or at the Suit of any Person appointed to sue for the fame, by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or Vice Lieutenants acting for any Lieutenant, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of lValesy or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of CheJlcTy Lanoaftery and Durham (as the Case shall require), wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or Deputy Lieutenant, residing near the Place where any Offence shall he committed against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding Fifteen Pounds* to hear and determine such Offence at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed; and such Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutcuant. shall, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fast; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as by this Act is directed, and to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party

the

A.D. 1806. GEORGII III. C. 90.

the Overplus, if any.; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to Snfwer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, ' there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, then he or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame; and in case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Colls occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be fommoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is directed as to the other Penalties.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Deputy Lieutenant before whom any Offe der shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis 5 (that is to say),

11 gE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

u in the County of A.B. of was convicted befone

44 me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [or, One of the Deputy Lieutenants, as the Case may be] 44 for the said Ceunty, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the % t Day of now last pnft, did, contrary to the Form of the

t Statute in that Case made and provided \JbereJlate the Offence against ihe Act] and I do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice, or Deputy Lieutenant, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty in such Manner as he shall see fit (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation) so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than One Moiety of the Penalty incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made in pursuance of this Act by any Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be removed by Certiorari into nny Court whatever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceedings, upon any such Order or Conviction, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had thereupon; any such Writ or Writs notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by any Officers or Persons concerned in the Execution of this Act, or incurred, paid, or levied under any of the Provisions of this Act, relating to the Enrolment of any Persons under this Act, or to any Persons liable to be ballotted or enrolled under this Act, or under any of the Provisions relating thereto, shall go and be applied under any general or

gicular Order or Orders of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the Discharge of any ences of any Training or Exercising under this Act, within the County, Riding, or Place where the same arise, or any incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act, within such County, Riding, or Place.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks to Subdivision Meetings, and all other Officers and Persons whatsoever, entitled under any Acts relating to the Militia to any Remuneration for their Pains and Labour in executing the Provisions of any Acts relating to the Militia, who shall execute the like or other Provisions of this Act to the Satisfaction of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants, shall, for such Services respectively, receive such Rewards as are directed by the said Acts, or such future Reward for their Pains and Trouble in and about the executing this Act, as the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Meeting held for that Purpose, at which not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper, "and shall certify under their Hands; and such respective Rewards shall, on the Production of such Certificates so signed as aforesaid, to ti e respective Receivers General in England, be paid out of any Publick Monies in their Hands, and be allowed in their Accounts.

i General Issue. — Treble Costs. $ 61 — Act may be altered in this Session. §62.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

RULES and REGULATIONS relating to Persons enrolled under an Act for the Defence of the Realm. All Persons trained under this Act to be allowed Pay for Twenty-four Days, at One Shilling per Day.

To attend at the Places and Times fixed for Exercise, and obey all Orders of Officers or Serjeants relating to Training and Exerdfing, during Times of Ejercife; to take due Care of Arms; and to deposit them where required.

46 Geo. III. 5 N FINES

825

Appeal to C^jaitci Svtiionf,

Penalty on Wnncflcs ncxlccting to appear, 5l.

Form of Conviction,

Penalties may be mitigated to One Half,

Order or Canvitfion not removrable by Cettivruri.

Penalties shall be applied to Expences of training, &c.

Reward to

Clerk.* and other OiEcers.

i

826 c. 90. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

FINES FOR NON ATTENDANCE.

Forfeiture of Pay, and Ten Shillings for ever)'Day short of Eight Days in each Four Months, if Days shall be'*so appointed; or for every Day short of Twenty-four Days, if Days shall he appointed yearly.

Persons not having or receiving any Annual Sums, of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowance, or other Income, amounting in the Whole to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, to forfeit Five Shillings in Head of Ten Shillings, for each of such Absences.

Persons not having any annual Sum of Money, Profits, Gains, Allowances, or other Income, amounting in the Whole to Fifty Pounds per Annum, to forfeit Two Shillings instead of Ten Shillings for each of such Absences.

Persons excused from Poor Rates, or being Part of the Family of any Persons excused from Poor Rates by reason of Poverty, and who are by reason thereof exempt from the ^Payment of such Rates and Duties, to forfeit Two Shillings instead of Ten Shillings, for each of such Absences.

Persons prevented by Illness, certified by Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary actually practising, or Clergyman and Constable, to Satisfaction of Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, to forfeit only Pay.

Persons absent on Business, and making good Days on any succeeding Period, to have Fines returned for such Days, by Order of Deputy Lieutenant or Justice, on Certificate of Serjeant and Constable.

Persons removing during the Year from the Parish or Place of Residence, to have a Certificate of Exercise up to the Time of Removal from the Officer or Serjeant, or, in the Absence of any Officer or Serjeant, the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place (which they are hereby required to give on Demand thereof, without Fee or Reward).

On Frodudliori of such Certificate to any Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace of the Division, or to the Officer, Serjeant, or Constable of the Parish or Place to which such Person shall remove, such Person to be entered as if ballotted in such Parish or Place, and to be there trained and exercised, and to have Credit for the Days of Exercise contained in his Certificate.

Producing of such Certificate, and conforming to Regulations of this Act in Parish or Place of subsequent Residence, to exempt from Fines for Non-attendance in the first Parish or Place.

During Absence from Parish, Certificate of Training and Exercise in any other Parish to be received, and to exempt from Fines in Parish of Enrolment for those Days.

Persons enrolled, and afterwards leaving Great Britain, and giving Notice to Constable, discharged from Penalties for not Training and Exercising, so long as he shall continue out of Great Britain.

Persons absent for temporary Purposes only, from the Parish of Enrolment, and Training and Exercising, who shall on Return prove to Satisfaction of any Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, that he could not train and exercise during such Absence, either by reason of travelling, or not continuing a sufficient Length of Time in One Place, or there being no Training and Exercising in the Parishes or Places in which he shall have been during such Absence, may, by such Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice or Magistrate, be discharged from Fines during such Absence.

For MISCONDUCT.

For irregular Conduct, or not behaving in an orderly Manner, or disobeying the lawful Commands of any Officer or Serjeant commanding or training, or exercising, to forfeit say of the Day, or Pay of the Day and any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, or Deputy Lieutenant.

Officer or Serjeant empowered to deliver any such Person into the Custody of the Constable, to be by him taken before a Justice of the Peace, or Deputy Lieutenant, so that such Person shall not be kept in Custody for any Night previous to being taken before a Magistrate.

All Fines may be levied by Distress under the Act; and, if no Distress, Offender maybe imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Two Days for Non-payment of any Fine not exceeding Five Shillings, and not exceeding Five Days for any Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings, in Addition to any adjudged Imprisonment.

MUSTER ROLLS to be kept by Serjeant and Constables, to be returned to Clerk of Subdivision Meetings* ard to Commanding Officer of Di-lridt.

Roll to be called at the Hour of Meeting.

Persons coming after Roll Call not to be entitled to be inserted in Muster.

Serjeants and Constable to give Certificate, on Demand, to every Person belonging to any other Parish, who shall train and exercise, of his having trained and exercised according to the Alt, and of the Number of Days, specifying the Days on which he shall have so exercised.

- Serjeant or Co liable taking any Money or Bribe, or Gift of any Sort, for any false Muster, or for the Training* or Exercising of any Men, or for any Certificate, to be fined Ten Pounds, and Treble the Money or Value of Gift received, and imprisoned at Discretion of the Justice. or Deputy Lieutenant, not exceeding Two Months, (to be recovered and applied as any Penalty or Forfeiture under Fifteen Pounds may be recovered under this Act).

Fines to be collected by Constable, or any Overseer of the Poor, and to be paid to Overseer of the Poor, and the Account kept by them of Amount.

To be subject to Distribution according to Orders, under the Act.

Deputy Lieutenant may, with Approbation of Lieutenant, and His Majesty, establish Rewards for Skill in firing at Target with Ball, under any Regulation to be approved of by General Officer of the District, and Lieutenant, to be defrayed out of Fines. CAP.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 91. 827

CAP. XCI.

An Act for the Return of corrctt Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two Years.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia; And Whereas it is expedient His Majesty should be empowered to direct that new Lifts should be forthwith made

out and returned, under the said Act, of Persons liable to serve, and that Provision should be made for the altering and amending such Lifts be it therefore emitted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall he lawful for His Majesty, at any Time after the patting of this Att, in case it shall appear to Him to be necessary, to direct the Lord Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places in England, or in their Absence the Vice Lieutenants, or any Three Deputy Lieutenants authorized to att for any Lord Lieutenant, by Precept under his or their Hand and Seal, to require the High Constable of each Subdivitton, Hundred, Rape, Lath, and Wapentake within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, to direct, by Warrant or Order under their Hands, the several Constables, Tythirsgmcn, Headboroughs, or other Officers of every Parish, Tything, or Place within the respective Hundreds, R rpesr Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of their respectrte Counties, Ridings, and Places, to g've or have Notice, within Seven Days after the Receipt of any such Order, to or with all Occupiers of I loufes and Apartments within the Limits of their respective Authorities, to make Returns according to the Pruvilion of the said recited Act; and such Constables shall, within Ten Days after the Delivery of such Notices, make out Lifts, and give Notice of such Lifts in Manner therein directed, by affixing Copies of such Lifts in co*i picuous Places, according to the Provittons of the said Act, and give Notices as therein directed of the D lys, Times, and Places for hearing Appeals on such Lifts.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Return to such Notices, delivered to the Constables or other Officers aforesaid, and every Return hereafter to be made under the said recited Act, or any other Att relating to the Militia, shall specify the Ages of and other Particulars relating to the Persons returned therein, according to the borm in the Schedule to this Att annexed, marked (A.); and when such Return shall notliave been made, such Arcs and other Particular, shall be specified by the Constables in their Returns, according to the belt of their Belief; and the Persons so returned shall he classed by the Clerks of Subdivitton Meetings, according to their several Ages, and other Circumstances, in the Form and in the Classes in the Schedule to this Att annexed, marked (B.), and shall in like Manner be chitted according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.j, in the Returns to be made by the Clerks of General Meetings to the Privy Council.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order given by One of His Principal Secretaries of State, to direct that the Persons to be returned under this Att, or any Att relating to the Militia, shall be arranged in any other Clatte9 as to Age, Marriage, Children, or other Circumstances, and to require Returns to be made to the Constables, and by Clerks of General and Subdivitton Meetings respectively, according to any such Clafies, and in such other Forms as His Majesty shall by any such Order please to direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Ministers and Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and other Parochial Officers in every Parish, Tything, or Place, shall, tr.d th'»y are hereby required, to aid and assist by every lawful Means in their Power, the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Officers, in making out the Lifts required to be returned by them under this Att, or any Att relating to the Militia, in their respectire Parishes, Tythings, and Places.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Lifts shall be required under this Att, the Lord Lieutenants, Vice or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall order and direct that Subdivitton Meetings shall be appointed to be held at such Times and Places as they shall direct, not exceeding One Month after the Precepts to the High Constables shall have been so ifluedns aforesaid, for the Purpose of hearing Appeals thereon, and for correttine such Lifts and such Subdivitton Meetings shall thereupon assemble, and hear such Appeals and corrctt such Lifts; and the Clerks of such Subdivitton Meetings shall, within Seven Days after such Meeting, make cut correct Abstracts of such Lifts, and transmit the same to the Clerks of General Meetings, on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Clerk of General Meetings shall, upon the Receipt of such Abstracts, within Seven Days, make out corrctt Abstracts thereof, and return the lame to His Majesty's Privy Council, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglect therein the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, Em Ed for eftallishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm; and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Redufiin of the Militia of England, whereby Provision-was made for the gradual Reduction of the Militia raised in the several Counties in England, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, to the original Quotas specified as to such Counties in the said last mentioned Act: And Whereas a certain other Att was passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, En Eelfor allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain, voluntarily to inlifl into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines, whereby the Militia in Great Britain was allowed to be reduced to the original Quotas so specified as aforesaid, by the voluntary enlisting of Men from the Militia into His Majesty's Regular Forces and Royal Marines: And Whereas, notwithstanding the said last n cited > 4 Atts, the Number of Men serving in the Militia in England (till exceeds in the Whole the Number of Militia

5 N 2 4 required

42 C 3. c. 50.

HUMijVAy

111 iv diu <ft Lieutenant* of Cunii's to rake M afares lor givn-g Notice by C notables, and oh: lini'ig Kanins uoefer 42 G. 3. c. 9Q.

9

Rrrur: s fh^I!

'pre 1 fy Ages of Perfiim, who Ih.iM he cbtTcd according tj*Schedules annexed.

Hi* M >j ftp

rn.iv order other ChlTc* t be return* d, and in other Fv-tm*.

Parochial Office! s fh ! affid CorfLnle* in making out Lifts.

M rtings to he "held for heating Appeals ."'nd currecting Lift*

4*0. 3. r.

;e It <i b*

4'; <Vv c if.}

42 G. 3. c. 90. 45 G- 3- c-

82 8

Ballot for the

Militia in England suspended for Two Years:

His Majesty may oidu Billot so: supplying Vacancies in original Quota, under 42 G. 3. c. 90. § I (J» Powers of lecited Art,

42 G. 3 c. 90. or any other Art relating to the Militia extended to this Art.

C. 91; 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

required to be raised (exclusive of the Supplementary Militia) under the said recited Act of the Forty-second

Year of His present Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient that the Ballot should be still further suspended; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Ballot for the enrolling any Man to serve in the Militia \n England, or for the supplying any Vacancy which may arise therein, shall take place until the full End and Term of Two Years after the passing of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further ertafted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time within such Period of Two Years as aforesaid, if He shall think fit to order and direct by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, that such Ballot shall take place for the Purpose of supplying any Vacancies, or any Proportion of any Vacancies which may have arisen in the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, after the Militia thereof shall have been reduced to the Quota specified in the said recited Act of the Forty*second Year aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said Act of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any other Acts relative to the Militia of England, shall, as far as the same are applicable and can be applied for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied for the Puqiofes of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Mattel's, and Things were again repeated and enacted in this Act. u Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §9.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

Take Notice, That you are hereby required, within Two Days from the Date hereof, to prepare and produce a List in Writing, to the best or your Belief, of the Christian Name and Surname of each and every Man resident in your Dwelling House, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty-five, distinguishing in such Lift the several Particulars mentioned in the Columns thereof; and you are to sign such Lift with your own Name, and to deliver or cause the same to be delivered to me.

Dated the Day of

A.B. Constable.

Names. Description. Age. Whether any j Child, and if 1 any, whether any under 14. Exempt or not Exempt from Militia. 1 Grounds of Exemption. Effective j Volunteer or Yeoman. Licensed Teacher nor carrying on Trade, or Medical Practitioner actually practising.

A.B. Housekeeper 40 Child under 14 1 E, Exempt Clergyman -

C.D. Servant 28 None Not " -

E F. Lodger 24 None Not — Volunteer —

G.H. Inmate 30 None Not Yeomanry Corps i —

N.B. If any House is divided into distinct Stories, or Apartments occupied distinctly, each distinct Occupier is required to make this Return.

Negl<eft of Compliance with this Notice will subject the Party to a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

Take Notice, That the Day of at the Hour of in the noon,

is appointed for hearing Appeals within this Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the A.B. Constable of

Schedule (B.)

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 91. 829

Schedule (B.)

RETURN to be made by the Coaflable to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting.

Names. Description. Age. If any Child, and if any, whether any under 14. Exempt or not exempt from Militia. Grounds of Exemption. Effective Volunteer or Yeoman. License Teacht? not carrying on 1 rade, or Medical Practitioner actually practisin?.

A.B. C.D. E. F. G. H. I. K. L. M. Housekeeper Servant Lodger Inmate Housekeeper Housekeeper 40 28. 24 19 41 34 Child under 14 Nor.e f 3 Children 1 t not under 14 / None Exempt Not exempt Not exempt Exempt ( Officer of) \ Marines J Apprentice f Effective 1 \ Volunteer / f Practiting \ Apothecary

Schedule (C.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of Subdivision Meeting to Clerk of General Meeting.

Pari lb Descriptions of Persons liable to serve. Total liable to serve.^Persons exempt from fierving. 1 Total exempt.

Having no Children. Having Children. Yeomanry and Volunteers. Army, Marines, Sea Fcnci-bles. Clergy, Lictnied Teachers, Medical Men, and Constables. Infirm.

Under 3c. Above 30 No Child j under 14.J Any Child under 14.

A. 130 150 120 135 535 82 JO 4 8 104

B* 210 2CO14 22549 xoo 70 lo 12 142

C.

General )

Totals, j

Schedule (D.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of General Meetings to the Privy Council.

Snb- division Descriptions of Persons liable to serve. i otals liable to serve. Persons exempt from serving.

Having no hildren Having Children. Yeomanry and Volunteers. Army, Marines, Sea-Fenci- bles. Gergy, Licensed Teachers, Medical Mer, and Constables. Infirm

Under 30 Above 30 N'O Child under 14. Any Child under 14.

A.B. C. 500 34o 420 400 1, 660 1 300 50 20 3

General 1 Totals J

830 C. 92

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

42 G. 3 c. 8r. $ 5-

Penalties tinder recited A<*>, in calc of Otfences in Scotland, may be sued lor in «he Court of SelHon, &«.

41 G. 3. (U.K.; c. 7. S .5.

'Pnftmaster Gcncrai may ii dertake ihe D. livery of l.rtter> to and from PI ice* not Pull Town-., at fu, h Rate* a< flt ill be agreed on bet we' n h.iii and the I iihalntants;

But such Inhabitant* shall not he pr< venr< d

fro-n -mpi V ir'g

Me AT*. to eanv rs.

Pioduceof Rvei shall be bed

ii p.efeul Rates.

the

7

the

CAP. XCII.

An Act to amend Three Acts, made In the Thirty-fifth, Forty-first, and Forty-second Years of Hi present Majesty, relating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4 V /n Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year if the Reign of His present Majesty, as

6 relates to the secreting, embezzling, or defraying any Letter or Packets sent by the Post, and for the better Protection of fliCh Letters and Packets; ami for more ejj'c dually preventing Letters and Packets being sent other wise than by the Post; it was among other Things enacted, that, from and after the passing of the said Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever should fend, or cause to be sent or conveyed, or tender or deliver, in order to be sent or conveyed otherwise than by the Post, or by and with the Authority and Coufent of the Postmaster General for the Time being, or his Eeputy or Deputies, or to the nearest or most convenient Post Town, to be from thence forwarded by the Post, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence against the Tenor of the said Act the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as in the said Act is directed: And whereas no Provision is made by the said Act for recovering the Penalties thereby infiided in the Case of Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whereby Offenders against the said Acts have avoided the Penalties thereby intended to be infiided: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted : And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the pecuniary Penalties in the said recited Act mentioned and thereby imposed, shall and may, in the Case of any Offence against the aforesaid Act, which shall be committed in that Hart of Great Britain called Scotland, be sued for and recovered in His Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person who shall and will inform and file for the fame; One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the ether Moiety thereof to the Use of the Pe. son who shall so infprm and luc for the fame

II. And Whereas by an Act, made in the Forty-lirft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Pojhige in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in ' lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven; it was amongst other '4 Things enacted, that, from and after the passing of the said Act, it should be lawful to and for His Majesty's Post Master General to undertake, at the Expence of the Revenue of the*>11 Office, the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters directed to Persons abiding in Towns, Villages, and Places (not being Poll Towns),

from the respective Post Towns to which such Letters fuould be carried by the Post in the usual Manner; and also the Collection and Conveyance of Letters in and from Towns, Villages, and Places, in order to sent by the Post, and to take such Sum and Sums of Money for the Uic of His Majesty* His Heirs and Successorr,

for such respective Extra Services to be performed, as should and might be mutually agreed upon by and between the Postmaster General and the Inhabitants respectively: And Whereas it may be expedient to give Permission to the Poll Master General to collect, convey, and deliver Letters in and from Towns, Villages,

and Places, although such Letters may not have been previously sent by the Post, or may not be intended to be forwarded by the Post : Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and maybe lawful to and for His Majesty's Poll Master General, in his Discretion, to undertake, at the Expence of the said Revenue, the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters directed to Persons abiding in Towns, Villages, and Places, (not being Post Towns) from any other Towns, Villages, and Places, (not being Post Towns; and also the Collection and Conveyance of Letters in and from any Towns, Villages, and Places, (net being Post Towns) to any other Towns, Villages, and Places, (not being Post Towns); and to take such Sum and Sums of Money for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such respective Extra Services to be performed, as shall and may from Time to Time be mutually agreed upon by and between the Poll Master General and the Inhabitants respectively.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conllruvd to extend, to hinder or prevent the Inhabitants of any such Towns, Villages, and Places respectively from 'carrying fcr re-carrying or employing any Messenger, Servant, or other Person, to carry or re-cany any Letters or Packets to or from such Towns, Villages, and Places respectively; any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be received for such extra Services as aforesaid shall, after paying the Expences incurred, be applied in such Manner as the present Rates of Postage are by Law applicable.

*1 3> G. 3. c. 53. §7, 8. (respecting Letters sent by the Post from or to Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen,4 or Privates in Navy or Army at a low Rate of Postage, ) recited and repealed. §5.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, it shall be lawful to and for each and every Seaman employed in His Majesty's Navy within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, whilil such Seakvan fin 11 1^ actually employed in His Majesty's Service, and not

otherwise

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 92, 831

raco, u 'der the Lc^ulatio >s

and the IName of the r>mp or veiiei commanded by him.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight Snmm miy hundred and lix, it shall and may he lawful to and for each and every Seaman employed in His Majesty's Navy, , fcc, vc within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, whilst such Seaman shall be actually emoloved in His Majesty's #Tr / n

No* to extend1

otherwise, to fend Single Letters by the Post on his own private Concern only, at the Rate of One Penny only Pol on paying for each such Letter, the same to be paid upon putting the same into the Port Office of the Town or Place 0 c Penn>'fi, r from whence such Letter is intended to be sent by the Post: Provided nevertheless, that upon every such Letter so to be sent, the Name of the Writer, and his Class or Description in the Ship or Vessel to which he shall belong, fhaM be superferifeed; and provided also, that upon every such Letter there ffia'l be written, in the mentioned Hand Writing of and ligned by the Officer having at the Time the Command of the Ship or Vessel, his Name and the Name of the Ship or Vessel commanded by him.

- " iy

c

any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, whilst such Seaman shall be actually employed in His Majesty's p.'JjOne"0 Service and not otherwise, to receive by the Post on his own Private Concerns only, free from Postage, Single pen-.y having Letters; provided that the Sum of One Penny for the Postage of each Single Letter shall be paid upon putting bee 1 ..ai: l »ltcn the same into a Post Office established under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Mailer General; and provided P , r rtu also, that every such Letter shall be directed to such Seaman, specifying on the Superscription thereof the Ship Otfie; undvr or Vessel to which he shall belong; and provided like wife, that it shall not be lawful for the Deputy Postmaster herein of the Town or Place to which such Letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such Letter to any Person mca.io.iecf. except the Seaman to which such Letter shall be directed, or to some Person appointed to receive the same, by Writing under the Hand of the Officer having the Command of the Ship or Vessel to wluch such Seaman shall belong: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to Letters H Office's, sent by or to Commissioned Officers or Warrant Officers, Midshipmen, or Mailers Mates.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight Sc- jeanrs, &c. hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer, Trumpeter, anrf P'ivarcs of Fifer, and Private Soldier, in His Majesty's Regular Forces, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery', or Royal

Marines, within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions whilst such Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, bkc M.inner, Fifer, and private Soldier respectively shall be actually employed in His Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, on piving One to fend Single Letters by the Poll, on his and their own private Concerns only, at the Rate of One Penny only Penny for each, for each such Letter, the same to be paid when putting the same into the Poll Office in the Town or Place &c-

from whence such Letter is intended to be sent by the Poll: Provided neveitlmless, that upon every such Letter so to be sent, the Name of the Writer and his Class or Description in the Regiment, Corps, or Detachment to which he shall belong shall be subscribed; and provided also, that upon every such Letter there shall be written in the Handwriting of and signed by the Officer having at the Time the Command of the Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, his Name, and the Name of the Regiment, Corps, or Detachment commanded by him.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred andm*y receive-and fix, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fiferj Leuersf.ee front* and private Soldier in His Majesty's Regular Forces, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines^ Porta£c» °"e within any ] art of His Majesty's Dominions, whilst such Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and afdwhcit Private Soldier, shall be actually employed in His Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, to receive by the Post* pyt j, 1tu the

on his or their own private Concerns only, free from Postage, single Letters; provided that the Sum of One Poll Office, Penny for the Postage of each such Letter shall be paid upon putting the same into a Poll Office established under tke Authority of His Majesty's Poll Master General; and provided also, that every such Letter shall be directed to such Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and Private Soldier, specifying on the Superscription thereof the Name of the Regiments, Corps, or Detachment to which he shall be eng; and

Srovided likwife that it shall not be lawful for the Deputy Postmaster of the Town or Place to which such .etter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such Letter to any Person, except the Serjeant, Corpora!*,

Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and Private Soldier, to whom such Letter shall be directed, or to some Person appointed to receive the same, by Writing under the Hand of the Officer having the Command of the Regiment,

Corps, or Detachment to which such Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and Private Soldier shall belong.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed N»t to extend? to extend, to Letters sent by or to Commissioned Officers, or Warrant Officers. 10

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having the Command of the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Penalty on Corps, or Detachment, and who is hereby authorized to write his Name and the Name of the Ship, Vessel, Commanders of Regiment, Corps, or Detachment commanded by him, upon any single Letter from any such Seaman, Serjeant, fZ^jV^L-tier* Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and Private Soldier, shall wilfully and knowingly write his Name nor fr'm upon any such Letter that is not from any such Seamen, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, Scarnci, 5l. and Private Soldier, and on his or their own private Concerns only, such Commanding Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not having at the Time the Command of the Ship, Penury on* Vessel, Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, shall write his Name upon any such Letter, in order that the same may be Tent at a lower Rate of Postage than by Law established, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds. fr inking L iters.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall knowingly and designedly i/kc iv, ahy <m address" a, Letter or Letters to any such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and Pm ate aingLcttci* Soldier, which shall be intended for another Person, or which shall be concerning the Affairs of another Person, tM Sfi, mrI*) with Intent to evade the Payment of the Rate of Postage by Law established, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

832 I

Penalty oft obtaining Signature of Commanding Oibr.crto Letters not on private Concerns of Seamen, $cc. 5L

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

The Treasury of Ireland cm-powered te contra^ with the Earl of Ormonde and Offuiy for the Purchase of his Right in the Pr.f ge and But-lcrage of Wines brought into Ireland.

c.»t*.\& fin.n

not be binding unless con hi me by Parliament.

IriOi A A 11 & 12 G. 3. c. 30.

6*.

ti-

C. 92 — <35. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall procure any such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, or Private Soldier, to obtain the Signature of his Commanding Officer to any Letter or Letters to be fentby the Pod, which shall not be on the private Concerns of such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and Private Soldier; or it any such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, and Private Soldier shall himself obtain the Signature of his Commanding Officer upon any Letter or Letters which shall not be from such Seaman, Serjeant, Corporal, Trumpeter, Drummer, Fifer, or Private Soldier, and upon his own private Concerns only, in order to avoid the Payment of the Rates of Poffage as by Law established, each and every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of the several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed upon any Offender or Offenders against the same shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the erson who shall and will inform and sue for the fame; and iiiall and may be recovered before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Riding, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Oaths the said Justice or Justices is hereby authorized and required to administer, ) and in default of Payment it shall and may be lawful for such Justice and Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for any Space (not exceeding One Month] or until such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be sooner paid.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; [16th July 1806.]

t: Treasury may (at any Time after passing aft) issue Exchequer Bills, as under Malt Act, c. 2 or this Session.

44 §1, 2. — Interest $\d.per Centum per Diem; and if not paid out of the Supplies for 1804, they shall be receivable in Payment at the Revenue, in Four Months after Date. §3. &c. — Bank of England authorized to advar.ee £, 030, ©col. on the Credit of this Act. $ 6.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable JValter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory is or claims to be entitled to the«W Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other 1 Places within Ireland: And whereas it would tend to uniformity in the Collection and Application of the

Revenue of Customs in Ireland, if the said Duties of Prisage and Butlerage were, by the Consent of the said ? Earl, to be re-vested in the Crown for the Publick Service be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing ihe Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to treat, contract, and agree, with the said Walter Earl of Ormonde and OJfory, or any other Person or Persons claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the respective Grants or Letters Patent under which the said Earl is or claims to be entitled to the fame, for the absolute Purchase or Surrender of all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, as he or they has or have or shall be entitled to claim in and to the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any of the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers, and other Places in Ireland, and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits, and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuity or Sum of Money, or both, to be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland\ at such Times and in such Manner, and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions for Redemption thereof or otherwise plating thereto, as the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, shall think fit, and as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract which shall he entered into as aforesaid,

I shall be binding on His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or shall be carried into Effect unless and until the same shall be sanctioned and confirmed by Act of Parliament.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for the more effectually regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals, in Ireland.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, an Act for badging such Poor as shall be found unable to support themselves by Labour, and otherwise providing for them, and for refraining such as shall be found able to support themselves by Labour or Industry from begging, it is, among other Things enacted, that a Corporation shall be erected in every County, and County of a City or Town in Ireland, for the Relief of the Poor, in Manner therein mentioned; and that, in order to create some Revenues for the said Corporations, the Grand Juries of every

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. c. 95.

County and County of a City or Town may present, at the Spring Assizes, the Sums in the said Act mentioned to be raised off such Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns respectively: And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign* 1 to explain tke said recited Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of His present Majesty, Provision was made for eucreasing the Funds of the said Corporations by further Presentments: And Whereas, in consequence of the Lapse of Time, and the Increase in the Price of Provisions which have taken place fmcc the said recited Acts, it is expedient to increase the Amount of the Sums to be presented and levied in Manner herein after

mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case it shall be made appear, by any Member of any such Corporations, to the Satisfaction of the Judge of Assize before whom the Summer Assizes shall be held in any Year in and for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, that the Corporation instituted under the said iirft recited Act, for the Relief of the Poor in such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, is properly regulated and conducted, and that on ?. Companion of the Expences incurred for the Objects relieved in the former Year it is evpedient that any greater Sum than the Sums mentioned in the said recited Acts should be presented and levied, or in case it illall be made appear to such Judge that a House of Industry is at the Time of such Affixes in the Course of being built, and that it inexpedient to provide for the Expence of building the fame, it shall and may be lawful fur the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town -respectively, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized at such Summer Affixes to present any such Sum or Sums of Mon^y as shall, together with the Sums presented under the said recited Acts, or either of them, amount, in any County of a City or County of a Town, to a Sum not less in the Whole than Four hundred Pounds nor more than Five hundred Pounds, and in any County at large to a Sum not less than Five hundred Pounds nor more than Seven hundred Pounds; and the Whole of the said Sums (not exceeding the Amount aforesaid) so presented at the said Assizes shall be raised and levied, in such Manner and Form, and shall be applied to such Purposes, as are directed by the said recited Acts with respect to the Sums directed to be presented, raised, and levied under the said recited Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That where a Lunatick Asylum, or any Ward or Waids for the Reception and Support of Idiots and insane Persons, is connected with or under the Direction of any House of Industry in any County, County of ?. City, or County of a Town in Ireland, and where no Presentment shall have been made for any Ward or Wards for the Reception of Idiots or Lunaticks in any Hospital or Infirmary of such County, County of k City, or County of a Town, under or by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and carrying more effectually into force the several Laws now in being for regulating the publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom and it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at any such Summer Assizes, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present such Sum or Sums, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, as shall appear to be necessary for the Support of such Asylum or Ward connected with such House of Industry; and such Sum shall be raised off the County at large, and levied and applied accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at the Spring and Summer Assizes in any Year, and at each Ealler and Michaelmas Term in the County of Dublin, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling ezch, to be paid to the Inspector of the Gaol, and also to the Distributor of the County Allowance cf Bread to the Prisoners confined in the Gaol of such County, County of a Town or City, in Addition to such Sum and Sums as the Grand Jury are now empowered to present for those Purposes, under and by virtue of the said Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and carrying more effectually into free the several Laws now in being for regulating the publick Gaols and Prisons throughout this Kingdom, or under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every City and Town in Ireland, where no special Provision

is made by any Local Act for levying Money presented, in which the Amount of any Preicnlmenta for the fe\eral Purposes mentioned in this Act, and the several Acts herein-before recited, is levied by an Assessment on Houses, according to the Valuation of the fame, for the Payment of Ministers' Money, no Part of any Sum which i shall at any Time from and after the passing of this Act be presented by any Grand Jury for the Purposes of this Act, cr any of the said several recited Acts mentioned, shall be afieffed on or levied off any House or Pren.isis which shall be valued for the Payment of Ministers* Money, at any less Rate or Value than the Sum of Five Pounds Annual Rent; any Thing in this Act or the fe\eral Acts herein-before recited, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding. '

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Part of any such Sum so presented shall be afieffed or levied off any House situateor within any City or Town Corporate ia Ireland, touching the Mode of levying cf Money by Presentment, wherein no Local Proviiioa is made by Law, in which House no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be lolj, and which shall be wholly or in Part set for Lodgings, and occupied by Lodgerf, cacti Lodger not subject to a Rent of Five Pounds yearly, or (if such House shall be partly inhabited by the Owner and partly by such Lodgers' the Part inhabited by the Owner not being worth Five Pounds yearly; any Thing in this Act, or the several Acts herein-before recited, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

46 Geo. III. 5 0 VI. 'And

*33

Where the JuWge is inn*hi<1 that

UiC Co; poratioil for the l*o any County, $cc, is propci ly managed, wheic* a House of Induiliy is ba lding, Gr.ind |ui it s may maKO t'uithrr i'rifent-ments >Summer Assizes for Pur-pwfis of recited Act\s.

Where a Lunatick Asylum is connected with a House of Indulhy, and ne Presentment is made under 27G.3.(I.)c. 3* Grand Ju»ies m«y present tool*

at Summer Assizes yearly.

Grar d Juries may pi of* nr 5l. ji

Spiing : and Summer Aflizr* so 1 Inspectoi of, G.iol and Dill 1 i* butor of Bit ad, in -iifdltion to Sums unrkr -G.j. c. 27.

No Sums under this, or recited Act, shall be levied on H ufcS i 1 Cities, A*c. rated m less than el. to Winifteis* Money,

nor on Hotifrs in which no Shop is kept, or Lio'iot*fold, See. under 5 I. per

Y; ir.

A.E). 1806.

*H C. 95^ 46° GEORGII III.

AH Infirn^i'Wf and HospiMls in Ireland shall, before 25th March annually, xnaltc Returns of their Fui; ds «'»d txpcndiiuir,

Kumberef Patients, &c. to €<»mmitfioncis pi Tmpr< ft Accounts.

Vl. And Whet*ftfr it ii fe*pedieilt to obtain Information of the State of the several County Infirmaries in

Ireland, and of the several other Infirmaries and Hospitals of Royal and Publick Foundation in Ireland\ and of the proper Application of the Funds entrusted to their Care respectively be it therefore enacted, That before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and so in every succeeding Year before the Twenty.fifth Day of March in each Year, the Treasurers of the several Infirmaries or Hospitals erected of eft 'bliHied under or by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland* in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland, and the respective Masters, Governors, Guardians, and Trnflees of the several Hospitals of Royal or Publick Foundation in Ireland, shall yearly and every Year make out and deliver, and transmit to the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts in Ireland, a Return, containing a Statement and Account of all the Funds entrusted to the Care of such Treasurers* Masters, Governors, Guardians, or Trustaes respectively, for the Benefit of the said Infirmaries or Hospitals respectively, and of the Application of the same for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of December preceding such Twenty-fifth Day of March, with the Balances of the Debts and Credits, and of the total Funds of the said Infirmaries and Hospitals on such Twenty-fifth Day of December: And the said Returns, Statements! and Accounts, shall include and set forth the Number and Names of all the Governors, Trusteesv or other Persons entrusted with the Government and Management of such Infirmaries or Hospitals respectively; and also the Particulars of all the Estate6 and Property, Real and Personal, vested in or entrusted to such Governors, Trustees, or other Persons respectively, for the Use of such Infirmaries or Hospitals respectively 5 and also the Amount and Particulars of the Annual Receipts, Rents, and Profits arising from such Estates or Property, of from any Subscription or other Means whatsoever, distinguishing what Parts of such Estates or Property are let on Lease or otherwise, and what Parts are held and employed by the Governors or any other Persons for the Purposes of such Hospitals or Infirmaries respectively, or for any other Purpose whatever; with the Dales and Duration of the several Leases, Demises, or Instruments under which such Estates, or any Part of them, are let to any Tenants, the Names of the several Tenants, the Rents and Fines paid and payable on such Leases or Demises, and all other Matters and Things whatever relating to the fame; and such Returns, Statements, and Accounts, shall also set forth the Number of Patients or other Persons received into and font out of, or any way relieved in or by fqch Infirmaries or Hospitals during such preceding Year, and the Number of Patients remaining therein at the Time of such Return, and the Number and Names of the Physicians, Surgeons, Officers, Servants, and other Persons employed in or about the Management of such Infirmaries and Hospitals respectively, with the Date of the Appointments of such Physicians, Surgeons, Officers, Servants, and other Persons respectively, and all such other Matters and Things relating to the Revenues and Expenditure of the said Infirmaries and Hospitals respectively, as shall from Time to Time be required by the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, for the full Disclosure of the State of such Infirmaries and Hospitals respectively; and all the said Returns, Statements, and Accounts, shall be signed by the Secretary, Treasurer, or Chief Officer for the Time being of such Infirmaries or Hospitals respectively, and shall be confirmed as just and true Statements, by the Signature of Five Governors or Trustees, or by the Corporation Seal respectively.

Lord Lieutenant, on Renrefenta-tion of the Corain iflioners of Imprest Account*, may order Inspector General of Prisons, Ice. to examine and fenort on State of Infirmaries and Hospitals.

Commissioners of Imprest Accounts may ^xcicife all such Powers in execution of t!)is At\, as ate vested in them by 23 & 24 C. 3. c. 2&1

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, upon any Representation to be made to him by the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, to give such Directions to the Inspector General of Prisons in Ireland, or such other Person as the Lord Lieutenant may deem moil eligible, to visit any such Infirmaries, or any Hospitals of Publick or Royal Foundation, and to examine into the State of the fame, and the Management of the Patients therein, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think requisite and necessary 5 and the said Inspector General, or such other Person so appointed, shall examine into the same accordingly, and shall from Time to Time make Reports thereon to tni Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in such Manner as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from Time to Time direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts shall have, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to use and exercise all such Powers for the obtaining of the Accounts, Statements, and Returns by this Act required Jo be made, relating to the several Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland, and in examining and (taring the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure, and of the Debts and Credits of all such Infirmaries and Hospitals from Time to Time respectively, as are given to or vested in the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts under and by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His oirfent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the due accounting for all Money granted for Publick Works, Charities, and Hospitals, therein mentioned; and for the ordering a regular Account in future of all Monies intruded to the Corporation for carrying on the Inland Navigation, the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, the Dublin Society, the Corporation for paving the Streets of Dublin, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, with respect to the Matters and Things required to be done by the said Commissioners of Imprest. Accounts under the said recited Act; and all and every Persons and Person shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties for any Disobedience to the Order of the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, in the Execution of this Act, as are inflicted or imposed by the said recited Act on Persons disobeying the Orders of the said Commissioners of Imprest Accounts under the said recited Act.

v^,

46° GEORGII III.

C. 96. 835

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to anjend the Laws respecting the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the making, repairing, widening, or fencing of Publick Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges,

Pipes, or Gullets.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of PubTtck Roads, for dire ding the Power of Grand Irish AA

Juries respecting Presentments, and for repealing federal Laws heretofore made for those Purposes, the Grand Jury of 36 G. 3. c. 55.

any County, County of a City, or JCounty of a Town in Ireland, is empowered at any Assizes held for the fame,

4 to present all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for any of the Purposes following; (that is to say 1, for the making, widening, fencing, or repairing any Road, or fiUing Trenches or Drains at the Side of any Road, or making or repairing Footways alongside thereof, or the building, rebuilding, repairing, altering, or

enlarging any Bridge, Pipe, Gullet, or Arch, or the filling and gravelling over the fame, or the building or repairing any Wall or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any deep Banks of

Earth from falling upon any Road, or for erecting any Fence, Rail, or Wall, for the Protection of Travellers from dangerous Precipices or Holes lying on the Sides of any Publick Road, or for the lowering of any Hill,

or filling any Hollow, oi^both, on any Publick Road (or for making, widening, and deepening Drains on the

Side of any Publick Road made through a Bog): And Whereas by the said recited Act no Money can be paid J 5, i*r 4 by the Treasurer of the County on account of any such Presentment, until an Affidavit, made and sworn in

the Form and Manner required respectively by the said Act, be first allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court at some Assizes for such County: And Whereas it frequently happens from the Witness or Lateness of the Season, or the early Appointment of the Summer Assizes, that the Money presented at the Spring, or any'

other Assizes preceding for the Purposes aforesaid, cannot be expended advantageously so as to be accounted for at such Summer Assizes; and it would tend much to an advantageous and economical Expenditure of all such Money, and to the Encouragement of proper Persons undertaking it, if all such Money were allowed to be accounted for and repaid to the Overseers thereof after the Summer Assizes, without waiting until the Spring Assizes following : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Oveneer appointed by the Grand Overseers of Jury of any County, County of a Town or City in Ireland, for expending Money to be raised for any of the Road* nor having Purposes aforesaid, who shall not have laid before the Grand Jury at the Summer Assizes for such County the Affidavits required by the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, for his accounting for such Money, Summer Assizes, to lay before the Justices of the Peace at such General Sessions of the Peace held for such County in the Month of may lay their October in every Year, as the Grand Jury at such Summer Assizes shall fix on, an Affidavit, made and sworn by Account* before himself in the Form and Manner prescribed by Law, for his accounting for such Money at the Assizes; and it shall and may be lawful for the Court at such General Sessions to allow such Affidavit, and such Allowance shall be liiow^he # certified by the Signature of not less than Two Justices present at such Sessions, and countersigned by the Clerk same as if ac-of the Peace on the Back or at the Foot of such Affidavit; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the counted for at Treasurer of such County, and he is hereby required, to pay the Money so accounted for, in like Manner as if Assize*. the Affidavit accounting for the fame had been Jill owed by the Grand Jury and the Court at an Assize under the said recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding, subject neverthelef* to the Conditions, Provisions, ana Restrictions in this Act contained respecting the same.

II. Provided aVays, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall have been Account of charged with, and shall have paid any Part of the Cess levied for the Purpose of paying such Presentment, to 9vcrfocr, make Affidavit at such Sessions in open Court, that he believes the Money so sworn to have been expended, has Je refemd"* not been expended as sworn, or that he believes the Affidavit made by such Overseer is not true, dating the Affue*!* Particulars wherein he believes the same not to be true; and thereupon such Person shall enter into Recognizance

in Double the Amount of the Sum so sworn to have been expended (which Recognizance the Justices in such Court are hereby empowered to take) conditioned for his Appearance at the next Assizes, to be there examined by the Grand Jury, touching the fame, and to prosecute, if called upon so to do; and in case such Recognizance shall be so entered into, it shall not be lawful for the Court at such Sessions to allow such Affidavit of Account by such Overseer, noi* for the Treasurer of the County to pay to tt#/Overseer making the same any Money by virtue of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of such County shall attend such General Sessions of the Treaforrr shall Peace held therein in October in each Year, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, and shall lay atrcnd O&okcr before the Court a true and faithful Return of all Queries on Presentments which have not been duly accounted f ^7"*no"* ri for and dischargedat the preceding Assizes; and that the Clerk of the Peace shall enter in such Copy upon each on PrcLirnKni* Query, the Affidavit for accounting for which shall have been allowed by the Court in pursuance of this Act, unaccounted fur the Word Discharged, " and where such Affidavit shall not be so allowed, the Words Disallowed, " or at p^eding

Respited on Recognizance, " as the Case may be, and shall make Oath at the Foot thereof that the Entries so A made by him are true, and shall return such Copy, with such Entries, and the Affidavits so allowed by the Court, dcf: ve?to to the said Treasurer, within Four Days after the End of such October Sessions in each Year, togethq^ with the y^f^V/cozici Names of the Justices present at said Court, attested by himself, and the said Treasurer shall be allowed Credit of Affidavits, in his Account, as Treasurer, for the Amount of all Sums of Money paid by him in respect of all such Queries, See. allowed at whereon the' Word Discharged " shall be so entered, and the said Queries shall be discharged by the Court at the Sessions, and an .Assizes if it shall appear to laid Court that the Discharge so allowed at the Sessions has been duly made; and Jav^Crcdk^ ihe Clerk of the Crown at any such Assizes shall not carry forward any Query so discharged and paid. accordingly.

5 O 2 IV. And

S3& C. 96, 97.

4.6° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Auid; n its (It.ill > be p i (Vr\ed am ing Crnniy Records, l'en.rty of Per-juiv ui) f.t'f: A)fubtvi; s or Affu motions.

Op Proof tV.rtt Money was not expend d agice-ably to Prelcnl-niet.r, O.cricer ity be (usd.

Tre*fur<?r 0|all pay Preferments »lluwcd, a3under recited Act.

Proviso for Dublin County. Recited Act and this Act shall be construed together. Presentment at Spring Alliics for Allowance* to Treasurers and CLerki ot Peace.

AH R 'unties arid l>urics pay blc on Interchange of Coin, See. between Great Britain and Ireland, fhdl ecafe, and Corn, See. miy be imported and exported l»e-iwten them, whatever the Price may be.

Exporters shall declare before OFcer of 1 he Customxthat such Corn, &c. it intended to be expound between the Cou >tries, and shall receive Coast Cocket*. No Fees shall be taken by any Officer of Cuf-

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Affidavits made under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act shall be preserved among the Records of the County, and deposited along with the accounting Affidavits made and allowed at the Affixes

V. And be it further enacted, Thai the solemn Affirmation of a Quaker shall be of equal Force and Effeft, to all Intents and Purposes, as an Affidavit under the Provisions of this Act; and that if any Person shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm falsely in any Oath, Affidavit, or Affirmation made or taken by him by the Authority or under the Provisions of this Act, every such Person being thereof*convicted shall be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and incur the Pains and Penalties against the same by virtue of any Act or Actsin force in Ireland.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to any Grand Jury at any Assizea* upon due Proof upon Oath by Two credible Persons within Two Years after any Query shall have been discharged at any Odder Sessions for such County in pursuance of this Act, that the Money was not expended agreeable to the Presentment, and if the Overseer thereof shall be indicted and convicted of Perjury on account of having sworn or affirmed falsely in the Affidavit accounting for the fame, it shall*e lawful for such Grand Jury to direct the Treasurer to sue such Overseer, and such Treasurer is hereby authorized to sue him by Action or Civil BU.for the Recovery of the Money which he shall have so fraudulently received on account of such Presentment.

VII. And Le it further enacted, That if any Treasurer shall neglect or refuse to pay the Amount of any Presentment accounted for under the Provisions of this Act without Fee or Reward, if he shall have Publick Money to pay the same, upon Demand made by the Person who shall have accounted for the fame, at his usual Office, which he is hereby required to keep open from the Hours of Nine of the Clock ir the Morning until M hree in the Afternoon, from the Sixth until the Seventeenth Day (inclusive) after the Sessions held in 03ober9 cr if such Treasurer shall neglect to keep such Office open as aforesaid, he shall be subject to the like Penalties or Punidunent as if he had neglected or refused to pay the Amount of any Presentment duly accounted for at any Assizes under the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth \ear aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the County of Dublin, nor to any Presentment made within the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty-sixth Year aforesaid, except so far as the same are expressly altered by this Act, shall be applied in the Execution of this Act; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury, at each Spring Assizes, to present to be raised off the County at large, and paid to the Treasurer thereof, any Sum not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound for all iMoney accounted for at the preceding flfidar Sessions under the Provisions of this Act, as they shall deem proper for his Trouble in its Execution, and also One Shilling in the Pound for all Money accounted at every October Sessions for the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble, over and above such Sums as the said Treasurer and Clerk of the Peace respectively may be otherwise entitled to by Law: Provided always, that the Allowance to the Clerk of the Peace does not exceed in the Whole Twenty Pounds.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain, between Great Britain and

Ireland.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the free Importation and Exportation of all Com and Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, reciprocally to and from Great Britain and Ireland, should be allowed, and that all ' Restraints, Duties, and Bounties relating thereto should cease; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Bounties and Duties payable on the Exportation and Importation of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, or Biscuit respectively from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person to carry and export out of and from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any Port or Place in Ireland, and out of and from any Port or Place in Ireland to any Port or Place in Great Britain, and to import into any Port or Place in Great Britain from any Port or Place in Ireland, and into any Port or Place in Ireland from any Port or Place in Great Britain, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever on that Importation, in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, any Sort of Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, whatever the average Price of Corn or Grain may be in either Country at the Time of such Exportation or Importation, any Thing m any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person exporting Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, irom Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, shall declare before the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port from whence the Exportation is about to take place, that such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, is really and truly intended to be exported to Great Britain or Ireland, as the Case may be; and such Exporter shall thereupon receive a like Cocket, Certificate, Letpafs, or Transire, as is given, and comformable to all the like Regulations in force, in case of Goods sent Coastways from one Port of Great Britain to another Port therein, or from one Port in Ireland to another Port in Ireland, respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, shall be required, taken, or receive*! by any Officer of the Customs, or any Clerk or other Person employed by him, for or on account of fuclYImportation or Exportation, or for any Thing done or to be done by him for or on Account

46° GEORGII III.

C. 97, 98. 837

thereof, or in any way relating thereto; and if any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person shall require, take, or tom* on such receive, either dire6Uy or indirectly, any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, on account of such Importation Exportation, or Exportation, or for any Thing done or to be done by him relating thereto, every such Officer, Clerk, or penalty. Far-other Person so offending, shall, on Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs in England feinne of Office, or Scotland, or the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland respectively, as the Case may be, be peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be incapable of ever again holding, executing, or acting in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or of any Revenue belonging to His Majesty, in any Part of the United Kingdom.

IV. And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to permit the Exportation for Two Tears, of a certain Quantity of Corn, Gran, Meal, Flour, Breid, 43 G. 3. c. 105.

Biscuit, or Pulse, to the //lands q/'Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England, as well as the

Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions, it was provided that Nine thousand eight hundred Quarters of

Grain, Meal, or Bread might be e 'ported during the Period of Two Years after the passing of the said Act, from

any Port \nr England, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, as well as from the Port of Southampton,

which Act was made perpetual by another Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of Hisrsaid Majesty; in which 45G3. c. 68. §4.

recited Acts the Articles allowed to be exported were confined to Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley,

or Bread, Biscuit, or Pease, which said Quantity it was intended might be exported annually: And Whereas it A ccr.fJ, J" Qua"-

is expedient that Malt and Oatmeal Should be included therein be it enacted, That from and after the passing oatmeal as well of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Whole or any Part of such Quantity of Nine thousand eight as Wheat, &c. hundred Quarters of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Fleur, Rye, Barley, Malt, or Bread, Biscuit, Beans, Pease, and may be expottei Oats, or Oatmeal, to be exported annually from the Fort of Southampton, or from any other Port or Ports anally to

in England or Ireland, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, under the Provisions of*he said ACE Gucin^y»

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any Act or Acts now in force in any Part of the United Kingdom shall extend to prohibit at any Time the Exportation or carrying out of Ireland so much Corti, XTtMidcf Supply Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, as shall be necessary to be carried out in any Ship or other Vessel Corn, &c. (of from any Port in Ireland, on its Voyage out and home, for the Sustenance, Diet, and Support of the Com- Sh p$ Store*, or mander, Master, Mariners, Passengers, or others, or for the Use and Sustenance of the Cattle, LiveStock, br (or pavilioning other Animals aboard such Ship or Vessel; or for victualling or providing any of His Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons; or to prohibit at any Time the Exportation or Beans from thence to the British Forts, Castles, - or forVhc British* Factories in Africa, or for the Use of British Ships trading upon that Coast, which have been usually supplied Forts in Africa,

with the same from Great Britain; or to prohibit the like Quantities of the several Sorts of Chrn and other an<* fi>» Quanti-Ajrticles as are mentioned in the Table marked (C.) contained inten Ad made in Great Britain in the Thirty-first tie* of CorP.9 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Xal"c°(C) of and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Com exported; and also in an Brinfh Actts Ad made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to amend the said Act, to be exported from 31G.3.C $o.§io. Ireland to the Places in the said Table and in the said last recited Act mentioned respectively; so as the whole 33 G- 3-c- 65, / Quantities to be exported from Ireland to such Places, within Twelve Calendar Months from every Fifteenth Day of February, do not exceed the Quantities respectively limited therein.

VI. Provided always, That if at the Time of any such Exportation, the Price of such Com, Grain, Malt, p, 5cc of Meal, or Flour, ascertained according to Law, shall be above the Price at which the Export thereof is allowed.

except as aforesaid, the Exporter thereof to any of the Places mentioned in the said Table (C.) or the last recited p^ce^VwliiVh Ad, or for His Majesty's Forces, Forts, or Garrisons, pr for the Use of British Ships trading on the Coast of tut- bxporr is-Africa, or Beans for the British Forts, Castles, or Fadories in Africa, shall before the shipping thereof declare allowed, 'the the Island or Place for which the said Articles are respectively intended to be exported; and lie, together with xP(, J, cr any the Master, or Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, shall become bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Bond with One other sufficient Security to be approved of by the Chief Officer of Customs q &c# q1; , u at the Port, in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the Articles lb exported shall be landed at the d«clmcthe place respective Islands or Places for which the same shall befo declared and entered foi Exportation, and shall not'be , or «'h'cb u»c landed elsewhere, the Danger of the Seas only excepted; and such Bond shall be vacated and discharged upon ar* producing such Certificate as is required in case of the Exportation of any such Articles on Bounty, or on i rbofxl, oru9f* made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, that such Articles were taken by Enemies or perished on the Seas: Provided always, that in case such Articles shall be so exported'for the Use of His Majesty's Forts or Garrisons, there shall be a Certificate from the Commissary of the Lift'*?, or,

Person receiving the lame for the Use of His Majesty, testifying the Quantity so received.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for making additional and further Provisions for the effectual Perfo.rnijtfce of Quarantine in Great Britain. r fc. {16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled,

1. An Act for making further Provision for the elseftucd Performance of Quarantine, certain Signals are ^G.3 c

directed to be used on board of Ships or Vessels having Clean Bills of Health, and certainther Signals oil

board of Ships or Vessels not having Clean Bills of Health, and it will be more conducive to the publick Safety

that a Third Signal should be used on board of Ships or Vessels having the Plague or other infectious Disease

or Distemper highly dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects actually on board be it therefore

euhfied

838 G.<>3.

46° GEORGII III.

A*I}»*806.

the PUgue, 6cCm actually on boaid.

-eoa&ed, by the King's flu>ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Signal to Wofed an<^ Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, by Shrps havirf from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and six, every Commander, Matter, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, on board whereof the Plague or other infectious Disease or Disteigper highly dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects, shall actually be, Avail be, and is hereby required at all Times when such Ship or Vessel shall meet with any other Ship or Vessel at Sea, or shall be within Four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoist aSigr alto denote that his Ship or Vessel has the Plague, or other infectious Disease or Distemper highly dangerous to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects actually on board thereof, which Signal shall be in the Day Time a Flag of Yellow and Black, borne quarterly of Fight Breadths of Bunting at the Main Top-matt Head, and in the Night Time the Signal shall be Two large Signal Lanthorns (such as are commonly used on board of His Majesty's Ships of War) One over the other at the same Matt Head; and such Commander, Matter, or otherkPerfoH, shall keep such Signal hrifted during such Time as the said Ship or Vessel so having the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, on board thereof, shall continue within Sight of such other Ship or Vessel, or within Four Leagues of the said Coatts or Islands; and while so in Sight, or within such Distance until such Ship or Vessel so having the Plague, or such other infectious Disease or Distemper as aforesaid, on board thereof, shall have arrived at the Port or Place where it is to perform Quarantine, and until it shall have been legally discharged from the Performance thereof; on failure whereof such Commander, Matter, or other Person, having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II. ' And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that every Commander, Matter, or other Person,

having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel coming from foreign Parts, shall give to the Pilot who shall go on board £ such Ship or Vessel, a written Paper containing a true Account of the Names of the Place and Country at which such Ship or Vessel shall have loaded; and also of all the Places at which any such Ship or Vessel shall have touched

on the homeward Voyage 5 And Whereas Ships and Vessels are or may be, by the Order of His Majesty, His Heirs

or Successors, in Council, made liable to Quarantine by reason of their having on board thereof certain Sorts of

Goods and Merchandize more especially liable to retain Infection; and it is expedient that the Pilot .going on 1 board of such Ships and Vessels should also be informed of the Cargo thereof be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October every Commander, Matter, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, which shall not be liable to Quarantine in respect of the Place from whence such Ship or-Vessel comes, ttisttl give to the Pilot who shall go on board of such Ship or Vessel, a written Paper containing a true Account of the different Articles compouag the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for any Neglect or Reiufal to give such Paper, or for any false Representation or wilful Omission therein; and if by any Proclamation or Order of His Majesty in Council then in force, Ships and Vessels having on board any of the Articles mentioned in such Paper, mail be liable to the Performance of Quarantine, ffuch Pilot shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Commander or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any Neglect therein; and such Commander or other Person shall thereupon hoist a proper Signal according to the Provisions

Penalty ool. ice. fajfl recited Act, and under the respective Penalties in the said recited Act, or in this Act contained for

Commander any Neglect or Refusal in respect of hoisting such Signals; and in case any Pilot -shall bring, or cause to*be shall hoist Signals brought orcondudied, any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, into any Place which is not.

In addition to Particu^i* irquired by 45 G. ?. -. 10. §16. Matter shall deliver Account of .C^go to Pilot. Penalty of 2001

Pilot shall give Notice to the Matter if any Articlca be on board liable to Quarantine.

Accordingly.

Penalty on Pilot r Matter for not bringing to on Request of Quarantine Officer 100L

£*» 45 6. 3. c. 10. §8.]

Ships liable to Quarantine solely by involuntary Communication, exempt from Duty, under 45 G* 3, c. 10.

or shall not be, specially appointed Lfor the Reception of Ships and Vessels so liable, after receiving such Paper as aforesaid, whereby it shall have been made appear that such Ship or Vessel was liable to the Performance of Quarantine, or without requiring and receiving such Paper as aforesaid, unless compelled thereto by Stress of Weather, adverse Winds, or Accidents of the Seas, such Pilots shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III. And Whereas, by the said recited Act, Provision is made for ascertaining whether Ships and Vessels be liable to Quarantine by means of interrogatinglhe Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of such ShipB or Vessels, for which Purpose it is necessary that Ships or Vessels should be brought to at the Requisition of the Officer of Quarantine, which salutary Provision has in feme instances been and may again be eluded by the Pilot on board, or by the Commanaer, Master, or other Person, having the Charge of such Shipsor Vessels; Be it therefore enacted, That if any Pilot being on board, or any Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel coming from Foreign Parts, whether such Ship or Vessel shall be liable to Quarantine or not, shall be required by any Officer authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four of them, to act in the Service of Quarantine, to bring to such Ship or Vessel, to the End that the Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge thereof may be interrogated according tojthe rrovision of the said recited Act, and shall neglect or refuse to bring to such Ship or Vessel as soon as it can be done with Safety, in obedienee to such Requisition, every such Pilot, Commander, Master, or other Person, having the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IV. And Whereas, by the said recited Act, certain Duties are imposed on Ships and Vessels which have

performed Quarantine 5 and by the same Act a Ship or Vessel may be rendered liable to the Performance of

Quarantine by receiving any Person or Persons from or out of any other Ship or Vessel coming from or having

touched at an infected Place, under which Provision a Ship or Vessel not being originally liable to perform ' Quarantine may be rendered so liable by Force and against the Will of the Matter and Crew; audit is reasonab'e 4 that such Ship or Vessel should be relieved from the Payment of the said Duties; Be it therefore enacted, That no Ship or Vessel which shall be rendered liable to perform Quarantine solely by reason of having received on board

9 thereof

46° GEORGII III.

c.

*39

thereof, by Force or against the Will of the Master and Crew, any Person or Persons, shall be liable to or charged with any Duty under the said recited Act, provided that it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs that such Person or Persons was or were received on board against the Will of the Master and Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

V. And Whereas the Mode prescribed by the said recited Act for certifying that all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles liable to Quarantine, have been duly opened and aired, conformably to the Provisions in the fame, have been found inconvenient* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Certificates and Proof of opening and airing such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, shall be, and is hereby repealed; and that after such Orders for the opening and airing of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles, shall have been duly complied with, Proof thereof shall be made by the Oaths of the Master of the Lazaret or Vessel in which the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles, shall have been opened and aired, and of One of the Guardians, or if there be no Guardian^ then of One of the Officers authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four of them, to act in the Service of Quarantine in such Lazaret or Vessel, or if there be no such Officer, then by the Oaths of Two or more credible Witnesses serving in the said Lazaret or Vessel, before the Superintendant of Quarantine, or hi* Assistant, m case such opening and airing shall be had at a Port or Place where such Superintendant or Assistant shall be established, or otherwise before the principal Officer authorized by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any Four of them, to act in the Service of Quarantine at such Port or Place; which Oath such Superintendant, Assistant, or principal Officer is hereby authorized to administer; and such Superintendant, Assistant, or principal Officer, as the Case may be, shall make Certificate of such Proof having been made; and upon the Production of such Certificate to the proper Officer of the Customs, authorized by the said Commissioners or any Four of them, such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and other Articles, shall be liable to no further Restraint or Detention either at the Port, or Place where such Quarantine shall have been performed, or at any OtheT Place where to they may be afterwards conveyed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by His or their Order in Council, or for the Lards and others of His or their Privy Council, or any Three or more of them, by their Order from Time to Time, as often as they may fee Reai'on to apprehend that the Yellow Fever, or other highly infectious Distemper prevails on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, to require that every Ship and Vessel coming from or having touched at any Port or Place on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, shall come to an Anchor at certain Places to be appointed from Time to Time by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland, (who are hereby respectively authorized to make such Appointment) for the Purpose of having the State of Health of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel ascertained before such Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to enter the Port where to {he may be boui)d, or any other Port of Great Britain; but that such Ship or Vessel shall not be deemed liable to Quarantine, unless it shall be afterwards specially ordered under that Restraint.

VII. And Whereas, it may be necessary for the publick Security to prevent all Communication whatever with Ships or Vessels performing Quarantine without clean Bills of Health; and the Danger of such Communication is greatly increased by Persons not being prevented from going within the Stations allotted for the Performhhce of Quarantine by such Ships or Vessels Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs pr Successors, by His or their Order or Orders in Council, notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Ga % ctte> to prohibit all Persons, Ships, Boats, and Vessels whatsoever, from going under any Pretence whatsoever, within the Limits of any Station, which, by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by any such Order or Orders in Council, has been, or may be assigned for the Performance of Quarantine by any Ships or Vessels without clean Bills of Health; and that if any Person whatsoever after such Notification or Publication of any such Order or Orders in Council, shall presume under any Pretence whatsoever, to go with any Ship, Boat, or Vessel within the Limits of any such Station, he or she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, interline, erase, or alter, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased, or altered, any Certificate directed or required to be granted by any Order of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors in Council now in force, or hereafter to be made touching Quarantine, and the Prevention of Infection, or shall publish as true any such forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased, or altered Certificate, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, interlined, erased, or altered, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter and publish any such Certificate, with Intent to obtain the Effect of a true Certificate to be given thereto, knowing the Contents of such Certificate to be false, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Consuls and Vice Consuls of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall, and are hereby empowered to administer Oaths in all Cases respecting Quarantine, in like Manner as if they were Magistrates of the several; owns or Places where they respectively reside.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases wherein by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, or any other now in force or hereafter to be made touching Quarantine, any E ami nations or Answers shall betaken or made upon Oath, the Person who shall be authorized and required to take such Examinations and Answers, shall, and {had be deemed to have full Power and Authority to administer such Oaths; and if any Person who shall be so interrogated or examined shall wilfully swear faffely to any Matter, concerning which such Person shall idepose or make Oath on such Examination or in such Answe er, or if any Person shall procure any other Person so to do, he or she so swearing falsely or procuring any other Person so to do, shall be deemed to have been

guilty

Proof and

Ccit.ficate of Goods hiving Ken opened and aired; [instead of 1 he Proof and Certificate required by 45 G. 3. c. 10.

59-1

Privy Conner! may order Ships coining from America or the West Indies when the Yellow Fever, &t. prevails there, to go toceitain PUecs without being liable to Quarantine.

Iatcrcourse within Limits of Stations allotted for Quarantine of Ships without cU >0 Bills of Health, may be prohibited by Order in Council.

Penalty 500J.

Penalty on forging or uttering false Certificates required by Order iu Cjui'cil, lfclony without Clergy.

Confuli, See. may adruiniiler Oaths.

Persons authorized to take Examination's may administer Oaths; Penalty jf Perjury, Sec. on t aise Oat os* Sec.

840, C-99> l0°*

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

ft Hi"'v on Oil of Vtri'lcxp rlcrl, 6d per ioolb.

If any Fraud

shall i'C

difo.vi red, the Vitriol shall be forfeited.

Pro* f M, at the Vitriol was nr*de in Great Btir.rin, (h til lie on the Ex potter.

Oath of M.*nu favorer not being the Etpoitcr, for Debenture.

Oath of Exporter.

Oath of Manuf «£urer exporting.

Oath of Exporter before Payment of Duwb »ck.

Recovery and Application of Penalties

3 G. 3.C. 16.

guilty of, and shall be liable to be prosecuted for wilful and corrupt Perjury or Sdbo 'nation of wilful and corrupt Perjury, as the Case may be, and shall fuii'er the Pains, Penalties, and Punishments of the Law, in such Case respectively made and provided.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain.

[16th July j 8o5.j'

4 \7l/^EREAS it is expedient, in order to promote and encourage the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol 4 y manufactured in Great Britain, that an Allowance of Bounty should be granted to the Exporters in

Proportion to the Duties paid upon the Importation of the Brimstone used and consumed in the preparing and making such < il : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Firil Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, there shall be paid or allowed for and upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of Oil of Vitriol made and prepared in Great Britain, and which shall be really and bond side regularly entered and exported from thence to Foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, the Sum of Five Shillings and Sixpence; which Allowance or Bounty shall be paid to the Person or Persons so exporting the same by the Collector of the Customs of the Tort from whence the same shall be exported, on a Debenture to be made by the Collector according to the Entry of the Goods akd the Shipping thereof, certified by the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation.

II. And be it further enacted, That if upon View and Examination the Searchers shall find any such Oil of Vitriol to be less in Quantity than expressed in the Exporter's Indorsement upon his Entry, or entered under a wrong Denomination, whereby His Majesty would have been defrauded, all such Oil of Vitriol shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise concerning the said Oil of Vitriol, that is to say, whether the same was prepared or made in Great Britain, or is entitled to the Bounty or Allowance granted by this Act, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Exporter or Claimer of such Goods, and not upon the-Officer or Officers .who shall seize or Hop the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Bounty shall be paid for any such Oil of Vitriol, or any Debenture made out for the fame, the Manufacturer or Manufacturers, not being the Exporter or Exporters thereof, shall make Oath before the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, either of the Port of Exportation, or of any other Port in Great Britain, (which Oath the said Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs is hereby empowered to administer}9 that he or they fold such Oil of Vitriol, expressing the Quantity and the Time when, to the Person or Persons exporting the fame, and that such Oil of Vitriol was really and truly made and prepared in Great Britain, and that the several Duties payable upon the Brimstone used and consumed in the making and preparing the Ibid.Oil of Vitriol were to the belt of his or their Knowledge and Belief, duly paid at the Time of the Importation of such Brimstone; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Oil of Vitriol mail then make Oath that such Oil of Vitriol, being the Oil of Vitriol for which Bounty is then claimed, is the id^ptical Oil of Vitriol or Part thereof which was sold to him or them as a^orefvd: And whenever the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of such Oil of Vitriol shall be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or they shall then make Oath to the several Particulars herein-before directed to be sworn by him or them (excepting what relates to the Sale of the said Oil of Vitriol Recording to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, '1 hat before the Money due upon any such Debenture shall be paid, the Exporter or Exporters shall also make Oath that the said Oil of Vitriol has been duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not re-landed or intended to be relanded in Great Britain or the Islands of Farro or Ferro.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill of Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, wherein no EiToign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: and One Moiety of the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of His Majesty, and the other to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as fhaff sue or prosecute for the same.

CAP. C.

An Act to empower the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at

Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to make certain Allowances to old, infirm, or wounded or

disabled Officers in the Koval Navy, and to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Allowances,

and for the Increase of Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines. [\6\hjuly 1806.]

WHEREAS an A d was passed in the Third Yaar of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An act*13 4* to empower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defray. z 4 the necessary Expenres thereof, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepid in the Service of tr r 4 Country, who shall not be pro idedfor within the said Hospital, and to enable them to receive such Pensions, asj' - 7 4 be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors, in the most cafy and convenient Manner, and for prevent. g*Frauds and Abuses attending the fame: And Whereas it is expedient that- the Commissioners and Governors of

the

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 100. 841

the said Royal Hospital should be empowered to grant certain Allowances to old, infirm, or wounded or

disabled Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy, and that Funds should be provided for enabling the said Commissioners and Governors to defray the additional Charge which will be occasioned by

such Extension of the Provisions of the said Act, and also for the Purpose of enabling the said Commissioners and Governors to increase the Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines not provided for within the said Hospital* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for

Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent, and they are hereby empowered, after defraying the necessary Hospital rm-Expences of the said Hospital, as well by and out of the Estates, Rents, Revenues, or other Monies belonging pou.f, c(j to gl4nl to the said Hospital, as out of the Funds herein after provided for that Purpose, to grant Allowances to such Allow*..co to Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy as are old, infirm, or wounded or disabled, and , or who shall not be provided for in the said Hospital; and such Allowances shall be in Addition to any Half Pay receivable by such Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants, and shall and may be received by them respectively, Vpi' il, r

together with and in addition to such Half Pay, any Thing in any Act or Law contained to the contrary not- iu addiri*n to* withstanding s Provided always, that no Allowance to be made to any Captain, Commander, or Lieutenant, tir Half pay. pursuant to the Directions of this Act shall in any Case exceed a Sum which, when added to the Half Pay of Limitation ef such Officer, shall amount to Three Fourths of the Salary paid to such Officers of similar Rank, resident within Allowance, and upon the Establishment of the said Royal Hospital.

II. ' And for the providing an additional Fund, and thereby enabling the said Commissioners and Governors P"* A?cn*s

' tofccarry into Execution the rurpofesof this Act, ' be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this c?»in

Act, all and every Prize Agent and Prize Agents, appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of an Act, passed a*.d*

in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and mere Greenwich effectually manning His Majejlfs Navy during the present War, or of any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed, Hospital shall, from and out of the net Proceeds of all Prizes which, after the passing of this Act, shall be taken during i3, -4c!- P«r the present War by any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, retain for the Use of the said Royal p^oed* of*

Hospital, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Distribution of the Proceeds of every such Prize for which

he or they shall have been or shall be appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid shall have been notified in the Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, or any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed, pay over to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, or to any Person to be appointed by such Treasurer by Writing under his Hand and Seal to receive the same for the Use of the said Royal Hospital, the Sum of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per Centum on the net Proceeds of every such Prize, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Proclamation to the contrary notwithstanding; and such Payment, and the Receipt of the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Agent or Agents for the same in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share of any such Proceeds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver of the Droits of Admiralty for the Time being shall and a 1-kcper

he is hereby authorized and required as soon after the net Proceeds arising from any such Droits shall from Contage shall be Time to Time have been ascertained after the passing of this Act, and after the Expiration of the Period within rctjincrt on which any Appeal can be lodged against any Adjudication in relation to such Droits, as the same can be done, lh°

deliver in an Account thereof and pay over to the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such other Person or Persons Admiralty, as the Treasurer shall by any Writing under his Hand and Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per Centum upon the Amount of such net Proceeds, for the Use of the said Hospital.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all and every Agent and Agents A like p«r

for Bounty Money shall, in like Manner, from and out of the net Proceeds of all Bounty Bills which shall be Centre shall be

made out pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or

of any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel which, from and after the Bounty1 Money.

passing of this Act, shall be taken during the present War, and which mail have been received by any such Agent or Agents, retain for the Use of the said Royal Hospital, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Receipt of the same respectively, pay over to the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as

aforesaid, for the Use of the said Royal Hospital, the Sum of One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence per

Centum upon the Amount of the net Proceeds of every such Bounty Bi'l, any Thing in any Act or Acts, or

Proclamation or Proclamations, to the contrary notwithstanding; and evenr such Payment, and the Receipt of the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge

to such Agent or Agents for the same in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share in any such

Proceeds.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy, who Ofikirs shall be allowed any Pensions under this Act, shall be deemed, construed, and taken to be Out-Pensioners of receiving Curb Greenwich JHospital, within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Third Year aforesaid; and all the

Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains, as well of Death as otherwise, and all Penalties, pensionc's as'U^ Forfeitures, Mattel's, and Things contained in the said recited Act of the Third Year aforesaid, so far as the same uncici 3 G. 3/ are applicable, shall be applied and put in force for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying-the same into c. 16. Execution, and as to all Captains, Commanders, and Lieutenants of His Majesty's Navy, and all Matters and Things relating to all Pensions receivable by them, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same were herein severally and separately re enacted and made Part of this Act, and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as one Act.

46 Geo. III.; 5 P, CAP.

842

4-6° GEORGII

III

A.D. 1806.

C. 101.

43 G. 3«- 119.

Prize Agent*

(umirr 45 G. 3. 1. 72)shall rcn.m an*! pay to G 'crnwich Chefl, 3l. 6*.8d. per Cciitum out of the Net Proceed* of Prize*.

A like per Cent: ge fh11 be reiai* tel out of the Droits of Aduuuhy.

A like per Cent-ug' tha.) be'str.nneii 00 the Am >imt of B.u-«ty Monty.

Appointment* an<; Arc unr* fh.iil he laid an tunliy before In iument. Dnc^for* may aiu 1 Form of B I v, u hich shall he fi. n ri by Account ant*.

[ S*< 43 G. 3.

119*n ]

G itfi P1 uHooerf jj*i 1-0: he also Gr-p| 4|/iollC $ Ilofpiui.

CAP. Cl.

An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Greenwich, and amending an Act passed in the

Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Chest.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

an Act for improving ihe Fun s of the Chef at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital9 and for ameliorating toe Condition of the Pen fours on thtjnd Funds; And Whereas it is expedient that further Provision fuould be made for improving the Funds of the said Chest, and for the more cftcdlually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and for enabling the Supervisors of the said Chest to make farther Provision for, and to extend and increase Allowances to, Perlor.s mairied or hurt,

or otherwise disabled in the Service of their Country Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Prize Agent and Prize Agents appointed or to be appointed inpurfuar.ee of an Act passed in the la It Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen f an I for the letter and more tffcdually manning His Majesty's Na'y during the present /Far, or in pursuance of any other Prize Act hereafter to be pafiTed, shall, from and out of the Net Proceeds of all Prizes which, after the passing of this Act, shall be taken chirii g the present War, by any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty's Pay, retain for the Use of the said Chest at Greenwich, end shall, within Ten Days next after the Distribution of the Proceeds of every such prize for which be or they in nil have been or shall he appointed Agent or Agents as aforesaid shall have been notified in the Manner directed by the said last mentioned Act, or any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed, pay over to the Accountant of the said Chest, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Supervisors shall from Time to U % ne, by Writing under their Common Seal, authorize and appoint to receive the same, for the Use of the said Chest, the Sum or Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Centum on the Net Proceeds of every such Prize, any Thing it: any Act or Acts, Proclamation or Proclamations to the contrary notwithstanding; and the

ment of such Money, and the Receipt of such Accountant, or such other Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the same to such Agent or Agents, in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share of any such Proceeds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver of the Droits of Admiralty for the Time being shall, and be is hereby authorized and required as soon after the Net Proceeds a: iling from any such Droits shall from Time to Time have been ascertained after the passing of this A cl, and after the Expiration of the Period within which any Appeal can be lodged against any Adjudication in relation to such Droits as the same can be done, deliver in an Account thereof and pay over to the said Accountant or to such other Person or Persons as the said Supervisors shall by their Common Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Centum upon the Amount of such Nr t i roceeds for the Use of the said Chest.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Agent and Ager.ti for Bounty Money shall in like Manner, from and out of the Net Proceeds of all Bounty Bibs which shall be made but pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or cf any other Prize Act hereafter to be passed, in respect of any Ship or Vessel which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be taken during the present War, and which dia l have been received by any such Agent or Agents, retain, for the Use of the said Chest, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Receipt of the same respectively, pay over to the said Accountant, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Supervisors shall by their Common Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, for the Use of the said Chest, the Sum of Three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence per Centum upon the Amount of the Net Proceeds of every such Bounty' Bill, any Tiling in any Act or Acts, or Proclamation or Proclamations to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Payment, and the Receipt of the said Accountant, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a good Discharge to such Agent or Agents for the fame, in his or their Accounts with all IVrfons uititled to any Share in such Bounty7 Bill.

' On Sale of Lands, See. under 45 G. 3. c. 119. Receipt of Accountant shall be a good Discharge to a 4 Purchaser. $ 4. — Future Vacancies of Directors shall be filled up by Supervisors. $ 5.' — Supervisors may 4< appoint Clerks, &c. with proper Salaries. $ 6.

Vi I. And be it further enacted, That a Statement of all Appointments which shall be made by the fai<l Supervisors, pursuant to the Powers vested in them by this Act, and also an Account of the Funds, Receipt, and Expenditure of the said Chest, shall be annually laid before both House- of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Chest, or the major Part of them, to order and direct that the Bills for the Payment of Pensions out of the said Chest shall be made out in such Form as to such Directors may from Time to Time appear to be most convenient and proper, and all such Bills shall be signed by the Accountant of the said Chest, or in his Absence, from Sickness or otherwise, by his Chief Clerk, and not by the said Directors, as in the said Act mentioned; and such Bills shall be attested or countersigned by the Clerk making Entry of the said Bills; any Tiling in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General of Land Tax, Collector of Customs or Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, examining any Duplicate or Certificate gilder the said Act, shall al£b inquire, on the Oath of the Party, whether the Chelt-Pensioner delivering the same is likewise an Out-Pensioner of the Roy al Hospital for Seair.cn at Greenwich, and to satisfy him felt that stich Chest-Pensioner is not also an Out Pensioner of the said Royal Hospital, before he shall pay any Bill under the said Act and this Act.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 102.

S+3

Cap. cn.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distilling or rectifying Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland\ on Worts or Wash made for extracting- Spirits; and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland') and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Malt.

[16th July 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Mijvfly, intituled.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty thir;

/jfn Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lint thereof certain Duties of Excite are payable for or in respect of Stills used in Scotland for diddling Low Wine:

Spirits for the Consumpti other Duties for or in

iption ot Scotland, and for rectifying, compounding, or mixing Spirits; and also certain a respect of Worts or Wafa brewed or made in Scotland for extracting Spirits for

C. f.9.

or [S' h?A. A, tit.

Spirits.]

Consumption in Scotland, and for or in respect of Spirits diddled or made in Scotland for t

1 far ption of

43 C. 3. c. Sr.

Duticson Spiiiff, Sec. in Sco I md under rcciud A<Sts Ih.ili ccjfe.

Duties in Sct.tduU's A. and

Scotland: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign <if His present Majesty,

intituled, An Atlfor granting to His Majesh, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties cf Excise in Great Britain, certain other Duties for and in respect of inch Sails,

Worts, and Wash, and Spirits as aforesaid, are granted and made payable, until T\Veive M-mths after t: .e 4 Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace 2 And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the iaid Dalles, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, all and Angular the said Duties shall cease and determine and be no longer payable or paid, Jave and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or p-aying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto reflectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Tenth Day of August.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of August, in liea and in (lead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, Elis Heirs a-ad^Successors, on Licences, and on thw several other Articles, and Things mentioned and described in the Schedules gr'n, uedTn Yu of marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Exc; fe as they are respectively prior DuticY. inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.)

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Duties shall be Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and shall (except as is hertin-a.ter excepted, or other- levied by Corn-wife directed or provided) be raised, collected, recovered, secured, and paid by such Persons, at such Times, and {?fl*?n.c, s

in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under and subsed to such jcodnrrl. under " Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging and mitigating Regulation or* Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such Powers, and to the like Rules and Directions, and by 28 G. 3. c. 46: such Methods, and in such Manner and Form (except as aforesaid) as by several Acts made in the Twenty-eighth, 3 3 G- 3-c- b 1 Thirty-third, Thirty-fifth, Thirty-seventh, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth, and Forty-fifth Years of the, Reign of J* G'g3'.C'

His present Majesty, for the Regulation of Biftilleries in Scotland) or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament 3*0G. 3. c. 73* now in force concerning the several Matters and Things respectively, for or in respect whereof any Duty is by this 45 g. 3 c. ico, j Ad imposed, is directed or prescribed; and that all the Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Sec,

Rules, and Directions mentioned and contained in the said Acts respectively except as aforesaid), shall be practised and put in Execution for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the several arid respective Duties by this Act imposed, in manner in the said Acts directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Licences to make, dillil, rectify, or compound Spirits in the Lowlands Y°r '

of Scotland) shall be granted in the Manner and Form directed by an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Yea> s^L'.wimd* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Dfull cries in Scotland, shall beg-.antctf and on the Exportation of lSnUxn-made S irits from England to Scotland, and for granting other Duties in lieu a undci 39 £4# thereof and for altering, amending) and continuing certain Acts of Parliament for the Regulation of Difiiilcries in G-3-c. 73. Scotland, save and except that every such Licence shall commence and take effect from the Fir it Day of October in

each Year, and shall be and remain in force and effect for One Year only from the said FirdDay gf October in each Except that the Year, and that no such Licence shall be granted, save and except between the said First Day of October and the Trrm lh-)l First Day of November in each Year: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for anylicensed x October JpHtiller in the Lowlands of Scotland to deliver up to the Commifll Oners of Excite, or to the proper >upervisor or Yearly, &c. Surveyor of the Fifl.nct, his or their Licence to be vacated on the Terms and Conditions; and at the Time and [Ser 39, 400.3. in the Manner directed by the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present c*73 § If*] Majesty; any Thing in this or any other Act in auywife to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Licences to make or dillil Spirits in the Highlands cf Sco/land % shall Gccrcc? to be granted under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Supervisor of Excise of the Collection and District

within which the same shall* authorize the Distiller or Distillers to whom the same shall be granted to make or i, tgrTn; ed

dillil Spirits; and eycry such Licence shall commence, take cited, and be in Force from the First Day of October Ye.nlv by the hi each Year, and shall remain in fullforce and effect for One Year, and no longer. Cuiceh.r and SujKrvtfor.

5 P 2 VI And

8 4+

No Licence shall be granted unril all former Duties arc paid.

When Highland Distiller has bn werl W lfb, fufticiciu to produce 75 Gallons of Spirit, for every Gallon Content of the >tdl, the Licence shall cease.

But Licence may b'. renewed.

First Licence may be taken out between I October and 1 November, Yeatly.

Quantity of Spirits by which the Termination of the Licence is to be regulated, shall be reckoned from theQuantity first produced.

Penalty on not

renew ingLicence for Surp us Spirits, &c. 500l. Content of Highland Stills j 4O to zoGallons. penalty, iool.

No Allowance for Waite, &c. it Worts.

16^ Gallons of

Spirits charged, &c for 100 Callous Wade in the Lowlands.

Du*y on Excess, as. per G.rlka

When Lowland Distiller has brewed W^(h fuflic icnt to produce 2025 Gallons Spirits for every Gallon Content of me 5t>h, Licence At.11 ccate.

C.-iot. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted for distilling Spirits in Scotland until the Person applying for the same shall have paid up che Whole of the Duty charged on every former Licence granted to such Distiller, and also the Whole of the Duty charged on all Worts or Waffi made, brewed, or received, and on Spirits distilled by him by virtue of such Licence.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall have brewed, made, or received, and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Wort or Wash, sufficient to produce Seventy-five Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller or Maker of Spirits in the said Highlands, computingTcn Gallons of such Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Waffi, then and in every such Case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine, and be no longer in force: Provided always nevertheless, that such Distiller or Maker of Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland shall be at Liberty to take out a new or fresh Licence, to be granted in the Manner and on the Terms and Conditions of the first Licence, save and except that the same shall in no Case be granted for a longer Term than to the First Day of October then next ensuing, and such further Licence shall also cease and determine when and so soon as such Quantity of Worts or Wash as aforesaid shall have been made, brewed, or received, and distilled into Spirits; and at the Termination of every such Licence within the Year for which the first Licence was granted, by the Distiller having brewed, made, received, and distilled into Spirits such Quantity' of Worts or Wash as aforesaid, the Distiller or Maker thereof shall be at Liberty to renew and take out a fresh Licence: Provided also, that no Licence shall be granted for diddling Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, save and except to such Person or Persons, and for such Distillery to and for which a Licence shall have been taken out between the First of October and the First Day of November in each Year, to commence and take effetSl from the First Day of October in each Year

" Licences may be granted to regular entered Distillers in the Highlands in the present Year, between " 10 ^tf/?and 1 October, on paying the Duties. §8.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Quantity of Spirits made or distilled, or the Quantity of Wort or Wash brewed, made, or received, by which the Termination of the Licence granted to any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall be regulated, shall be reckoned from the Quantity which shall be first produced, until the full Quantity of either shall be made; and if any surplus Spirits shall be mad© or distilled beyond the Quantity' for which the Licence shall have been granted without taking out a new or fresh Licence, or if any surplus Wort or Wash shall be remaining after such Quantity of Spirits as aforesaid shall have been made or distilled, then and in every such Case the Distiller or Distillers by whom such surplus Spirits shall be made or distilled, or in whose Custody or Possession such surplus Wort or Walh shall remain or be discovered, shall immediately take out and pay the Duty for a new and fresh Licence, or in Default thereof shall forfeit Five hundred Pounds, together with all such surplus Spirits, Wort, and Wash whatever, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

X And be it further enacted, That no Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall be permitted to erect, set up, or use any Still, the cubical Content or Capacity of which, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus, Under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head fliaT turn downwards, so as to form an Angle of Forty-five Degrees, shall exceed Forty, or be less than Twenty Gallons, on pain of forfeiting One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in Scotland shall be charged with, and shall pay the Duties by' this Act respectively imposed for all Wort and Wash brewed or made, or received by any such Distiller without any Allowance for Waste, Leakage, Dregs, Sediment, or Bottoms whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall be charged with and pay the full Duties by this A£\ imposed on Spirits made or distilled in the Lowlands of Scotland, at and after the Kate of Sixteen Gallons and a Half for every' One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash made, brewed, or received by any such Distiller; and every such Distiller shall have Credit and be allowed Permits for Sixteen Gallons and a Half of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash as aforesaid brewed, made, or received, and actually distilled into Spirits by such Maker or Distiller.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall extra<51, make, diflil, or produce any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Sixteen Gallons and a Half for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Excess, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, over and above all other Duties on the Licence, or Worts, Wash, or Spirits whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall have brewed, made, or received and distilled into Spirits a Quantity of Worts or Wash sufficient tc produce Two thousand and twenty live Gallons of Spirits, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for each and every Gallon of the full Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills specified or mentioned in the Licence granted to such Distiller or Maker of Spirits in the said Lowlands, computing Sixteen Gallons and a Half of such Spirits, of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of such Worts and Wash, then and in every such Case the Licence of such Distiller shall cease and determine and be no longer in force; any Thing in this or any other Atts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 102. 845

XV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases whatsoever in which any Distiller in the Lowlands of Account of Scotland is or shall be required by any Law or Laws of Excise now in force to make Oath to any Account or L°wUnd Diflil-Retum whatever, such Account or Return shall at the same Time be verified on Oath by the Brewer or chief Jj oi/oath Workman of such Distiller, which Oaths shall be administered by any Collector or Supervisor of Excise; and by the Brewer, if any such Distiller, Brewer, or chief Workman shall neglect or refuse to make out and verify such Account or Sec.

Return on Oath, he or they shall forfeit, for any such Neglect or Refusal, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty, 200l.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall be charged with Ten Gallon* of and pay the full Duties by this Act imposed on Spirits made or distilled in the Highlands of Scotland, at Spirit* charged, and after the Rate of Ten Gallons for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash so made, brewed, qj|0

or received by any such Distiller, and every such Distiller shall have Credit, and be allowed Permits for Ten huhe Highlands. Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash as aforesaid brewed, made, or received, and actually distillel into Spirits, by such Maker or Distiller.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall extract, make. Duty on Excrf*, distil, or produce any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Ten Gallons for every One hundred per Gallon. Gallons of such Wort or Wash as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Gallon of such Excels, computed at the

Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, over and above all other Duties on the Licence, or Worts,

Wadi, or Spirits whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Excess of Spirits, chargeable by this Act at the Rate of Two ExcessHiall be Shillings per Gallon, shall be reckoned upon the full Quantity of Spirits actually made or distilled, at the Strength calculated under of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, under each and every particular Licence, to be balanced at the Termina — each i*l^cncc* tion of such Licence; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XtX. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall once in every Six Hignhnd Weeks make out an Account of the Quantity of malted and unmalted Corn or Grain used or employed by him Dist filers shall or her in the making or brewing of Wort or Wafti for Distillation, within the Six Weeks immediately preceding, nialcc Rct^kn* and also the Quantity of Wort or Wash h ewed or made, and the Quantity of Spirits, at the Strength of One to of the ^uanti'ty* Ten over Hydrometer Proof, distilled or e drafted within the same Period; and every such Distiller, and also his cf Multand 7 chief Brewer or Workman, shall make Oath to the Truth of such Account, before the proper Collector or Super- Grain used, and visor of Excise, which Oath such Collector or Supervisor is hereby authorised to administer; and if any Distilhr, Spirits dirtilled. or his chief Brewer or Workmen, shall neglect or refuse to make Oath as aforesaid, he shall for every such On Oath. Offence, forfeit and Iofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty 200l.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in Scotland, or the Brewer or chief Workman of such Penalty on false Distiller, shall make or give in a false or untrue Entry or Return on Oath of the Quantity of Malt and unmalted Returns, 200k Grain used by him or her in the making or brewing of Wort or Wash for Distillation or of the Quantity of

Wort or Wash brewed or made, or of the Quantity of Spirits, computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, distilled or extracted by him or her, such Distiller, and his or her Brewer or chief Workman,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That within Six Weeks after such Accounts on Oath as aforesaid have or Dude* shall be_

ought to have been delivered, every such Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland shall pay down the Duty for all paid within Six Rich Wort, Wash, and Spirits so brewed, made, or distilled as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect ^ceks after or Refusal so to do, Double the Amount of the said Duties. erurn*

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller of Spirits for the Consumption of Scotland shall, Distiller* of before he begins to use any Batch, Square Tun, or other Vessel or Utensil for fermenting Wert or Wash for the Jp.riti for Home Purpose of Distillation, give Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, and shall permit such foTh'^I^Notice Officer to gauge and ascertain the true Content thereof; and every such Distiller shall moreover mark with a uf beginning to legible Mark the Number of each and every Vessel or Utensil used by him for fermenting Wort or Wash, hrew, &c* beginning with Number One, and so on progressively: and if any Distiller shall make use of any such Vessel or yc(Tch Qiallb* Utensil for fermenting Wort or Wafti, before giving such' Notice thereof in Writing as aforesaid, or before the numbered, proper Officer shall "have gauged the fame, or before the same shall be so numbered as aforesaid, every such Penalty 50U Distiller so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Distiller of Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, shall, as soon Notice of

as the Wort or Wash shall be let down into any Vessel or Utensil used for fermenting the fame, and the Wort or Fermentation. Wafti shall be prepared or set for Fermentation, make o; it a Declaration thereof in Writing, specifying the Number or Numbers of the Vessel or Utensil in which such Wort or Wash shall he so prepared or set for Fermentation, and the exact dry or wet Inches of the Vessel or Utensil in which such Wort or Wash shall be so set or prepared, and shall deliver such Declaration to the first Officer or Officers of Excise who shall visit the Distillery for the Purpose of surveying the fame, after the Wort or Wash shall be so set for Fermentation as aforesaid, on Pain at forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Declaration, the Sum of Fifty penalty 50U Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Officer or Officers of Excise, under Rrjruhtiun* a* the Rank of Supervisor, or Riding Supervisor, to take a Sample of any Wort or Wash brewed, made, or Simple* of received by any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland, until the Expiration of Sixty Hours after the same shall have been prepared or set for Fermentation.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if upon taking an Account of, or ascertaining the Weight or Gravity On Incre.ife of of the Wort or Wafti in any particular Batch, Vessel, or Utensil, used for fermenting Wort or Wash, by an Instrument called a Saccharometer, it shall appear that the Wort or Wash therein shall have inc*eased in Weight 5 tccna'tomtter* or-Gravity since the last preceding Trialof the fame, with the same Instrument, to the Extent of Five Degrees, lhc vv»(h dull

11 as

A.D. 1806.

S46 C. 102. 46° GEORGII III.

be charged ts. per Gallon extra,

Commissioners «f Exofc Ih. 11 provide

Saccharomctci 8.

Penalty on al'cri- g Stills to incrcnli the Content beyond fliaf cxprcffctl in Licence, 6tc. 500L

Ko Grain shall be used in Highland Distillali .n, except Oits, Bariev, B< rr, or Bigg, or Malt thereof.

Penalty 200K

Penalty «n fending out Spirits without Permit,

Forfeiture of Licence; and all Spirits made in the Preniil'cs for One Year p.cycding shall be deemed to be made without Licence, &cc.

ms indicated on that Instrument, the Wort or Waffi in any and every such Vessel or Utensil shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently altered or changed, and the whole Quantity of Wort and Wash ift any and every such Vessel or Utensil shall be charged with Duty at and after the Rate of One Shilling per Gallon, over and above any other Duty that may be chargeable or may have been charged on any Wort or Wash in the same Vessel or IJtenfil; and the Sum so charged shall be payable and paid at the Times and in the Manner that the other Duties by this Act imposed are required to be paid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall an; l may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of Hit*. Majesty's Treasury, to provide a proper Saccharometer to be used by the Officers of Excise, under the Authority of this AcI, for ascertaining the Weight or Gravity of Worts or Wash to be employed iii the Distillation of Spirits.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller in Scotland shall, by any Art or Contrivance whatever, make any Alteration in any Still, Still head, or other Apparatus in any Way connected with such Still, by whatever Name or Denomination such Apparatus may be called, whereby such Still, including the Head and other Apparatus as aforesaid, shall be made to contain a greater Quantity than shall have been ascertained and inserted in the Licence granted to such Diiliilers, and in the Books of the Excise Officers, as the true Content of such Still, including the Head and other Apparatus as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Grain, or other Commodity or Material xdiatevei*, shall be employed or used for or in the making or brewing Worts or Wash for dillilling or extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, save and except Oats or Barley, or Beer or Bigg, of the Growth of the said Highlands of Scotland, or Malt made therefrom; and if any Distiller in the Highlands of Scotland, or the Brewer or Workman of any such Distiller, shall employ or use for or in the making or brewing of Worts or Waffi for diddling or extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, any Grain or other Commodity or Material, save and except Oats or Barley, or Beer or Bigg of the Growth of the said Highlands of Scotland exclusively, or Malt made therefrom, he, she, or they, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Didiiler of Spirits for the Consumption of Scotland shall send out any Quantity of Spirits without fending therewith a true and lawful Permit, or shall knowingly suffer any Spirits to be sent out of his Stock without a true and lawful Permit to accompany the fame, every such Didiiler, being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures whatever, forfeit and lose the Benefit of his Licence 5 and all Spirits made or diddled by any such Person, or by any other Person whatever, in the Still Ho use or Premises used by any such Person, within One Year after such Conviction, shall be deemed and taken to be fraudulently made without Licence or Entry, and the Person or Persons making the same shall be liable and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by Persons making or diddling Spirits without Licence or Entry.

I'cnalry on receiving or carrying Foreign or Cntish S, ji»its without Pcimir, 20C1-, &c.

What Proofs shall be admitted of Permit having been obtained.

Private Persons Ih. llIrnrlPeimi 5 tu Excise Office

Penalty on Excel-. of Spirits tn Sr^tk, forfeiture and 1.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Didiiler of or Dealer in Spirits, or other Person in Scotland\ entered or not entered, shall fell or send out, or shall knowingly suffer to be feat out of his or her Stock, Cudody, or Possession, or shall receive, or knowingly suffer to be received into his or her Stock, Cudody, or Possession, or suffer any other Person, for his or her Use or Account, to receive at any One Time any Foreign or Brlufb Spirits exceeding the Quantity of Two Gallons, without the same being accompanied with a true and lawful Permit; or if any Carrier, Boatman, or other Person in Scotland, shall knowingly carry, remove, or transport, or by Means of his Horse, Cart, Vessel, Boat, or other Conveyance, shall Knowingly suffer to be carried, removed, or transported, or shall be aiding or assisting in carrying, removing, or transporting from any Part of Scotland to another Part thereof, any Foreign or British Spirits, at One Time, exceeding the Quantity of Two Gallons, without being accompanied with a true and lawful Permit, every such Didiiler, Dealer, Carrier, Boatman, or other Person whatsoever shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and above every Penalty and Forfeiture to which he or she is or may be liable in or by virtue of this or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which may be in Force at the Time of passing this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Suit or Action shall be commenced, or Information filed or exhibited against any Person receiving such Foreign or British Spirits, unaccompanied with a trhe and lawful Permit, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture in such Case by this Act imposed, it shall be sufficient for the Defendant or Defendants to prove that a lawful Permit to accompany the Removal of such Spirits was duly obtained by the Party felling or fending out the fame, and that there had been a oorresponding Decrease in the Stock of the Seller or Sender out thereof, to answer the Quantity of such Spirits so sent out and removed, and upon such Proof being made, such Spirits shall be adjudged to have been legally received, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and provided always, that where the Persons receiving such Spirits (he or she not being an entered Distiller of or Dealer in Spirits) shall, within Ten Days from the Receipt thereof, fend or deliver to the nearest Officer of Excise, the Permit which actually accompanied the fame, every such private Person so delivering the Permit as aforesaid shall be held and deemed to have complied with the Provisions of this Act, in respect to the receiving of such Spirits.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if on taking and calling the Stock of any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in Scotland, at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, any Officer of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spirits contained in such Stock to exceed the Quantity in such Stock at the Time of taking the lall preceding Account thereof, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity of Spirits fiuce charged by any Inch Officer or Officers, and also the Quantity of Spirits received by or with any legal Permit or Permits, and after making the proper Deduction or Allowance for the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have

3.been

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. 102.

847

Penalty on Perfor.s in whose Premises private Dirfillcrics shall 1 c carried on, 100l. to 20l. or I mprif mment not exceeding Six Mouths.

been since granted to such DIftiller or Maker, then and in every such Case such Excess shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently made, and shall be forfeited and loll, and a Quantity equal to the Quantity so found in Excess shall and may be seized and taken by any Officer of Excise from and out of any Part of such Stock, and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Excess shall be found shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXIII. 1 And Whereaa Persons who are immediately concerned in the making of Spirits privately, or are

conncdled with others employed in such unlawful Pra&iccs, frequently escape Punishment, either on Account of their Poverty, or because no direct Proof can be adduced that tiicy were actually employed or connected

with others in such private Distillation, although it may he evident that such private Distillation could not be 1 carried on without their Know led e and Consentfor Remedy whereof be it enacted, That in every Case where sufficient Proof shall not be adduced to convict the Party of having been actually employed or concerned in such private Distillation, it shall be lawful to offer Proof, and for the Court before whom the Case shall be heard to receive Proof, that the private Distillery was carried on in some Part of the House, Outhouses, Yards, Gardens, or Premises belonging to or in the Occupation of the Party accused, and that from the Situation of the Place, or other Circumstances, such private Distillation was or must have been carried on with the Knowledge and Privity of the Party accused, and ill such Case to fine the Party in any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor leis than Twenty Pounds; and in case the Fine be not immediately paid, to commit the Party to the Jail or Prison of the County, for any Time not exceeding Six Months, unless the Fine be sooner paid.

XXXIV. And whereas when the Officers of Excise have discovered private or unlawful Distilleries, it has often been found impossible or difficult to remove the Spirits, Materials, and Utensils to a Place of Safety; for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That when any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find or difcqver any unlawful Distillery in any Part of Scothir.d, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers, at his or their Discretion, immediately upon the Discovery of such private or unlawful Distillery, and the Seizure of any Spirits or Materials, Implements, or Utensils for Distillation, effectually to spill, breakup, and destroy the fame; any Thing in this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enr.cied, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to search for private and unlawful Distilleries in any Part of Scotland, and to seize all private and unlawful Stills, Implements, Utensils, and Materials for unlawful Distillation, together with all Spirits which any such Officer or Officers shall discover to have been unlawfully distilled or made, in like Manner as any Officer or Officers of Excise is or are authorized or empowered to do by any Law or Laws made or to be made; and such Officer or Officers of the Customs shall be entitled to the like Rwards as are by Law given to the Officers of Excise in such Cases.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Malt shall be removed, carried, or conveyed from any-one Place in the Highlands of Scotland to any other Place in the said Highlands, or from any Place without the said Highlands to any Place within the said Highlands, unless accompanied with a true and lawful Permit (according to such Form as shall be provided by the Commissioners of Excise) from the proper Officer of Excise; on pain of forfeiting all such Malt as shall be removed, carried, or conveyed, without such Permit, together with the Package, containing the fame, and also the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, or Boats or Vessels employed in removing, carrying, and conveying the fame, and the same may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, .That every Maker of or Dealer in Malt shall, upon his Request-Note in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division within which such Maker of or Dealer in Malt shall reside, be entitled to a Permit to accompany any Ma*t intended to be removed: Provide^ always, that such Request-Note shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person from and the Person to whom the Malt is to be sent and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Person by whom the Malt was made, and the Quantity of the Malt to be removed, and by what Conveyance

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Officer of Excise, who shall grant or issue any Permit for the Removal of any Malt, shall specify therein the Time for which such Permit shall be in force, allowing a rcafoaablo Time for the Removal thereof, according to the Distance and Mode of Conveyance.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Permits shall be delivered up to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division within which the Person shall reside to whom the Malt shall be delivered, within Ten Days from the Date thereof, on pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to deliver up such Permit, the Sum of Forty Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit any Permit for the Removal of Malt, or fraudulently alter or erase any such Permit, after the same shall have been granted by the proper Officer of Excise, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. 1

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all British Spirits seized in any Istand within the Highlands of Scotland shall, after Condemnation, be sold in the Istand in which the same shall have been seized, for the Consumption of such Istand only; and that all British Spirits seized on the Mainland in the said Highlands of Scotland ffial', after Condemnation, be sold for the Consumption of the Highlands of Scotland only, and shall not be allowed or permitted to be removed or carried to any Place within the Lowlands of Scotland, on pain of being again forfeited, together with the Caffisand Vessels containing the fame, and also the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, or Boats or Vessels uied or employed in removing the fame, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Ex die.

XLII. And Whereas by an Act p.iffed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, oi^anres intituled, An Act' or better regulating the disTdling of Spirits in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in 1, tw en

Scotland DiiUlcric*, fee.

Spirits seized In private Diliilirrics may be spilled, &c.

Officers of C u (toms empowered to seize private and unlawful Stills and Utensils.

No Malt shall be r. m>ved wthin or into the Highlands without Permit. Penally, Forfeiture, &c.

Dealers in Malt entitled 10 Permits on Requeli-Notes*

Duration of Permit shall be Ipccfied.

Permits (b ill be deliver d 11 O lie r of 1 he Division whither the M ilt is knu Penalty on so. ging or altering Permits, 2c ol.

Spirits seized in any Id ind or in the Hi 'hlj* d*, (Kill be sold where seized.

8*8

in the Lowland*. [See 45 G. 3. c. 100. § x.]

Penalty on obstructing Officer*, 200l.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

This Act (haM not repeal former Act*, unless where their Provisions are repugnant.

C I O 2

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

1 Scotland for Exportation to England, for the better securing the Duties payable thereon, and for altering the Time of making Entry and granting Licences to dislil Spirits for Scotland, certain Regulations are made with respect to the Distances between the Houses or Places entered in England and in Scotland for making or diddling of*Spirits for Exportation from any One of the said Parts of the United Kingdom to the other of them: And Whereas the Distances prescribed by the said A £1 may be found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That no Person in the Lowlands of Scotland shall make or distil, nor shall any Distiller in the said Lowlands keep any Spirits for the Consumption of Scotland or for Exportation to England, or to Foreign Parts, in any House or Place, entered or not entered, within the Distance of Two hundred Yards, measured in a straight Line from any House or Place which shall then be, or within One Year immediately preceding shall have been entered or used by any Distiller for making, distilling, or keeping Spirits for any Purpose whatsoever; on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds 5 any Thing in this or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, hinder, disturb, oppose, or impede any Officer or Officers in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or any or either of them, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland*, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed orconftrued to extend, to repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to making or diililiing Spirits in Scotland, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein save and except the Duties respectively by this Act expressly repealed, and save and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, or Authorities therein contained or granted are repealed, revoked, altered, or contracted by this present Act or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained), but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Towers, and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred, or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non observance of the fame, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made: any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Duties in Schedule ( A) shall be carried to Consolidated Fund. /.7 $>5*° 15/ shall be set a side Quarterly as4 the Produce under 39, 40 G. 3. c. 7^. 43 G. 3. c. 69. and applied to Charge of Stock created this Seinon. 44 §46. — Accounts of the Residue shall be kept separate for 1 o Years, and annually laid before Parliament §47. t( — Duties in Schedule (B.) shall continue till 12 Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, 4' and be paid into the Exchequer, and a separate Account to be kept thereof, and applied to Services of 1806, 44 or any subsequent Year. §48.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

PERMANENT DUTIES.

FOR ever)' Gallon, Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or other Wort6, Wash, or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, or from Foreign refused Wines or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption in the said Highlands of Scotland only, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, or Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or diddled in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be diddled by or from each Still, to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licer.ce or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may be made or diddled -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or diddled in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption in the said Highlands of Scotland only, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricded to be diddled by or Irom each Stdl, to b£ paid over and above the Duty on the Licence or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may be made or diddled — \ -

Duty.

x. d.

--31

1

8

- 4

46° GEORGII III.

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and very Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty-five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for any or either of the Purposes herein after mentioned, a Licence Duty to be paid: (that is to say),

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or other Waft or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of Britishi Materials, or any Mixture therewith — For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith -

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, from Foreign refused Wines or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melafle* or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith -

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption of the said Highlands of Scotland only, from Corn, Grain, Malt, or Tilta —

For the re&ifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, in any Part or Place in Scotland -

C. 102.

Duty.

£. J.

?49

108 -

67O — '

76o —

6 13 4 , 08-----

Schedule- (B*)

DUTIES to continue until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace.

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Waft, brewed or made for extrafling Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Worts, Wash, or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, or from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made for extrafling Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption in the said Highlands of Sco la \d only, from any Malt, Com, Grain, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Worts, Wash, or Liquer made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in the Lowlands of Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each Still; to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence for or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may be made or distilled -

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strengtli of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in the Highlands of, Scotland, for Consumption in the said Highlands of Scotland only, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each Still; to be paid over and above the Duty on the Licence for or Content of the Still, and the Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may be made or distilled — — _ v _ —

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Plead and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube, or other Apparatus therewith conne&ed, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards Snd form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for any or either of the Purposes herein after mentioned, a Licence Duty to be paid; (that is to say),

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, and Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials or any Mixture therewith —

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland -

For the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materi als, except MtlafTe; and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland -

l or the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits in the Highlands of Scotland, for Consumption of the said Highlands of Scotland, from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, o- P; ry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith -

For the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters, in any Part or Place in Scotland - ,

4r) Geo. III. j O

Duty.

C ' d.

- M

- O}

- 4

- 2'

54-----

335 -

380---

3 , 6 8

54--

850 C. 103.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Pick'd Salmon or 3-tlted C«>d F-dt may be impoited from Jfcwfit'JJdlanH, or the Coast of L 'br.id'u, by BiiiifK Subjects. Bourty of 3s. p*r Q'liut.il or Cwt. allowed en such I m portion.

Conditions on which Bo wiry shall be paid.

Such Fish may he exp rred without Re-payment of Bounty.

Bounty shall be under M nMge-ment of Cumin iftioncis of Customs, See. F*(h shall be examined before Bounty paid.

'TVovflTo as to Acts for securing Duties on Salt.

Bounty shall be paid according to Quantities expressed in Manifest.

A like Bounty on Importation of such Fish into Guernsey and Jersey.

Conditions and Regulations ^Under which f u-h Bounty 'shall bz paid.

Cap. cm.

An Act for allowing, until the First Day of Avgujl One thousand eight hundred and seven, the

Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coart: of Labrador, and for granting a

Bounty thereon. [; 6th July 1806 ]

WHEREAS it is expedient to permit the Importation of Salted and Pickled Salmon and Salted Dry < Cod Fish from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and to allow on such Importation a Bounty on every Quintal or Hundred Weight*of such Fish so imported: Be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to import from the Island of Newfoundland, or the Coast of Labrador, into the said United Kingdom, any Salted or Pickled Salmon, or Salted Dry Cod Fish, having been taken and cured at the said Places, or either of them, by British Subjects, any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation of such Fish into the said United Kingdom, there shall be paid and allowed to the Importer or Proprietor thereof, a Bounty of Three Shillings for every Ql, mtal or Hundred Weight of such Fish, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity 5 which Bounty shall be paid and allowed upon the following Conditions, that is to say, upon the Master and Mate of every Ship or Vessel m which such Fish shall be imported, making Oath at the Port of Importation before the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs in Great Britain, or of the Revenue in Ireland, that all the said Fish imported in the said Ship or Vert'd was taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fisheryat the Island of Newfoundland, or on the Coal! of Labrador, as the Case may be, and upon such Fish being duly entered and regularly landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers appointed for that Purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Salted Cod Fish and Salmon which shall have been imported under the Authority of this Act, and on which the Bounty above-mentioned shall have been paid as aforesaid, may nevertheless be exported without being subject to the Re-payment of the said Bounty, any Thing in this Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Bounty shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland in Great Britain, and the Commissioners of the Revenue in Ireland respectively, and shall be paid by the said Collector, or other principal Officer, before whom such Oath isdirested to be taken as aforesaid, out of any Fund under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively: Provided always, that before any Bounty shall be paid upon any such Fish as aforesaid, the same shall be examined by Two indifferent and disinterested Persons, experienced in the Nature of such Fish, appointed for that Purpose, at the Port of Importation, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners respectively, which Persons so appointed, together with the proper Officer or Officers who shall attend the Examination of the said Fish, shall declare upon their corporal Oaths, to be administered by the Collector or other principal Officer at the Port of Importation, whether the said Fish, or any Part thereof, is or is not merchantable; and in case any such Fish, or any Part thereof, shal* not be merchantable, no Bounty shall be allowed or paid on the Importation thereof.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to vary, alter, or repeal, any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Security of the Duties upon Salt, but that every Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such Duties shall remain in force in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That r.o Bounty shall be paid or allowed on the Importation of any such Fish, for or upon any greater Quantity or Weight thereof than is or shall be contained and expressed in the Manifest required by Law, upon the Importation thereof into any Port of the United Kingdom.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Bounty hereby granted to the Importers and Proprietors of 1 Fiffi landed in the United Kingdom fhoff d be extended to Fish landed in the Islands of Guernsey and JerseyS Be it therefore enacted, That upon the Importation of the like Sort of Fish into the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey respectively, from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, there shall he paid and allowed to the Importer or Proprietor thereof the like Bounty of Three Shillings for every Quintal or Hundred Weight of such Fish, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, which Bounty shall be paid upon the following Conditions; that is to say, upon the Master and Mate of every Ship or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported making Oath at the Port or Place of Importation before the proper Officer of the Customs there (which Oath he is hereby authorized to administer) that- all the said Fish imported in the said Ship or Vessel was cxired by His Majesty's Subjectn, carrying on the Fishery at Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador as the Case may be, and has not since been landed in any Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, for the Purpose of receiving the Bounty payable by this Act upon such Fish when imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and also upon such Fish being examined by Two indifferent and disinterested Persons residing in the said Islands respectively, experienced in the Nature of such Fish, appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Time being in England^ which Persons so appointed shall declare upon their corporal Oath6, to be administered by such proper Officer as aforesaid, whether the said Fish, or any Part thereof, is or is not merchantable, and in case any such Fish, or any Part thereof, shall, upon such Declaration, appear not to be merchantable, no Bounty shall be allowed or paid on the Importation thereof.

M Such Salted Cod and Salmon may be exported, without llc-payment of Bounty. §8.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 103-105. 851

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Bounty shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and shall be paid out of any Duties of Customs under the Management of the said the Management Commissioners, upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of such proper Officer as aforesaid, that Oath had of the Com-befen made before him, that all the said Fish had been taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the miffioiurs of said Fishery at Newfoundland, or the Coast of Labrador, as the Case may be, mentioning the Name of the Ship, Custom< of and the Time when the said Fish was imported, together with the Name of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, an and also that Oath had been made before him, that such Fish was merchantable, and appears to such Officer to be duly entitled to the Bounty granted by this Act; and further that the Quantity or Weight thereof does not exceed the Quantity or Weight contained and expressed in the Manifest of the Ship or Vessel in which such Fish was imported into the said Islands respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Persons shall, in any Manner whatever, fraudulently obtain Penalty on Per. any Bounty upon the Importation of such Fish, or shall enter any such Fish for the Purpose of obtaining any jbluil, cnl; y Bounty thereon, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case the Person IO'ol Jun or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounty upon the Importation of such Fish shall be paid and Bounty shall be allowed in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, P*, c^a* otl, cr Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Bounties on the Importation of the Produce of the Briujh Fisheries may, by BatHh Fishciiei. any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, be paid and allowed, so far as the same are applicable thereto, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions, therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to

extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for or in respect of the Bounty

hereby allowed, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and

Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

were particularly repeated and renacted in the Body of this present Act.

Continuance of Act, id August 1807. §12.

CAP. CIV.

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders to London and Westminsteri by Inland Navigation.

[16th July 1806.]

9t 45 G. 3. c. 128. continued till August 1, 1807. § j. — Not more than $0, 000 Tons of Coals, &c. shall be 99 brought within the Year, nearer to London than the Post or Stone erected at Grove Pari. §2. — Duties on Ht Coals brought nearer to London than the said Stone or Poll, the same as under 4$ G. 3. c. 128. §7. with u the Addition of 81. 6s. Sd. per Cent. making in the Whole 10s. 2 jd.per Ton, and also is. 3d. per Ton to the 49 Orphans Duty, as under said recited Act. §3.

CAP. CV.

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover.

[16th July 1806.]

WHEREAS, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships of War, and Stores at Portsmouth> and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover, it is necessary to erect and raise additional Fortifications at or near the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, and at or near the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent; and in order thereunto, to purchase the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein after mentioned: And Whereas the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are or may be veiled in, or belong to, Infants, Femes Covert, Trustees, or other Persons, who by

Law are disabled to make any Contrafts or Conveyances; in all which Cases, as also when any Owner or other Persons entitled to or interested in the fame, designing to obstruct the publick Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, infill on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse to the same Methods that have been taken in Cases of the like Nature: To the End therefore that the true and real

Value of the said Estates, Rights, and Interests, may be ascertained, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof, or Persons entitled thereto, may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the same Be it enacted, &c.

99 Certain Lands and Premises vested in Trustees, situate near Gosport and Dover, described and vested in the 94 Right Honourable Charles Abbot, Sir William Heathcote Baronet, William Chute Esquire, Filmer Honey wood 94 Esquire, and Sir William Geary Baronet, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for the Owners, till taken Possession of by the Principal Officers of the Ordnance, and Purchase Money paid, &c# §1. — Compensation 49 agreed on, or assessed by a Jury, shall be paid out of the next Aids. §2. — His Majesty empowered to appoint 41 (by Letters Patent) Commissioners to ascertain Titles to the Premises, and the Value thereof, who may* proceed in a summary Way, on Testimony by Oath, Inspection of Deeds, or Inquest of Twelve Men. 49 Judgements of such Commissioners shall be entered in Books, and engrossed on Parchment, and certified to 49 the Clerk of the Crown m Chancery, and the King's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, and (Hall be " final. §3. — The said Commissioners so to be appointed, empowered to treat with the Owners of Premises. 44 In case of Neglect or Refusal to treat, &c. Premises shall be valued by the Commissioners, who may summon

5 Q a " a Jury

8j*C. 105, 106.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

4t a Jury for that Purpose. f 4, 8. — After Payment of Money assessed, Premises flnllvcftin the Trusteea for

w the Use oFHii Majesty. $ 9. — Premises liable to Tithes, Land Tax, &c. shall continue subject thereto, f 10. Ai — Commissionera shall not be liable to Penalties under 2> C. 2. c. 2. Sc 1 W. 6c M. c. 8. x 3, 14 W. 3. c. 6. or " l G. 1. c. 13. nor disqualilied from iitting in the House of Comindns. f u, 12.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Arts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Inland.

[16th july 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the more effectual Execution of the several Acts in force in Ireland^ relating to the several Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent M.ijcity, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Recital of frUh fame, That all and ever)' the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, Asti, 14*5 and Things whatsoever, contained in Two Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and d Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, the one intituled, An Act for the 14*15 Car.." settling of the Excise or ucu Impojl upon His Majesty, His Hein and Sucrefrs, ecording to the Book of Rates c. 9. CustomAft. therein inserted; and the oilier intituled, An Act for settling the Subfulie of Poundage, and grunting a Sulfdie of Powers of recited Tunnage, and other Sums nf Money, unto His Royal Majestie, His Heirs and Successors, the same to be pPtd up: n nto r cc* Merchandises imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto

5n Ireland, relating ro M <rtcfs under Jurisdiction of Commissioners of Cuiloms and JCommifOoners of Excise; and according to the Powers given to the Commissioners under 46 G. j. c. 58.

Officers may lac appointed and paid by Commissioners, with Approbation of XocdLieutcna n t.

Salary or Poundage of Commissioners and Sul>-Com-ouiflioners IHali, be allowed by Lord L ic ut enasl

By whom Oath may be admini* Hered to Com* JmiTiosici s«

annexed, fba.ll respectively extend and be conllrued to c .tend to, and shall be applied and made use of in the Execution of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters, and Things whatsoever under the Management of the said Commissioners of CuIlom3 and Port Duties, or under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, in the Exercise of the Commissions of the said Commissioners, and in the Management of all and every the several Matters and Things by Law put under their Management and Governance, so far as the said recited Acts are applicable or c*bi be applied to such Matters and Things respectively, as fully and efiedlually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Acts, and the several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were applied to the Execution of all the said Acts, Matters, and Things respectively; and according to the Powers which are or may be vested in the said Commissioners of Custom3 and Port Duties, or in the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, under or by virtue or in pursuance of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collect ion and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Ctijlcms, Excise, and Taxes, 'in Ireland, except only so far as such Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulation?, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, are expressly altered or repealed by the said last recited Act or this Act, or by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Taxes, or either of them.

II. Aadbc it further enacted, That all and every the Collectors, Clerks, Searchers, Waiters, Messengers, and all other Officers whatsoeve in the Cuiloms or Excise respectively, or concerned or engaged in or about the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or either of them, shall be appointed; and all Appointments of the said Officers shall be made by the said Commissionera of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, under the^r jHands and Seals, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and the said Commissioners respectively, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall have full Power to displace the said officers, or any of them, from Time to Time, and to place others in their Room, and to allow them and every of them such several Yearly Wages, to be paid them Quarterly, and other incidental Rewards for their Pains and Services, as they shall think lit, such Wages and Rewards to be paid out of the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively; and such Officers respectively shall have the same Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the same Forfeitures, Penalties, Suspension3, Removals, and Regulations, in all Respects, as is or are provided by the said recited Acts, or by any other Act or Act* in force in IrelamL, relating to such Officers respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners and Subordinate Commissioners, or Sub-Commissioners, and Collectors of the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties, and of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively shall h: i7e, for their several Pains in and about the Business under their Care and Management respectively, such reasonable Stuns of Money allowed them, by way of Poundage or otherwise, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall think lit.

IV. ' And Whereas Commissioners of Customs and Excise are, as the Law now (lands, to take the Oaths of

Office, and be (worn into their Office before the Lord Chief Baron, or in his At)fence, before the Chancellor

of the Court ol Exchequer in Irelandor One of the Barons thereof, which has frequently, on account of their Absence, proved inconvenient* Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal thereof, or for the Lord Chief Baron, cr in LLs Absence for the Chancellor of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or One of the Barons thereof, or for

' - the

the Lord Chief Justice, or for any of the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas in Ireland for the Time being respeajTely, to administer the Oaths of Office to any Person or Persons appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or a Commissioner or Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and they are hereby empowered to administer such Oath accordingly.

V. 1 And Whereas it may be inconvenient to require the Attendance of the several Officers of Customs, and to Sub-

Excise, and Taxes in Dublin^ in order to qualify themselves for their several Employments; Be it enacted, Cjmimflioneri.

That all and every Persons and Person appointed to any Office or Employment in the Revenue of Customs or

Excise, or concerned or engaged in or about the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of

Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall and

may, with the Consent of the said Commissioners respectively, take the Oath of Office, or any other Oaths which

he or they are respectively directed or required by Law to take, before their entering on their respective Office?,

either before such Person or Persons as are now authorized to administer the same, or before the Collector of the

DiilrivSl wherfe such Officer shall be appointed to relide, ot and in the several and respective Counties, Counties of

Towns, and Counties of Cities in Ireland, where such Officer or Officers shall be appointed to reside; and such

Coile&or is hereby empowered and required to administer the said Oath or Oaths accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That eveiw Collector of Customs or Excise, or of any of the Revenues under Oith of Cjlkftor the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland to (Quarterly Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall, to every Quarterly Account by him Tent up to the said Commissioners Accounts, respectively, annex the following Affidavit, to be by him signed, and made before a Justice of the Peace within the City or County where such Collector shall reside; (that is to say),

I A.B. Collector of Customs [or Excise, as the Case may be] do swear, That I hare carefully perused and examined the foregoing Account of Receipts and Payments for His Majesty's Use, for the Quarter ending the Day of last, containing Pages, and have carefully

compared the same with the several Vouchers and Entries, and that the same is, to the bed of my Knowledge, Judgement, and Belief, a just and true Account, and contains all the Receipts and Payments which I, A* 4 Collector, am accountable for, within the Period of Time therein comprehended; and further, that the several Arrears returned in the said Account are really due and lying out uncollected, as I verily believe.

So help me GOD.'

VII. And, to obviate the Inconvenience which may arise to the Publickby the Absence of the Collectors of Customs or Excise in Ireland from their respective Distnds, for the Purpose of swearing to their annual*Accounts before the Court of Exchequer be it enacted, That any Oath made by the several Collectors of Customs or Excise vespectively, of the Truth of their respective Accounts, before any Justice of the Peace, shall be equally valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were made before the Court or any of the Barons of the Exchequer; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the City, Suburbs, and Liberties of Dublin, and the Port of Dublin, and the several Creeks and Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts, and Places of the City and Coil uty of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, and all and every the Baronies, Part*, and Places of the fame, shall be subject to the Rule and Government of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in all Matters relating to the collecting, managing, and levying all Revenues of Customs and Port Duties, and all Revenues of Inland Excise and Taxes, and all Revenues whatever under the Management of the said Commissioners, or either of them, within the same: And that all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for any Offence against, or any Breach of any A(51 or Adtsin force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, which shall be committed, within the DistrhSl comprehending the said City, Suburbs, and Liberties o t Dublin, and the Port of Dublin, and the several Creeks and Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts, and Places of the City and County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, and all and every tie Baronies, Parts, and Places of the fame, shall be heard and determined (subject to such Appeal as is herein after mentioned) by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of them: And all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for any Offence against, or any Breach of, any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, committed or to be committed within the said District, Audi be heard and determined (subject to such Appeal as is herein after mentioned) by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them: And such Commissioners respectively shall give Judgement and award Execution accordingly: And no Complaint or Information for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for any Offence against, or any Breach of any such Act, which shall be committed within the said District, shall be heard, tried, or determined by any subordinate 'Commissioners or Sub Commissioners; a: y Law, Custom, or UTage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise anil Taxes vefpeclively, or any Three or more of them respectively, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to appoint so many and such Subordinate Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners, in and for any and every District in Ireland (except in the District comprehending the said City, Suburbs, and Liberties of Dublin, and the Port of Dublin, and the several Creeks and Members thereof, and all Parishes, Parts, and Places of the City and County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, and all and every the Baronies, Parts, and Places of the fame) as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall from Time to Time find necessary, to be approved of by the Xord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, for the Purpose of

hearing

O tih* by Collectors te their Yearly Account before Justices of Peace as v ilid as before the Exchequer* Offences

committed in the Port and District of Dublin shall be tried before the Chief Com miffi one rirf Customs and Excise respeo-tivelf*

Commissionerv of Customs a Excise may, with A probation ot Lord Lieutenant, appoint Sub-C xnmifttonera fot trying Offences in any Dtftriffc except Dublin, subj«& 10 such

85+

Regulations as are or may be malted.

Three

C»>nimiflioi: ers or Sub-Commissioners a Quorum on Ti-Is.

Wo Person inreretted shall try any Offence Penalty ioqI.

Trials shall not be adjourned unless on Affidavit, See.

Jurors of the same Trade as Defendants^ and Officers of Revenue, returned as Jurors, may be challenged.

C. 106, 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

hearing and determining all Complaints and Informations for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture imposed by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners respectively, for any Offence against, or any Breach of any such Act, and to give Judgement and award Execution accordingly; and that the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall have full Power to displace such Subordinate or Sub-Commissioners respectively, or any of them, from Time to Time, as any Three or more of such Commissioners oC Customs and Port Duties, or Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively shall think fit, and to place others in their Room, with the like Approbation, subject to such Regulations, Conditions, and Provisoes, as are or shall be enacted by I^aw in respect thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That not fewer than Three of such Commissioners or Sub Commissioners respectively, in their respective Districts, shall at any Time proceed to hear, try, and determine any Complaint or Information for or relating to any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or to give Judgement or award Execution thereon; and that any Judgement or Execution which shall beg^iven or awarded by the Majority fitting on the Trial of any such Complaint or Information, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for the settling the Excise or new Impofl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hear, try, or determine, any Complaint or Information for or relating to any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters,

: and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Ta xes, or either of them, or shall give Judgement or award Execution thereon, in any Case in which such Person shall be personally interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in the Matter or Complaint to be tried, or if he is to gain or lose thereby, on any Account whatsoever; and every Person authorized and appointed to hear, try, and determine any such Complaint or Information, shall, if thereto required by the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint or Information is filed, or in case such Complaint or Information shall be against any Ship or Goodsi then, if required by the Claimant thereof, take an Oath that he is not interested or concerned, directly or indirectly, in the Matter or Complaint then depending before him, and that he is not to gain or lose thereby, on any Account whatsoever, which Oath the Clerk or Person who shall attend for the t I'urpose of taking down the Depositions of Witnesses at the Trial of such Complaint or Information, or any of the Persons authorized and appointed to hear, try', and determine such Complaint or Information, is hereby authorized and required to administer; and if any Person shall proceed to hear, try, or determine any such Complaint or Information, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person shall, for every such Trial so proceeded on, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if such Person shall refuse to take such Oath, such Person shall be and is hereby disqualified and rendered incapable to hear, try, determine, or give Judgement upon the Matter then depending before him, and contained in any such Complaint or Information; and all Proceedings to be had before him after such Refusal shall be nidi and void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Court of Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners, fitting to hear, try, or determine any Complaint or Information for any Offence against any Act or A fts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, to adjourn the Trial of any such Complaint or Information after the Examination of any Witness on the Trial of such Complaint or Information shall have commenced, except from Day to Day, for the Purpose of further trying such Complaint or Information (Sundays and Holidays excepted), unless by the Consent of both Parties, or upon forae good and sufficient Cause, to be assigned upon Oath by One of the Parties applying for such Adjournment, or his or their Agent or Solicitor, or unless upon some good and sufficient Cause, to be assigned upon Oath by One or more of such Sub-Commissioners so fitting, to hear, try, and determine such Complaint or Information, if any Adjournment shall be desired and applied for by him or them 2 Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Three Commissioners fitting to hear, try, or determine any such Complaint or Information, to adjourn for any Time not exceeding Forty-eight Hours: And every such Adjournment and Cause, upon Oath, or otherwise, shall be entered in the Proceedings of the Court, and made a Part of the Transmifs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Action, Information, Indictment, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be commenced or prosecuted by or against any Officer of Customs or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or -acting under the said Commissionerc of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, for any Matter or Thing done contrary to or in the Execution, or by reason or by or under Colour of any Act or Acts in force in Irelandf relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners, or either of them, it shall be lawful for such Officer to take Exception to any of the Jurors returned for the Trial of any such Action, Information, Indictment, Suit, or Prosecution, who shall be of the same Business, Trade, or Calling, as any Plaintiff, Defendant, Prosecutor, or Traverser in any such Action, Information, Indictment, Suit, or Prosecution respectively: And that it shall be lawful for any such Plaintiff, Defendant, Prosecutor, or Traverser, to take Exception to any Officer of Customs or Excise, or Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners, or either of them, who shall be returned as a Juror for the Trial of any such Action, Information, Indictment, Suit, or Prosecution 5 and upon Proof of such Exception respectively, every such Juror shall be set aside, as in the Case of other legal Challenges.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.'C. 106.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That on the Trial of any Action, Information, Indictment, Suit, or Prosecution, for or concerning any Matter or Thing done by or against any Officer or Officers of Customs of Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissionters of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, when acting in Execution of any of the Provisions of this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners, or either of them, where it may be necessary to prove the Commission or Commissions of any Person acting as a Sub Commissioner or other Officer, an atteited Copy of the Registry or Entry of the Commission or Appointment of such Sub-Commissioner or other Officer, in any of the Books of or belonging to the said Commissioners respectively, or in the Books of the Collector of Customs or Excise for the District within which such Person acted as a Sub-Commissioner or other Officer, shall be admitted as Evidence that such Person was a legal Sub-Commissioner or other Officer, and that such Person had Authority to act as such Sub Commissioner or Officer, without producing the Commission by which such Person was appointed: And that where it may be necessary to prove any Proceeding, Decree, or Order of the Commissioners for Appeals, a true Copy of any such Proceeding, Decree, or Order of the said Commissioners for Appeals, attested by their Registrar for the Time being, shall be admitted to be read in Evidence, as if the original Decree or Order of the said Commissioners were produced and proved.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Information shall be exhibited in the proper District for exhibiting such Information, any Wimcffesor Parties refidingin any other Diflri61 of Ireland may be summoned to appear upon the Trial thereof, in the same Manner as if the Person or Persons so summoned was or were resident and found within the District where such Information was exhibited; and also, that any Warrant of Distress against any Offender, or for Imprisonment of any such Offender, where no sufficient Distress may be had, which shall be issued under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, may and shall be executed upon the Goods and Chattels, or on the Person ef such Offender, in any Part or Place in Ireland, in the same Manner as such Warrants might have been executed in the District where the Information was exhibited: Provided always, that no Summons shall issue against any Person to be a Witness, until it shall appear by the Affidavit of some Person, to be made before a Commissioner or Sub-Commissioner within the District where such Information is exhibited, that he is advised, and verily believes, that the Person to be summoned is a material Witness on the Trial of the said Information; and that every Officer who shall issue such Summons without such Affidavit previously made, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 and in case any Person who shall be summoned by virtue of this Act to be a Witness as aforesaid shall wilfully neglect orrefufe to appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his or her Testimony concerning the Matter in Question, every such Person for such Neglect or Refusal shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of King Charles the Second, for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it is amongst other Things provided, that if any Difference or other Matter of Controversy or Difficulty happen to arise between any Merchant, Trader, or Dealer, and the Commissioners, Sub-Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers; or if any Person or Persons shall judge him or themselves aggrieved or injured with any Manner of Proceedings had or done by the Commissioners, Sub-Commissioners, Collectors, or other Officers, that it shall and may be lawful for every such Person or Persons to make his Appeal to the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council of Ireland, of such Persons as they should appoint by Commission under the Great Seal: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the said recited Provisions be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person, whether Informer, Claimant, or Defendant, who shall think himself or herself aggrieved or injured by, or who shall be dissatisfied with§ any Judgement or Sentence of the said Commissioners or Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or their Sub-Commissioners respectively, to make his or her Appeal unto the said Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council of Ireland, or to such Commissioners of Appeals appointed or to be appointed pursuant to the said recited Act: Provided always, that such Appeal shall be made within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after such Judgement or Sentence shall be given, and in Default thereof, that no such Appeal shall afterwards be received: Provided also, that the Party who shall make any such Appeal shall serve the Injunction grounded upon such Appeal within the Space of Twenty Days next after such Appeal shall be lodged, or iu Default thereof, such Judgement or Sentence so appealed from shall be final and conclusive.

XVII. And Whereas the Commissioners appointed for hearing and determining Appeals are, by the said last recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, directed to take the Oath in the said Act set forth upon such their Appointment, which Oath the Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer is thereby authorized to administer; be it enacted, That it shall and mir y be lawful for the Chancellor of the said Court, of Exchequer, or for any One of the Barons thereof, or for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or the Keeper of the Great Seal thereof, or for the Commissioners for the Custody of the said Great Seal for the Time being, to administer the Oath required to be taken by the said recited Act, to such Person and Persons as shall or may be from Time to Time appointed a Commissioner or Commissioners for Appeals, and they are hereby authorized to administer such Oath.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Appeal shall be brought before the said Commissioners for Appeals from any Judgement or Sentence of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or their Sub-Commissioners respectively, the said Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners respectively, by whom such Judgement or Sentence shall have been had or given, shall, within Twenty-one Days next after Service of the Injunction to stop their Proceedings, transmit,

12 or

*5 5

Entry in Books of Commissioners or Collectors shall he admitted a< Proof of the Commission.

Proofs of Proceeding< of C tmmifl; men of Appeals.

For summoning> &c. Parties and Witnesses in Jurisdictions other than where the Offence is tried.

Recital of 14, 15 Car. 2* c. 8-. §54.

Any Party aggrieved or dissatisfied with Judgement of Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or their Sub-Commissioners, may ippeal.

Commissioners Of Appeal may b: sworn before the Chancellor, or any Baroh of the Exchequer, &c.

On Appeal, Evidence lhait be fenr to Commissioners of Appeal by the Commissioner* who gave the Judgement.

856

C. 106.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Pon.ilv on M'U'uil.-s icfufing to attrnd, <»r give Evidence or fend Paper* Kcfore Commissbners of Appeals, sol.

Commissioners of Appeals m«y remand Cases Dot fully tried.

Commissioner* of Appeals may empower Persons tp take Affidavit#.

J*orm of the Caption of such Affidavit#.

No Judgement shall be reversed for Informality.

On Trial of any Information) ict. the Judge may eeni y probable Cause of Seizure, &c.

Commissioners of Appeals (half no! aliate Pc Haltics.

Commissioners of Custom$ and Ex^ifi may abate Penalties, according to Regulations and Orders of Titaiury.

orcatfe to be transmitted, under Cover, sealed up, and directed to the Registrar of the said Commissioners for Appeals, a true Copy, attested by One of the said Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners, of all the Proceedings and Proofs in the Cause in which such Judgement or Sentence was given; and in Default thereof, such Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds each, unless the Delay (if any shall happen) be satisfactorily accounted for by Affidavit before the Commissioners for Appeals.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall be summoned to appear before the said Commissioners for Appeals, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing shall r?fuse to give his or her Tf'estimony concerning the Matter in Oucftion, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver or cause to be delivered such Papers and Writings as he or she shall be required to deliver by an Order in Writing from the said Commissioners for Appeals, or their Registrar, as shall then be in his or her Possession or Power to transmit and deliver, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall appear on any Appeal to the said Commissioners for Appeals, that the Merits of any Case have not been tried, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Appeals to remand the Proceedings in every such Case to the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners respectively by and before whom the Judgement or Sentence appealed against was given, to the End that the Merits of every such Cause may be duly tried.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for Appeals, or any Two or more of them, by Commission under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time to authorize and empower such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, in the several Counties in Ireland, to be Commissioners to take and receive Affidavits in any Cause depending, or other Proceedings in Causes of Appeals, before the said Commissioners for Appeals; and Affidavits taken before such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall be of the same Force as Affidavits taken before the said Commissioners for Appeals are or may be; and for swearing and taking such Affidavit, the Person so empowered or taking the same shall receive a Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence British, and no more.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit taken by any Commissioner authorized as aforesaid, shall be read or made use of before the Commissioners for Appeals, unless the Commissioner or Person who takes-the same shall mention in the Caption thereof the Day of the Manth, and the Year when, and also the Place in the City, Towr, or County, where the same shall be sworn, and that he knows the Deponent, or has been credibly informed and believes that he is the Person mentioned and described in such Affidavit.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Judgement or Sentence of the said Commissioners of Custom* and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or of their Subordinate Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners respectively, or of any other Person or Persons authorized to hear or determine any Matters under this Act, shall be reversed for any Informality, Imperfection, or other Defect in Form, either in the Information, Proceedings, or Judgement exhibited before or given by them respectirelv.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Information shall be commepced and brought to Trial on account of any Seizure made by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Claimcr, and it shall appear to the Court or Judge before whom such Lrformation shall have been tried, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, such Court or Judge may certify on the Record that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, and in such Case the Defendant or Claimer shall not be entitled to any Costs of Suit whatsoever; nor shall the Person or Persons who made such Seizure, or caused the same to be made, be liable to any Action, Indictment/ or other Suit or Prosecution on account of such Seizure: And in case any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution shall be commenced and brought to Trial against any PersonTm account of any Seizure made by such Person under or by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, oreitherof them, and aVcrdift. shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action, Indictment, Suit, or Prosecution shall have been tried, shall certify on the Record that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Suit shall not be entitled to Costs of Suit, nor to more than Two-pence Damages, betides the Thing so seized, or the Value thereof at the Time of the Seizure; nor shall any Defendant or Defendants in any such Indictment or Prosecution be fined in any greater Sum than One Shilling.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners for Appeals to abate or mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall be adjudged against any Person or Persons, Thing or Things, for any Breach of any AftorAfts in force in Ireland^ relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Fort Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them; any Thing in the said n cited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, for settling the Excise or new Irapost on I lis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, within their respective Jurisdictions, or any Three of them respectively, to abate, reduce, or mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which maybefet, imposed, or adjudged for any Offence whatsoever against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Thing: , under the Man; g*ment of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, subject nevertheless to such Rules, Regulations, or Orders reflecting the fame, as the Commissioners for c.ccuting the Office of

3 JLord

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. ic6. 857

Lord High Treasurer in Ireland shall make, pursuant to the Powers vested in them by Law for the Purpose

Provided always, that Care be had that all Duties due to the Crown from the Party on account of the Goods proceeded against, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and that the Informer or Prosecutor be duly encouraged for his Care, Pains, and Discovery, according to the Nature and Quality of the Fraud had, used, and discovered, and according to the Merits of such Informer or Prosecutor.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Chattels whatsoever in the Use, Custody, or Possession All Goods in Of any Person or Persons convicted of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the HolTcffion of Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, offen^a^ioft Or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall and may be distrained by virtue Revenue Laws, of any Warrant or Warrants legally issued against the Goods and Chattels of such Person, for the levying of any made liable to Fine or Penalty iuflided by any such Act or Acts, and shall and may be sold for the Payment of such Fine and DiUrefs. Penalty, without Regard to any Claim which any Person or Persons may have or pretend to have to such Goods and Chattels upon any Account whatsoever.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wdrcs, and Merchandize whatsoever, by Law subject Goods not having and liable to the Payment of any Duty to His Majesty, whether a Duty on the Importation thereof or a Duty Pa,

of Excise, or any Duty whatever, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, nia/bc feiz^d. or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, and on which any Duty due dnd payable to His Majesty, which ought theretofore to have been paid, secured, or satisfied, shall not have been actually paid, secured, or satisfied according to Law, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commimoners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, and the Proof that such Duty has been actually paid, secured, or satisfied, shall in all Cases lie on the Claimant of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which shall be so seized, and not on the Officer seizing the fame,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit, or shall not Officer* may suffer any Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of, reak open Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, to enter or^amfrunw!'^remain in his or their House, Cellar, Vault, Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, or Store Cellar, or other Place or 1 Places, to search for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for which the Duties payable thereupon to His Majesty have not been fully paid or satisfied, and which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize such Officer shall have reasonable Cause to suspect to be concealed or deposited there, in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for every such Officer or Officers, after such Refusal, to break open and enter in the Day-time, in the Presence of a Constable, into any House, Cellar, Vault, Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, or Store Cellar, or other Pl^ce or Places belonging to any such Person, and to search for any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and in case any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be so found, to seize, attach, carry away, and put the same into Tafe Custody.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Customs, and for any Officer* of Officer whatsoever appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, to seize Customs and any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for any Offence or Offences whatsoever against any Act or Acts in force

in Ireland, relating either to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and ^n*Ife

Port Duties, or to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Offence against either of them; and in like Manner, it shall and may be lawful for any Office* of Excise, and for any Officer eiti er Custom* whatsoever appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to seize any Goods, or Excise; and Wares, and Merchandize for any Offence or Offences whatsoever against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, ^e*crj ia

relating either to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, the proper or to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or either ef Jurisdictio». them; any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Trial of the Offence for which such Goods shall be so seized, shall be had, heard, and determined before the Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or before the Commissioners or Sub Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, as the Nature of such Offence shall by Law require.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Have, or otherwise destroy or damage, or cause Penalty on

to be (laved, destroyed, or damaged, any Vessel or Package wherein shall be contained any Goods, Wares, or ^av,

Merchandize, liable to the Payment of any Duty under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the QomlsTo avoid Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, seizure* aoi.

Or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or shall spill, scaster, or destroy, or cause to be spilled, scattered, or destroyed, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so that the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be thereby damaged or loft, in order to prevent the Seizure or distraining thereof, every such Person so offending respectively shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

- on court feued

IGOl.

Inland Excile and Taxes, or either of them, shall have been seized by any Officer, and shall have been refeued or forcibly taken away from the Officer so seizing the fame, every Person who shall knowingly harbour or conceal such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and every Person in whose House or Outhouse, Offices, or Yards, any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be found harboured or concealed, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

46 Geo. III.

5 r.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, liable to the Penalty Payment of any Duties under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of j0<*

Seizure of Goods for which Vouchers are not produced for the Duty ihercftn.

Claims shall be made within Twcmy-one Days after the Seizure on tendering Claims some Place shall be named, at which Notices ip ay be served for Claimants.

On enrering Claim, Security fit all be given for CoAt, £cc.

Kow Affidavit of Owntrship shall be made in case of Claims.

If no Claim ruadc, or if Reqirfi.es are n it c implied with, Goods shall he condemned a« for want of Claim.

Notices may he

p.Mled, if no Person a*; ear to receive them; and Cni-n may be lien id in Absence of Clnim.ru on Affidavit of fejving Notice.

Master of a Ship may claim the Ship a: d Cargo for (he Owners.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person required to produce Vouchers for the Payment of the Duties payable by Law on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in the Possession of such Person, shall fail to produce Vouchers for the Payment of Duty on the whole Quantity of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall examine such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to seize out of any Part of the same a Quantity equal to the Quantity for which no Voucher was so produced; and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so seized shall he deemed as the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for which no such Voucher was produced, and shall be forfeited accordingly, as Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, not having paid the Duties due and payable thereon.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things shall be seized, and a Claim shall be tendered by any Person authorized by Law to make such Claim, such Claim shall, within Twenty-one Days after the Seizure of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Articles or Things, f the Day of Seizure not to be counted as one), be tendered to and lodged with the Collector of Customs or with the Collector of Excise, as the Case may require, for the District within which such Claim shall be made, or with the Registrar of Seizures within the District where any such Registrar shall be appointed, and the Person tendering such Claim shall, at the Foot of such Claim, mention some particular House within such District at which Notices or Summonses shall be left or served for such Claimant with any Person; and all Notices or Summonses served or left for any such Claimant with any Person above the Age of Sixteen Years, residing at such House, as shall be mentioned or expressed at the Foot of such Claim, shall be as effectual as if such Claimant was personally served; and at the Time of the Entry of any such Claim, the Person or Persons who shall enter such Claim shall give Security by Bond to His Majesty, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be previously approved by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, as the Case may require, or by the Collector or other principal Officer of Customs or Excise respectively for the District within which such Claim shall be entered, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or such further Sum, n6t exceeding Three hundred Pounds, as shall be reasonably deemed sufficient by such Commissioners, Collector, or other Officers, to answer and pay the Costs which may be occasioned by such Claim, in case of the Condemnation of such Goods or Merchandize, such Costs to be taxed by the Chief Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy; and as often as any such Claim for any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things, shall be tendered by the Owner or Owners thereof in Person, such Claimant or Claimants shall, at the Time of tendering such Claim, make and sign ap Affidavit before the Collector or Registrar to whom such Claim shall be tendered, that such Claimant or Claimants is or are the true and lawful Owner or Owners of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things so seized and claimed 5 and in case the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things so seized, shall be claimed by any Person or Persons on Behalf of such Owner or Owners, then such Claimant or Claimants shall make and (ign an Affidavit before such Collector or Registrar, that such Claimant or Claimants is or are well acquainted with the Hand-writing of the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are subscribed to the Deputation, Appointment, or Power, by virtue of which such Claim shall be made, and that according to the Belief of such Claimant or Claimants, the Name or Names subscribed to such Deputation, Appointment, or Power, is or are the Hand-writing of the Person or Persons whose Name or Names is or are thereto subscribed, and that such Person or Persons is or are the true and lawful Owner or Owners of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles, or Things so claimed; and all such Affidavits and Deputations shall be deposited with such Collector or Registrar.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things so seized, shall neglect to make a Claim of the same by himself or themselves, or by some Person duly authorized, within Twenty-one Days after the Seizure of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things, (the Day of Seizure not to be accounted as one), or in case any Claimant shall neglect at the Foot of the Claim to mention the House at which Notices or Summonses are to be left or served, or shall refuse or neglect to make such Affidavits, or to give such Security at the Time of the Entry of any Claim in Manner herein-before respectively required, every such Claim shall be deemed void and of no effect; and the Collector or Registrar to whom the same shall be tendered shall not receive the same, and it shall be lawful to x proceed to the Condemnation of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Things so seized, a6 if no Claim whatever had been tendered or made.; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall not be found and appear residing, at the House mentioned at the Foot of any such Claim, some Person above the Age of Sixteen Years, by whom such Notices or Summonses required by Law can be and shall be received, Rich Notices or Summonses shall be respectively polled on the Door of such House, at lead Eight clear Days before the Time appointed for determining such Claims; and if the Claimant shall not appear on the Day mentioned in the Notice or Summons for the Hearing of the Cause, then it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or other Persons authorized to hear and determine such Cause, to hear and determine the fame, as if such Claimant had appeared: Provided always, that due Proof shall be made by the Affidavit of the Person who served or polled such Notice or Summons of the Service or polling thereof, and if polled, that there was not found any such Person residing in such House, on or by whom such Notice or Summons could be served, or received.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo, or any Part thereof, shall be seized for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters, or Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, it shall be lawful for the Mailer or other Person

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 106.

Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo thereof, to claim such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo, or any Part thereof, on Account of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, such Master or Person making an Affidavit before the Officer empowered to receive such Claim, of the Names and Places of Abode of the real Owners and Proprietors thereof, and of the Person or Persons to whom such Ship, Vessel, or Cargo is consigned, and also performing the several Requisites herein-before mentioned, with respect to Persons making Claim to any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize seized as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or the Cargo of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be seized at Sea for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things-under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with the Cargo, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereof, may be taken and conveyed to any such Port in Irehmd as may be thought most safe and convenient, by the Officer or Person or Persons by whom such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or the Cargo thereof, shall or may be so seized; and the Legality of any such Seizure shall and may be heard, tried, and determined in the District within which such Port shall be situate, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, and with such Powers, as if such Seizure had been actually made within such District; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Information shall be filed against any Person, being the Master or Mate, or having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, for any Penalty under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or relating to such Ship or Vessel, or such Person as Master or Mate, or having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, for any Offence committed during the Time he acted as Master or Mate, or the Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to detain the Ship or Vessel of which such Person, against whom such Information shall be filed, is or had been Master or Mate, or shall have had or (Hall have Charge, until the Penalties with which such Person shall be charged shall be paid, or Security given for the Payment thereof by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties in Double such Penalties, before the Collector and Comptroller of the Port in which such Ship or Vessel shall he detained, (which Bond such Coliedor and Comptroller are hereby authorized to take), conditioned to pay such Penalties, in case such Person shall be adjudged to pay the same, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, as the Case may require, to order such Ship or Vessel to be delivered up: Provided always, that upon Acquittal of such Person by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or their Sub-Commissioners respectively, or by the Commissioners of Appeals, in case any Appeal shall be brought, and due Proof made of such Acquittal, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or for the said Commissioners of Appeals, as the Case may require, to order such Bond to be vacated, and the same shall be vacated accordingly.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Information shall be filed against any Person being the Master or Mate, or having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel, and such Ship or Vessel shall be detained as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Officer who shall detain such Ship or Vessel to retain the Possession of such Ship or Vessel, with all her Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition and Furniture, until the Person against whom such Information shall be filed shall lodge in the Office of the Collector of the Customs for the District within which such Information shall be filed, a Notice in Writing, specifying Tome particular House within the District where Notice of Trial shall be left or served; and that all Notices served or left.for such Person or Persons at such House as shall be so mentioned in such Notice, shall be valid in Law, and as effectual as if the Person or Persons against whom such Information shall be filed were personally served with such Notice, in like Manner as is herein provided with respect to Notices of Trial by Persons tendering any Claim.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel shall be condemned for any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, patters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, such Ship or Vessel shall be discharged from all Demands whatsoever for Wages claimed by Mariners for having served on board such Ship or Vessel; any Law, Usage, or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That ft shall not be lawful for any Process to issue at the Suit of any Mariner belonging to any Vessel employed in the Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, against the Commander thereof on account of Prize Money, or Wages due or alledged to be due to such Mariner; any Law, Usage, or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding. h ard

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to convey all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, seized for any Breach of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, from the Place where they have been actually seized in any District in Ireland, to His Majesty's Stores, or some other Place of Security in any neighbouring Difind to which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize can with Safety be conveyed, if the Officer seizing the lame shall think necessary so to do; and the Legality of such Seizure shall and may he hea*d, tried, and determined in such neighbouring District, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, and with such Powers, as if such Seizure had been made within such District; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

5 R 2 XLIV. Provided

*J9

Ships fe'-zed at Sea m iy oc carried n.ro any Port for S set\, and the Seizure shall be tried in the District where such Port is situate.

Ships may he detained for Penalties incurred by the Maker or Mate.

Master of Ship shall name a Place for receiving Notice of Trial.

Ships e »n-detnned shall be dflcharg<-d from Wages.

Process fh.il! not ifTciC t j account of Pritj Money for Mariners in Customs Vessels.

Gc*ris fe z d may be rcmo'ed to Place of Security in a neighboui if)j? Diitridt, and Lcodify of Sri*me may lie

tried within lucJ, DiHiivft,

86o

F'T rrguUting

N »tice of Seizure a: »d Trial, o*Removal of Goo«l> seized.

Parties (with Content of Commissioners of Custom.s or Excite) m«y, apply for Writ of Appraisenu nf, ice.

Goods seized ftnll not be delivered by Replevin, Sec, without Leave of Court of Exchequer.

Where Goods are forfeited, the Packages Dial I be also forfeited.

Regulations for Sale ofperifhable Goods.

C. 106. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such Case a Seizing Note shall be lodged as well in the Office of the Collector of the Customs or Excise/ as the Case may require, for the District in which such Seizure shall have been actually made, as in the Office of such Collector of the District into which such G6ods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be taken and conveyed; and in Case a Claim for the same shall be made within either of such Districts, Notice Hia.il be given to the Person who shall so claim, of the Time and Place when and where such Trial shall be had, Twenty-one Days at the lcall before the Day appointed for such Trial.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and for the Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Vessel respectively, which shall be seized for any Breach of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Cudoms and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of teem, upon producing a Consent in Writing under the Hands of any Three of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively (according as such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or Ship or Vessel, shall have been seized by the Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners ci Inland Excise and Taxes respectively) to apply to the Court of Exchequer in Ire'and for a Writ of Appraisement, to value andappraife such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or such Ship or Vessel so seized, upon which Writ (in case the said Court of Exchequer shall grant the fame) such Proceedings shall and may be had as have been uiual in Cases where by Law Writs of Appraisement have issued 5 and on the Return of the Appraisemem or Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or of such Ship or Vessel, the Party or Parties applying for such Writ of Appraisement, together with Two sufficient Sureties, shall enter into a Recognizance to His Majesty, in Double the Value of such Appraisement, before the Chancellor or one of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or before such other Person or Persons as they or any of them shall appoint, by Commission to be issued out of the said Court of Exchequer, conditioned to pay such appraised Value, and all other Penalties and Forfeitures attending f i^h Seizures, in case tlje said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Ship or Vessel respectively shall be condemned, and conditioned to pay the Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in case the same shall be acquitted, if such Ship or Vessel was bound for, or such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, were intended to be landed at, any Port in Ireland; and thereupon the Chancellor, or any of the Barons of the Exchequer, shall award a Writ of Delivery in the usual Manner for such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for such Ship or Vessel, so seized as aforesaid: Provided always, that upon the final Acquittal of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or of such Ship or Vessel, from such Seizure as aforesaid, by any Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by any Commissioners or Sub-Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any of them, as the Case may require, ori>y the Commissioners for Appeals, in case any Appeal shall be brought, and upon Payment of the Duties due and payable upon the Importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (in case such Ship or Vessel was bound for, or such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, were intended to be landed at, any Port in Ireland), and due Proof made thereof before the said Chancellor or any of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, and Notice given to His Majesty's Attorney General of Ireland for the Time being, the said Chancellor or any of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer shall order the said Recognizance to be vacated, and the same shall afterwards be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Writ of Replevin, Writ of Deliverance, or Writ of Recaption, shall at any Time hereafter be executed without Leave first obtained for that Purpose from the said Court of Exchequer, for any Ship or Vessel, or for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize seized or detained under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, unless such Ship or Vessel, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be first acquitted by due Course of Law.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall b3 forfeited and seizable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Pert Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, all Casks, Cases, Sacks, Bags, and all and every Package end Covering whatsoever in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be found, shall also be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all perishable Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be seized or distrained under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them respectively, shall and may, at any Time after the Seizure or diitraining thereof, notwithstanding any Injunction or other Order from or by the Commissioners for Appeals, whether such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been claimed or not, be sold by Order of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxe9 respectively, or with the Consent of the Owner of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, by Order of One of the said Commissioners respectively, or with such Consent as aforesaid, by Order of the Collector or other Chief Officer of Customs or Excise for the Time being, for the District (except the District of the Port, City, and County of Dublin) in which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been seized or distrained, or into which they shall have been conveyed pursuant to the Provisions of this Act 5 and the Produce arising by and from such Sale shall be accounted for and paid to such Person and Persons respectively as shall be by Law entitled thereto, within One Week after the Expiration of the Time limited by Law for appealing from any Judgement or Proceeding, whereby such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be condenwd or acquitted, or

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 106.

861

in case of an Appeal, within One Week after the Determination of such Appeal; and the Produce arising by and from such Sale, after deducing the Duty due and payable to His Majesty on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, shall be in full Satisfaction of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so seized: Provided always, that Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Beasts of Burthen, shall be deemed to be perishable Goods, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where Two or more Persons shall claim any Right to any Reward on account of any Seizure, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which they may be entitled to, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or such Person as the said Commissioners respectively shall app )int for the Purpose, to hear the several Claims and Demands of such Persons as may think themselves entitled to any Reward on account of any Information, Discovery, or Seizure, and to make an Order for the Distribution of the fame, in such Proportion as may be just, which Order, if made by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively shall be conclusive to the said Parties 5 but if such Order shall be made by such Persons so appointed as aforesaid in any Distri£I, and the Person or Persons making such Claim or Claims shall think himself or themselves injured by such Order, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to appeal from such Order to the said Commissioners respectively; and such Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to redeive such Appeal or Appeals, and to affirm, vary, or amend such Order, in such Manner as rr.av be just; which Affirmance, Variation, or Amendment, made upon such Appeal, dial] be final and conclusive to the said Parties; provided that every such Person who shall so think himself aggrieved or injured, shall make such Appeal within the Space of One Calendar Month next after such Order shall be giveu, and in Default thereof that no Appeal shall he afterwards received.

L. And be it further enacted, That where, by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either or them, any Person is or shall be required to enter into Bond before any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or before any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners, or either of them, in case any such Officer or Officers shall omit or neglect to take such Bond, or shall take the same without its being duly stamped as required by Law, every such Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, or any Clerk of any Collector, or other Person or Persons, shall wilfully destroy, or cause to be destroyed, or shall wilfully obliterate or deface, or cause to be obliterated or defaced, any of the Books of Account appertaining to His Majesty's Revenue, or belonging to the Office of any Collector of Customs or Excise; or if any such Collector, Clerk, or other Person, shall wilfully take away or secrete any such Book, or shall not within Twenty-one Days after Demand made by any Person authorized by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any One of them, by Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, deliver to such Person so authorized all such Books as shall be in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession, and certify upon Oath, if required, that he, she, or they has or have no other such Book appertaining to His Majesty's Revenue which have ljeen secreted, evety such Collector, Clerk, or other Person so offending, shall, upon Conviction thereol upon Indictment or Information, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer Rich Punishment as the Court before whom such Person shall be tried, shall in their Discretion think fit, and such Person shall be and is and are hereby declared to be incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military, or in His Majesty's Revenue.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case such Collector, Clerk, or other Person, shall abscond or conceal himself, so that a personal Demand cannot be made for any such Books of Account, a Notice or Demand in Writing for such Books shall be affixed on the principal Door of the Office of the Colle<stor to whole Office such Books belonged, and shall be published in the Dubl.n Gazette for the Space of Three Calendar Months, and such Notice or Demand, so affixed and published, shall be deemed and taken to be as effectual in Law, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if a personal Demand for such Books hadbeea made on such Collector, Clfcrk, or other Person; and such Collector, Clerk, or other Person may be proceeded against accordingly.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every Abstract and Account relating to the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Pori Duties, or of the said Commissionc'-s of Inland E cife and Taxes, or either of them, transmitted to the proper Officer by or on Behalf of any Collector of Customs or Excise in Ireland, and also every Account relative to the Receipts of such Collector, settled by the Accountant General, or his Deputy, shall, inallA&ionsor Suits commenced or to be commenced against the Sureties of such Collector, be allowed in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of the Debt and Arrears by such Abstract or Account respectively appearing to be due to His Majesty.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Complaint touching*the Conduct of any Officer appointed byorading under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Ta es respectively, shall be made to the said Commissioners respectively, and they shall judge it expedient and necessary to enquire into the Conduct of such Officer or Officers, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners respectively, or any Officers by them respectively authorized for the Purpose, to proceed to examine into the Matter of such Charge, by summoning or causing Parties and Witnesses to \tc summoned to appear before them, by Summons in Writing under the Hand of any of the said Comir.issioners respectively, or such Officers authorized as aforesaid, such Summons to be left at the ufuffi Place of Abode of such Parties or Witnesses, and to examine such Witnesses upon Oath; and in case any Person duly summoned as aforesaid to he a Witness and to give Testimony as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or shall refuse to make

Oativ

How Disputes between Officer*, i ripening Pro-pii tions of Penalties, shall be determined.

Penalty on Officers neglect-i'-g to t.tkc Bonds duly stamped, oh

Penalry on

Collector, destroying or concealing, or lefufing to deliver up Books ef Accounts on Notice and Demand, Milderac*nor»

Mode of piving

such No'ice wneu Clle&orf 6c c absconds.

Abftn&* and

At countsfh.il! bfr Evidence against Collectors.

On Esquire into

Mtfcomh'dt of (J fc is, Wir-mfics lum molted-lh.nl niiciul and give Evidence.

A.D. 1806.

Officer asking or raking Bribe shall be guiliy of Misdemeanor, and be incapacitated; and Pci ton ©ffeiingorgivi.-g, li.thle to Penalty of 500l.

Officer* refitted uuj oppose Hafcc to Force.

AM Subjects required toiim Revenue O&cetu

46* Georgii hi.

Oath concerning the Matter in Question, or making Oath shall refute to answer any Question which shall be put to him or her touching the Matter in Question, such Person shall, for every Time he or she shall so offend, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: Provided always, that no Person or Persons who may give Testimony concerning any Matter which shall be enquired into, shall be subject and liable to any Forfeiture, Fine, or Punishment, which he, she, or they may have respectively incurred or be ! abject to, by reason of any Criminality in such Person or Persons in the Matter so enquired into, or be in anywise prosecuted or sued for the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer appointed by, or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall directly or indirectly, by himself or any Person for his Use and Benefit, make any collusive Seizure, or shall deliver up, or shall make any Agreement to deliver up, or not to seize any Ship or Vessel, or any Goods liable to Forfeiture under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them; or if any Officer appointed by or a6ling under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall by himself, or by any other I erson ask, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive, any Bribe, Fee, Gratuity, Recompence, or Reward, or any Promise thereof, for the Non-performance or Neglect of his Duty, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise ana Taxes, or either of them, or for the Performance of his Duty, other than such Salary, Recompence, Reward, or Gratuity as shall be allowed by the said Commissioners respectively, every such Officer so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof upon Indidt-ment or Information, be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer such Punishment as the Court before whom such Person shall be tried, shall in their Discretion think lit, and such Person fhalPbe and is hereby declared to be incapable of serving His Majesty in any Office or Employment, Civil or Military, or in His Majesty's Revenue; and if any Person whatsoever shall directly or indirectly give or offer, or promise to give any Fee, Bribe, Recompence, or Reward to, or shall make or attempt to make any collusive or other Agreement with, any such Officer, to do, conceal, or connive at any Act or Acts, whereby the Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to any of the Revenues, Matters, ard Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, may or shall be evaded or broken, or whereby any Duty payable to His Majesty may or shall be withheld* or evaded, every such Person shall for each and every such Offence (whether the said Offer, Promise, or Agreement shall be accepted or performed or not) forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and any Licence previously granted to any such Person or Persons to manufacture or deal in any evcifeable Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall, on Conviction for such Offence, become absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes, and such Person or Persons shall from thenceforth be incapable of having or taking any such Licence in future.

LVI. And, for the more effectual Protection of Officers of the Revenue in the Discharge of their Duty; be it enacted, That if any Person or Person1: , armed with Guns, Pillols, Cutlasses, Clubs, Sticks, or other onenfive Weapons, shall hinder, molest, or resist any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, or any-Officer or Officer* appointed by oradling under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, in the Execution of his or their Duty, by beating, maiming, or wounding any such Officer or Officer: ., or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Assistance, it shall and may be lawful for any such Officer or Officers, and all Persons by them called to their Affifiance, who are so refilled or meddled, to oppose Force to Force, and to endeavour to defend himself or themselves, and to execute the Duty of his or their Office; and if any Person or Persons so hindering, molesting, or refilling as aforesaid, any such Officer or Officers, or his or their Assistants, shall in so doing be wounded, maimed, or killed, and such Officer or Officers, or his or their Assistants, shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for or on account of such wounding, maiming, or killing, such Officer and Officers, and Person or Persons acting in his or their Assistance, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his and their Defence; and all His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and other Justices and Persons having competent Authority, before whom any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Assistance, shall or may be brought for or on account of any such wounding, maiming, or killing as ^foresaid, are hereby authorized and empowered, enjoined and required, to admit every such Officer and Officers, Person and Persons so brought before him or them, to Bail; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs, Sovereigns, Constables, Headboroughg, and all the King's Majesty's Officers, Mimilers, and Subjects, serving under His Majesty, by Commission, Warrant, or otherwise in Ireland, shall be aiding and assisting, to all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be appointed to manage or collect the Revenues under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, and the Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioner* respectively, and their respective Deputies, in the due Execution of all and every Act and Thing required and enjoined by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues respectively, and the due Collection thereof; and all such Persons as shall be aiding and assisting unto them in the due Execution thereof, shall be defended and saved hannless by virtue of this Act; and the proper Officers of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland are hereby authorized, on Application made to them by any known Solicitor of the said Revenues, or either of them, upon the producing an Order signed by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or any Three of them, as the Case may require, to issue Writs of Assistance under the Seal of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to authorize the Officers of Customs or

it Excise

863

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 106.

Excise respectively, to require and demand the Aid and Assistance of His Majesty's Officers, Ministers, and Subjects, as herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that such Writs of Amftance shall not be granted to any Officer under the Degree of a Surveyor, unless such Officer shall have a written Order, signea by some superior Officer, appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, of the Degree of a Surveyor at least.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable shall refuse or neglect to attend and assist any Officer penalty appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Conitabie reprimand Excise and Taxes, or either of them, in the Execution of his Duty, upon Request made by such Officer «<ig or negleain* in any Matter relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners or

respectively, where by Law the Presence of a Constable is made necessary, such Constable shall for every such j^Tifonm^nt. Refusal or Negledi forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof, shall suffer Three Months Imprisonment.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Constable or other Peace Officer, Constable may who shall have begun to assist any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or any Officer appointed by or acting under continue Aflitu the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or ance into neigh-either of them, in the Execution of his Duty, in any Place where such Constable or other Peace Officer shall bouringDiftridt*-, have Jurisdiction by Law, to continue such his Assistance in any other Place; and he shall be deemed a Constable, and have Jurisdiction accordingly in such last mentioned Place for the Purpose of continuing such Assistance.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy, or any Officer or Perfom opposing Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Com- 01 obstructing niissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, being on Shore, or going on board, of returning from Officers, 'gu, 1'cY on board, or being on board any Ship, Boat, or Vessel within the Limits of any Port, Plarbour, or Creek of °nCjnV C- Ireland, or within Eight Leagues from the Coast of Ireland, shall be opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, by any Person or Persons, either by Day or by Night, every such Person or Persons so opposing, obftnufting, or assaulting the said Officer or Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, and all such as shall act in his or their Aid or Assistance, shall and may be carried and conveyed before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended, and such Justices shall, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, commit such Person to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the next Court of Oyer and Terminer dr Gaol Delivery, or until such Person shall be delivered by due Course of Law 5 and in case an Indictment shall be found against such Person or Persons, such Person or Persons shall forthwith plead thereto without having Time to traverse the fame, and if duly convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer such Punishment as shall be awarded by the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that any Person shall be appointed or directed Officers specially by the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and appointed, shall Taxes respectively, to do, perform, or execute any Business or Duty in Matters relating to the Revenues, ^cC°J*0, d*rcd* Mattei*s, 'and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the officers, said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, the Person so appointed or directed shall, to all.

Intents and Purposes, be held and considered to be the proper Officer for the Purposes for which he was so*appointed or directed; and that in any Matter or Suit relating to the Duty performed by the Person so appointed

or directed, all Books and Papers of such Person so appointed or directed shall, to all Intents and Purpose9, be deemed and taken to be, and shall be read and admitted in Evidence as, the Books and Papers of the proper Officer.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon the Shore or on board any Ship, Vesselj Penally for or Boat, shall maliciously (hoot at or upon any Ship, Vessel, or Boat belonging to His Majesty's Navy, or in the at

Service of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners 01 Inland Excise and officer!*

Taxes within the Limits of any Port, Harbour, or Creek of Ireland, or within Eight Leagues from any Part of Felony without the Coast of Ireland; or if any Person or Persons being 011 Shore or on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall Clergy, maliciously (hoot at, maim or wound any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy, or any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of /

Inland Excise and Taxes, whether attempting to go on board, or being on board, or returning from on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or otherwise acting in the due Execution of his or their Duty on Shore, or within the Limits of any Port, Harbour, or Creek of Ireland, or within Eight Leagues from any Part of the Coast of Ireland; or shall maliciously (hoot at, maim, or wound any Person or Persons aiding or assisting such Officer 01*

Officers in the Execution of his or their Duty as aforesaid, then every Person so offending, and all and every Person being aiding, abetting, or assisting therein, shall, being thereof legally convicted, be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be charged with being guilty of any oftEe Penalty on Offences made Felony by this Act, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or before One of pffen^cr* not His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, if the Offence be committed in Ireland, or within the whetTindidfed, Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, by Information of One or more and required to credible Person or Persons upon Oathby him or them to be subscribed, and shall be indicted for the same in the County surrender by the where the Offence shall have been committed, if committed within the Body of any County, or in any County in £rivy Council; Ireland^ if the Offence shall have been committed at Sea, and within Eight Leagues of the Co?t thereof, the Clerk of wllhoul

the Crown where such Indictment shall be found, shall return such Indictment and Information to the Clerk of His Crg^'

Majesty's

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

appfchcnd-cd alter Time fox furenHer, may plead ore tenus that be was ©ur of the Kingdom.

Pen dty on concealing ./Offender* .proclaimed: Felony

punilr*.hie by Transponation.

Offenders may fee proceeded against by due Courife of L: .w.

Penalty on eppofing Officer in seizing Goods rdestroying, &c. Goods seized; first Offence, tool, second, Transporttiioo.

Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council in Ireland, or his Deputy or Deputies^ who is and are hereby required to lay the fame, as soon a9 conveniently may be, before the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, and the Privy Council of Ireland, whereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, for the Time being, to make his or their Order in the said Privy Council, thereby requiring and commanding such Offender or Offenders to surrender him, her, or themselves, within the Space of Forty Days after the first Publication thereof in the Dublin Gazette, to the Lord Chief Justice, or any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, or to any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Ireland, if the Offence be committed in Ireland, or within the Limits of any of t!ie Ports thereof, cr within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof, wrho is hereby required, upon such Offender or Ofield.ts surrendering him, her, or themselves, to commit him, her, or them, without Bail or Mainprise, to the County Gaol, or to the Gaol or Prison of the Place where he, she, or they shall surrender, to the End that he, she, or they may be forthcoming to answer the Offence or Offences wherewith he, she, or they shall stand charged, according to due Course of Law; wrhich Order the said Clerk of His Majesty's said Privy Council, or his Deputy or.deputies, shall eause to be forthwith printed and published in Two successive Dublin Gazettes, to be forthwith transmitted to the Sheriff of the County where the Offence shall be committed, if the same shall be committed in any County; and if the Offence shall not be committed in any County, but within the Limits of any Port as aforesaid, or within Eight Leagues of the Coasts of any Part of Ireland\ to be transmitted to the Sheriff of any County in Ireland, near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, which Sheriff shall, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt thereof, cause the same to be proclaimed between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, in the Market Places, upon the respective Market Days of the Two Market Towns in the same County in which or near to the Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and a true Copy of such Order shall be affixed upon some publick Place in such Market Towns; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not surrender himself, herself, or themselves, pursuant to such Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to be made in Council as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing to surrender him, her, or themselves as aforesaid, or escaping after such Surrender, shall, from the Day appointed for his, her, or their Surrender as aforesaid, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be convicted and attainted of Felony, and shall suffer Pains of Death as in Cases of a Person convicted and attainted by Verdict and Judgement of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, if the Offence be charged to have been committed in Ireland, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of King's Bench, or the Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery for the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be, to award Execution against such Offender or Offenders, in such Manner as if he, she, or they, had been convicted and attainted in the said Court of King's B nch, or before such Justices of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery respectively, if the Offence be charged to have been committed within-Ireland, or within the Limits of any of the Por.s thereof, or within Eight Leagues of the Coast thereof.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person so neglecting or refusing to surrender himself, herself, or themselves as aforesaid, to plead ore tenus in Arrest of such Execution, that he or she was at the time of iffuingfuch Proclamation, and continued to be until the Expiration of such Forty Days as aforesaid, out of Ireland, and shall aver that he or she did not fly for the Offence w here-with he or she shall stand charged as aforesaid, and thereupon a Jury shall be impannelled to try and determine such Plea 5 and if such Plea shall be found for the Prisoner or Prisoners, then and in such Case he, she, or they shall forthwith plead to the Indictment for the Offence wherewuth he, she, or they shall stand charged as aforesaid, and shall be tried for such Offence in like Manner as if he she or they had surrendered himself, herself, or themselves in due Time after such Proclamation as aforesaid.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, after the Expiration of the Time appointed as aforesaid for the Surrender of any such Offender, harbour, receive, conceal, aid, abet, or succour such Offender knowing him or her to have been so charged as aforesaid, and lo have been required to surrender by such Order or Orders as aforesaid, and not to have surrendered pursuant to such Order or Orders, every such Person being prosecuted for the same within One Year after such harbouring, receiving, concealing, aiding, abetting, or succouring, and lawfully convicted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Space of Seven Years: Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent or hinder any Judge, Justice of the Peace, Magistrate, Officer, or Minister of Justice, from taking, apprehending, and securing any such Offender, for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid, by the ordinary Course of Law; and if any such Offender, for requiring whose Surrender such Order in Council shall be made as aforesaid, shall be taken and secured in order to be brought to Justice before the Expiration of the Time within which such Offender shall be required to surrender by such Order in Council, then and in such Case no further Proceedings shall be had upon such Order made in Council against such Offender so taken and secured as aforesaid, but such Offender shall be brought to Trial by due Course of Law.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shallaffault or beat any Officer appointed by or adingunder the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland E.xcise and Taxes, or any Assistant of any such Officer, in the seizing, distraining, or securing any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or shall by Force or Violence refeue or carry away, or shall procure to be refeued or carried away any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize after such Seizure, Distraining, or Securing, or shall, at or after such Seizure, Distraining, or Securing, defiroy or damage such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Part of them, then and in

every

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 1 ©6. 865

every such Case every Person so offending, being thereof legally convicted, shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and upon Failure of Payment thereof shall suffer Imprisonment for the Space of Twelve Calendar Mohths, and for the Second Offence shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall be arrested or taken before any Justice RecoghtMnc* #f of the Peace for any Offence declared to be a Misdemeanor by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to I'artie* charged she Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Pott wish Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, such Person shall in no Case mcaaors* be admitted to Bail, unless he shall first enter into a Recognizance, wilhTwo sufficient Sureties, to His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Sureties in One hundred Pounds each, conditioned that such Person shall appear at the then next ensuing Court of Oyer and Terminer or General Gaol Delivery to be holden for the County in which the Offence was committed, or for which the Justice before whom he shall be brought shall act, and shall there answer and plead to any Indictment which may be found for such Misdemeanor, without traveling the fame, and such Recognizance shall forthwith be transmitted to the Clerk of Assize, or other proper Officer of the Cou.t of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery for such County

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted by Indictment, or otherwise Limitation (or for any Offence declared to be a Misdemeanor by this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in rrcland % relating to pmfecuting the Revenues of Customs or E'cife, or any of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners Mifdcmeinori, of Customs and Port Duties, or of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, unless the ^wocar*' Prosecution for such Offence shall be commenced within Two Years next after the Offence committed.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Writ or Process shall be sued out against any Officer or Officers Notice of Aflio* of Customs or Excise, or against any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners against Oftictn. of Customs and Port Duties, or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, or against any Person or Persons acting by Order, or in Aid of such Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution, or by Reason of this oi any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, until One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the usual Place of his or their Abode, by or from the Attorney or Agent for the Person who intends or intend to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid* in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained and expressed the Cause of Action, the Time when, and Place where such alledged Cause of Action shall have accrued, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action is intended to be brought, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Actorney or Agent.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Officer or Officers, or Tender of Other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time Amend*, within One Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, to tender or cause to be tendered Amends to the Person or Persons complaining, or to his, her, or their Attorney or Agent; and in case such Amends shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him or them grounded upon such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea or Pleas, with Leaveof the Court in which such Action mail be brought; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants 5 and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff or 1 laintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue such Action* or in case Judgement shall be given for such Pefendant or Defendants upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to the like Costs as he or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the General Issue only 5 and if upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendant* on such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs. f

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Case where an Action' Notice fl»*R shall be founded on any Act done by the Defendant or Defendants, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence contain every of any Cause of such Action, except such as shall be contained in such Notice to be given as aforesaid; nor shall *use of A&iosi any Verdict be given against such Defendant or Defendants, unless it shall be proved, on the Trial of such Action, that such Notice was given 5 and in Default of such Proof, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have a Verdict, and recover Costs as aforesaid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons payment of acting in his or their Aid, shall neglect to tender Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Money into*Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be Court, brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into such Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit (liafll be brought and commenced Limitation of against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing by him or thpmBone in the Execution or by reason of any M/Urers*dune Act or Acts in Force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues Matters, and Things, under the Management of the un(jer Revenue^said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Act*. either of them, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the alledged Cause

of Action shall accrue, and shall be laid in the pnupur County* where such alledged Cause of Action shall have _0*nPT3i

arisen, and the Defendant or Defendant* in such Action may plead the General Issue 5 or in case the Action shall _jicbic g<*; J fee an Action of Replevin, may avow generally that he or they took the Goods in the Declaration mentioned, as 46 Geo. III. 5 S an

C. 106.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Notice by Defender! of producing any ftecurd.

Notice ef Trial in all such AAiciJJ.

jComrsitfioners of Customs a«d L.'cil empowered to take Lands ft: Lighthouses.

Fower for

cool polling'

Persons to abfpose of Lands.

ai> Officer or Officers appointed by or adding under the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Dutie69 or the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, as the Case may be, and may give such Act or Acts, and t«.e speciaTMatter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by Authority of such Act or Acts; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their A drion or Prosecution, or if Judgement fr ail be given against such plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants frail have Treble Costs against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs: Provided always, that such Officer or Officers, his or their Attorney or Attornies, shall, at lead Fourteen Days before such Trial, in case such Officer or Officers shall on such Trial give any Record or Records in Evidence, give Notice in Writing to the Plaintiff, or his or her Attorney, what Record or Records he or they intend to give in Evidence on such Trial.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Suits and Actions for any Matter or Thing done in the Execution or by Reason of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in every such Suit or Action, shall give Notice of rl rial at left ft Twenty Days before the Trial of any such Action or Suit, to the Defendant or Defendants, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, and that in like Manner if the Trial of any such Suit or Action shall be brought on by Proviso, the like Notice frail be given by such Defendant or Defendants to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and his or their Attorney or Attornies.

LXXV. ' And Whereas it is necessary that the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the said ' Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, frould be enabled to take Lands and Tenements for building Houses, Offices, Warehouses, Lighthouses, Watch Houses, or other Accommodations for the Business of the Revenue I Be it enacted, That it frail be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politick and Coroorate, Tenants in Tail, Tenants for Life, Infants by their Guardians, and the Guardians and Committees of Lunaticks and Idiots, Femes Covert with their Husbands, by Leases or Deeds indented and inrolled, to demise for any Term of Years to His Majesty, or to the said Commissioners respectively for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners respectively, or any Three of them respectively, frail appoint, in Trust, and to and for the Use of His Majesty, any Lands not exceeding in any one Place Six Acres, Plantation Measure, with the Tenements thereon, together with such Passage or Road as may be necessary to such Buildings, not exceeding Twenty-one Feet in Breadth, without Fine or other Consideration, save only the yearly Rent reserved: Provided always, that if such Land be any Part of any Fair, Green, or Market Place, or within the Precincts of any* City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Manor, having a Right to return Citizens or Burgesses to Parliament, or of any Quay, Pier, or Dock, or any Part of any Town or Village actually built upon any Part of a Demefhef or of any Lawn, Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or of any Park or Paddock for Deer, not more of such Land shall be demised than is absolutely necessary for such Purposes as aforesaid 1 Provided always, that no Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, redding on or inhabiting such Lands on Tenements so taken, frail have, acquire, or exercise any Right of voting for Members to serve in Parliament for \>r by reason of such inhabiting or Residence.

LXXVI. And, in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to demise such Lands or Tenements as aforesaid, for the Purpose of building Lighthouses only, to the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners respectively, for the Time being, or any Three of them respectively shall appoint, or in case any Difference concerning the Rent for any Lands or Tenements shall arise between the Persons interested therein and the said. Commissioners respectively, or the Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid; be it enacted, That the said Commissioners respectively, or such Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, may apply to the Justices of Assize at the next General Assizes to be holden for the respective Counties, Towns, and Cities where such Grounds shall respectively lie; oriin case such Grounds (haM lie in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, then the said Commissioners respectively, or such Persons may apply to the Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace at the next General Session or Adjournment thereof, to be held in and for the said County, or to the Recorder of the County of the City of Dublin, as the Case may be 5 and the Justices of the said Affixes* or Chairman of the said Sessions, or Recorder, respectively, shall upon Application, cause a Jury to be then and there hnpannelled by the Sheriff of such County, and cause such July to be sworn well and truly to assess the Valne of such Lands or Tenements, and the Rent to be given for the lame, to the respective Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, according to their respective Interests therein 5 and the respective Parties shall have their lawful Challenges 5 and the said Jury being so sworn, shall, after Evidence on Oath given to them, by their Verdi dl ascertain the Rent to be paid for such Lands or Tenements to the respective Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, according to their respective Interests therein, and the said Justices or Chairman, or Recorder respectively, shall give Judgement thereon, which Verdict and Judgement shall be conclusive, and finally bind all Parties; and after such Veididl and Judgement, the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they or any Three of them shall appoint, shall hold and enjoy such Lands or Tenements for the Use of His Majesty, during such Term as the said Commissioners shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such yearly Rent as shall be adjudged in Manner aforesaid; and all Rents to be awarded by any Jury for such Lands or Tenements, shall be duly paid by the Collectors of the Districts in which the Lands respectively lie, to the Persons entitled to receive the same: Provided always, that Notice in Writing shall be served upon the Person or Persons interested in such Lands or Tenements, or left at his or their last Place of Abode, Thirty Days at lead before tire said Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, or Adjournment thereof, specifying the Lands and Tenements, intended to be. valued, and that Application will be made to the Justices, Chairman, or Recorder aforesaid, as the Case may be,

to,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGrII III. C. 106, 107.

*67

to have such Lands and Tenements valued as aforesaid, and that due Proof be made at such Assizes or Sessiong of the Service of such Notice.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Contract, Note, Bill, Bond, Judgement, Mortgage, or dther Security whatever, entered into, made, given, or executed by aHy Person or Persons, where the Whole or any Part of the Consideration of any such Security shall be for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, subject and liable to any Duty on the Importation thereof, or to any Duty of Excise, or to any Duty whatever, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Pert Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, and on which such Duties shall not be fully paid or satisfied, or which shall have been illegally imported, shall, as between the Parties to any such Security, and as to all and every Person and Persons having Notice that any such Security was entered into, made, given, or executed for Goods, Wares, ofr Merchandize, the Duties on which were not fully paid or satisfied, or which were illegally imported, be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which an Oath or Affidavit is by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, at either of them, required to be taken or subscribed, if the Person required to take or subscribe the same fh dl be a known Quaker, then and in every such Case the Officer or Officers empowered by Law to administer such Oath, of to take such Affidavit, shall, in lieu thereof, administer and receive the solemn Affirmation of such known Quaker; any Act or Acts to the contrary not with ft anding.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Affidavit, Oath, or Affirmation, is by this Act or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, required and directed to be taken or subscribed, or to be administered or received, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or other Person or Persons by or before whom such Oath or Affirmation is required to be administered taken or subscribed, and such Officer or other Person or Persons is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, to administer and receive such Oath or Affirmation accordingly; and if any Person who shall take or subscribe any such Oath or Affirmation shall wilfully and knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath, Affidavit, or Affirmation, every such Person, being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains, and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland\

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or either of them, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency; and shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied, and applied in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, Hy this Act, or in and by the said Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by the said Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the said Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His said late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling the Subfdie of Poundage, and granting a Suljidie of Tunnage and other Sums of Money unto His Royal Maiefiie, His Heirs and Successors, the same to be paid upon Merchandizes imported and exported into or out of the Kingdom of Ireland, according to a Book of Rates hereunto annexed, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as ifthe same were particularly mentioned and expressed, and re-enacted in this Act 5 with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as is provided in and by the said Act of Excise, or by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, or either of them.

" Forfeitures and Offences incurred or committed before September 29, x S06, shall be puofecuted for under Aftl " in force at the Time of the passing of this Act. §81.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act Thall commence and take Effect upon and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six.

Security for Tmup^Kd Good* tied red void as between the paitic*.

Queer's T

Affirmation TMff be accept d in lieu of an Oath.

Officers required to administer Oaths empowered fj to do. Penalties om Perjury.

Alt Penalties under Revenut Laws shall be payable in v British Currency! recovers b e undjtr this Act. (See §8, 9» See, ) or under Customs and Excite Aifh, r{

15, Car. 2* c. 8, 9.

Commencement

U the Ad.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the.r last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execufim an All of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Penftons, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, JMalt, Tobacco, and Snuffi in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and jive; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present' Majesty, for granting an Aid so His Majesty by a Land Tax,

5 S z to

868

45 0. 3- 4*-

3« G. 3.e. 5.

46 G. 3. c. 3.

No Mtflakes, in the Spelling of Names, shall vitiate the Appointment.

Person* appointed under recited Atf, or t»is Act, shall be qualified at requited by 38G.3.CC. 5, 48.

Where Quati-ication cunfiflt of Personal Estate, Commissioner may ft where he ft all have been taxed, and paid tin the last, AficfiTnocnf.

Aftt ^oneunder recited Acts by Commissioners trot named, or not property wrmei', in

45 G* 3- c. 4$> declared valid, &c.

107.', " 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

so be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England\ and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and SnutFin Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, aUo the said Act made in the Thirty*eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have'acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

[16th July 1806 ]

WHEREAS it is expedient to rectify Mistakes made in the naming or describing of Persons appointed Commissioners by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, /n A3 for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty 4 a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuffy in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and five; and an Act mad in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and there may be Occasion to appoint other Persons to put id Execution the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and also an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty m Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, /or the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred andfix A May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons herein after named shall and may, and are hereby empowered and authorized, to put in Execution the said Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained, at Commissioners in and for the several and respective Counties and Places of Great Britain, herein after severally and respectively mentioned and expressed, as if they had been named with the other Commissioners in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and properly described therein; (that is to say),

[Here follow in the Act the Names of the several Persons appointed Commissioners for the several Counties and Places in England, Wales, and Scotland.]

And ho Mistake in the Spelling of the Christian or Surname of any Person, or of any Place, mentioned in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or this Act, shall be construed to vitiate the Appointment of such Person to be a Commissioner, so that the Person or Place mentioned be designated therein to common Intent and Understanding; or to subject any Person so designated to any Pains, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for his aftingin the Execution of the Acts herein mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several Persons appointed by the said Act, or this Act, shall severally have the Qualifications required by an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and n'nety eight; and also of an Act of the same Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in this prefect Session of Parliament* intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eights as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners; and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts respectively.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, in any City, Liberty, or Place, the Qualification shall consist of Personal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required by the said Acts, or either of them, to act as such Commissioner, in all Cases, where such Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the last Arteflment then made for such City, Liberty, or Place, by virtue of any Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions* Offices, and Personal Estates in England, passed before the making of such Assessment, any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas several Persons may have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts without having been properly named as Commissioners by the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

4. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugur,

Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tsar One thousand eight hundred and five; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax+ 4 to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and others

named 10 former Acts of Parliament to be Commissioners, may have been omitted in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and may have acted as aforesaid, before Notipe of such Omission: And Whereas it is expedient that such Persons should be indemnified for such acting, and that all Acts by them done should be confirmed and made valid be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts done by any such Persons in the Execution of the said Acts, or of any other Acts to be executed by such Commissioners, shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid; and that all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against a#y Person or Persons for or by reason of such acting, are declared to be void by virtue of this Act, and shall

5

A.D. 1866.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 107 — no,

be aim/hed and determined, and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of such acting, such Person or Persons may plead the General issue, and giwe this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[21st July 1806.]

<c4 Lists of Gaolers shall contain the Names of Persons in Custody on ill February 1806, §1. — Persons being u Prisoners on said 1st February 1806, and having so continued; till tke passing this Act, for Debts not exceeding* J , 5001. shall be discharged on conforming to the Act, §4, &c. — The Act does not extend to Scotland, §64."

[Srr Geo. 3. c. 108, to which this Act is nearly fimlar.]

CAP. CIX.

An Act for reducing the Bounty payable on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain> and for allowing the like Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar Candy, as is payable on refined, Sugar.

[21st July 1806.]

EAS by ^n Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for

3-

granting to His Majesty during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration 46 G.

thereof, by a Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and §9*

Merchandize, imported into, and exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, certain

additional Bounties are to be paid and allowed upon the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, to be calculated at and after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds in Money, on the Produce,

and Amount of whatever Bounty may be due and payable on any such refined Sugar respectively, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the Exportation thereof, exclusive of the Produce and.

Amount of the additional Bounty on such Sugar, granted by an Act of the Forty third Y^ar of the Reign.

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the 43 G. 3. c. 7*.

Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain: And whereas the Produce and Amount of the additional Bounty granted by an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and for Six Months 44 G. 3. c. 53.

after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation,

4 of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into Great Britain, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, Should also_have been excluded from the Sum, on which the raid

additional Bounty is to be computed be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said additional Bounty of Fifteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds in Money of the uroduce and Amount of former Bounties, shall not be calculated upon the Produce and Amount of the Bounty on refined Sugar, granted by the said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas it is expedient to allow the like Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar tandy, as is now due

and payable upon the Exportation of refined Sugar in Lumps and Loaves, ' be it therefore further enacted,

That the like Bounty which is now due and payable upon refined Sugar in the Loaf complete, and Whole or Lump duly refined, exported from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be paid and allowed upon the Exportation from thence of all Sugar called Candy, properly refined and manufactured and free from i'irt and Scum, and such Bounty shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations,

Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, (except where any Alteration is made by this Act) as any Bounty upon such Candy was heretofore paid or allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Bounty shall be paid or allowed upon any such Candy, unless the same shall have been packed in the King's Warehouse, at the Port or Place from whence the same is intended to be shipped for Exportation, in the rFefence of the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs who shall be appointed or directed for that Purpose, by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Three, or more of them for the Time being 5 and such Officer and Officers are hereby authorized and required to attend the packing thereof, and to mark and seal every Package with his or their official Seal.

Additional Bounty of 15 I. pet Cent, under 46 G. 3. c. 42, 'shall not bo calculated on the Amount of Bounty, under 44 G. 3. c. 53.

The like Bounty shall he allowed on the Exportation of .Sugar-Candy at on refined Loaf Sug*r.

Custotn-houfit Officers shall be prrfent at packing Sugar-Candy (or Exportation.

CAP. CX.

An Act for granting during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[2rft July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is exj/edient that the Bounty now payable upon the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures

of Great Britain Should be increased, ' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be paid or allowed to any Person or 'Additional Persons, who, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the present' Bounty of War, and until Six Month§ after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, 3i b <>» id.,

shall

70

C. 110 — ii2i

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

p«r Cent. on Amount of toimer Bounties wi Brnish Silk tu; inufd«51urcs l^cithcti in

1. C. 1 C.

i i.

shall really and du'y export from Great Britain, by way of Merchandize, any of the Cobda or Commodities of the Silk Manufacture of Great Britain particularly specified in an Act passed in the Eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Silk MauufaSures of this Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Merchandises exported 5 and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace\ Cloves, and Nutmegs imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance on any Suits brought on their Policies shall be liable only to Single Damages and Cojls of Suit; the Allowances or Sums of Money hereafter mentioned, in Addition to the / llowances or Bounties payable by Law in respect thereof 5 that is to say, an Allowance or Additional Bounty, 11 and after the Rate of Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Allowances or Bounties now payable in respect of any such Goods or Commodities exported as aforesaid.

<( Additional Bounty shall be paid as former Bounties, §2.

P* c*t' 5* /

skit StJ/ton.]

Hi* M: tjesty, by Order in Council, during the War, may authorize the Impoication and Exportation of Good* (to be (pcciticri in the.Crder) inta and fnim the Wi.fi Indies and South Atnciica, in friendly Vessels.

Pruviso as to Che Impotunon Util Exportation of certain £1 tides.

Adone under such Order shall be valid.

*6 G. $. c. 7T.

13. direct ng

that Prosecutions in Comts of kecord for Penalties iclating to Custoiruuur

CAP. CXI.

An Act for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War, and for Si* Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships, into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

[21st July .1806.]

WHEREAS during the late and the present War, Emergencies have at various Times arisen, essentially affecting the necessary Supply of the British West India Islands, and of Lands and Territories belonging to His Majesty on the Continent of South America; and it has been found expedient and necessary, for the Trade and Commerce of the said Islands, Lands, and Territories, and for the Support of the Inhabitants thereof, that 'Certain Articles should be allowed to be imported into and expoited from the said Islands, Lands, and Territories, in Ships and Vessels belonging to Subjects of States in Amity with His Majesty; and Permission has accordingly from Time to Time been granted to this Effect by His Majesty's Governors or Lieutenant Governors of the said islands and Territories: And Whereas the several Orders, Proclamations, and Amade, issued, and done in that Behalf, being against the Provisions of divers Acts of Parliament, have nevertheless, on Account of the Expediency and Necessity thereof, been from Time to Timejuftified and indemnified by divers Act passed for that Purpose: And Whereas it is proper that Provision should be made for meeting such Emergencies in future, without the Necessity of frequent* Violations of the Law by His Majesty's Officers appointed and sworn to administer and execute the same; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lcrds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tl e fame, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, and His I eirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His and their Privy Council, to permit or to authorize the Governors and Lieutenant Governors of the said Islands and Territories, in such Manner and under such Restrictions as to His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, shall seem fit, to permit, when the Necessity of the Case mail appear to His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council to require it, from Time to Time during the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Treaty of Peace, the Importation into and the Exportation from any Island in the West Indies, (in which Description the Bahamss Mlands and the Bermuda or Somer Islands are included) or any Lands or Territories on the Continent of South y merica to His Majesty belonging, of any such Articles, Goods, and Commodities, as shall be mentioned in f ch Order of His Majesty in Council, in any Ships or Vessels belonging to the Subie&s of any State in Amity with His Majesty, ih such Manner as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. by and with the Advice aforesaid, shall dire# 5 provided such Ships or Vessels mall duly enter into, report, deliver their respective Cargoes, and re-load at such Ports only where regular Custom Houses shall have been established.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to the Importation of any Articles, Goods, or Commodities, Staves and Lumber excepted, which are not the Growth or Produce of the Country to which such bhips or Vessels, as are proviffonally permitted under this Act to import them, shall belong; nor to the Export in such Foreign Vessels of any Sugar, Indigo, Cotton, Wool, Coffee, or Cocoa.

III. And be it further enacted, That all A£U done by virtue of the above-mentioned Permission or Authority, shall be valid and legal, any former Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to amend the Laws of Excise, so far as relates to Prosecutions for Penalties, to the counterfeiting the Stamps on the Wrappers of Paper, and to the punching Persons guilty of PeTjuiy. - [21st July 1806.]

Wl by a Clause in an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 V among other Things, for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the

Management of the Commissioners of Excise, it was enacted, that it should not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to commence, prosecute, enter, or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, in any of His Majesty's Courts, ^against any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture,

6 Fines,

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. ir

Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, made or incurred by virtue of any Act or Acts then in force, or thereafter to

be made, relating to either of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, unless the same should be

commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of tome Officer or Officers of some or one of His Majesty's laid Revenues; and if any Action, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, was or were commenced, prosecuted, entered,

or filed, in any other Person or Persons Name or Names, than was in that Behalf before-mentioned, the fami

and all Proceedings -thereupon had, were thereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Court

where such Action, "Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, was, were, or

should be so commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, should not permit or suffer any Proceeding or Proceedings to be had thereupon: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the said Provisions, and all Rul s

and Regulations relating thereto, ' be it therefore enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and witl\ the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said several recited Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, shall be, and the same are hereby extended to, and the same respectively shall be in force, andbeufed, applied, and put in Execution, in relation to and upon all Proceedings for or in respect of any such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, imposed, made, or mentioned in, or incurred under, any Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Revenues of Excite, before the Commissioners of E>cife, or any Three or more of them, in England, for the Time being, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in England and Scotland respectively.

II. And Whereas, by an Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reignof His present Majesty, intit tied, an Act for repealing the Duties on Paper, Pafeboard, Millboard, Scaleboard^ or Glared Paper, and for gra ting

other Duties in lieu thereof it was, amongst other Things, enacted, that if any Person or Persons whatsoever

should counterfeit, or cause to be counterfeited, any Stamp, Device, or Label, provided, or directed to be used in pursuance of the said recited Act, or should counterfeit, forge, or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device, upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to or used with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream, Bundle, or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Paileboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or glazed Paper, or should have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any such counterfeit Stamp or Device,

knowing the same to be counterfeited, or should utter, vend, or sell, any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark, or Impression, of any such Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrappei of such Paper, or on any Label affixed thereto, then and in every such Case, every such Person so offending therein should, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal, in Mannci

herein after mentioned, so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited, and in lieu thereof to direct that. 4 every Person or Persons so Sending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, a&nd subject to such Punishment as is herein after directed be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousan I eight hyndred and fix, so much of the said Act as is herein before recited shall be. and the same is hereby repealed, save and except in all and every Case and Cases relating to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fine; , Penalties, or Forfeitures, of the said bum of Five hundred Pounds, which have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp, Device, or Label, provided or directed to be used, 11 pursuance of the said Act, made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, or shall counterfeit, forge, or resemble the Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device, upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to, or used with or upon any Label affixed to any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Paileboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or glazed Paper, thereby to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or shall have in his, her, or their Cmflody or Possession, any such counterfeit or forged Stamp or Device, knowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Paper with a counterfeit or forged Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or on any Label affixed thereto, or on any Paileboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or glazed Paper, with a counterfeit or forged 'Mark or Impression of any such Stamp or Device upon such Paileboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, or

flazed Paper, or upon any Label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, every, 'erson so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And Whereas, by several Acts relating to His Majesty's Duties of Excise, Oaths are required to be taken in Manner therein mentioned, and it is expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentione for the Punishment of Persons wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the Cases in which an Oath is by any such Act directed or required to be taken, ' be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases in which an Oath is by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties of Excise directed or required to be taken, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an As made in ths Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, As relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, out of Warehouse, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee; shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any, of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectivelyj and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall go and be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform, discover, or foe for the fame* CAP.

871

Excift, (housef f»c pro'ccuTid

only in flic

Name of t !.-#

*.y Gancm*, or Ionic Offkcr of Excise, &. c. extended to all Proceedings for Excile Penalties before C >m-misti ntrs of Excise, or Justices of Peace.

34 G. 3. c. 20.

§9itnpofing a Penalty of cool* on Forgery of Stamps or*Wrappersxif

Paper, repealed*

Pefl*>l»y on counterfeiting Stamps on any Cove*, Wia^per, or Lib I, affixed to any Ream, 5ce. of Pape*, Sc c. or felling Paper with a forg'd Stamp,

Uc. Felony without Clergy.

Penally of Perjury on false Oarti, in all Case* where an O.oh is tequired try Excile Laws.

Penalties u*der

43 G. ?. e 1*9. maybe r< covered and applied, as other Penalties under LxcUC Laws.

872 C. 113 — 115.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

50 & 40 G. 3.

c.'g*.

41 G. 3. c. 44.

Trench Wines in Packages of Six Djxen Bottle*, See, may during the War he imported into Great Britain from Ireland in Bdtish or Irish Ships.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to permit for and during the Continuance of the present War, French Wines to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled* ' v*An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom, from the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey,

or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks \ And Whereas another Act was paired in the Forty-second Year of H>3 4 present Majesty, intituled, An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles of Flasks under certain Rcjlridions; by which said Acts it was made lawful to import into Great Britain, from the-

1 (lands of Jersey, Guernsy, and Alderney, any French Wine in Packages, each containing at the leall Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks: And Whereas it is expedient that a like Allowance Should be given to

the Importation of French Wines from Ireland : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the' Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi» present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the Continuance 01 the present War, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from Ireland, any French Wines in Packages, each of which shall contain at the lead Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks, as well for Sale as for private Use, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well Customs as Excise, as are now due and payable on the Importation of such Wines, by any Act or Acts of Parliament; provided that such Wines shall be imported in Bnlish or Irish built Ships or Vessels owned, navigated, and registered, according to Law, and in such Manner and under the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, and shall be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided and in force iu relation to the Importation of any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks imported into Great Britain,

From 25th March 1807,

45 G* 3- c. 98. Bull apply only to striptd German and Rufliau Linens.

43 G. 3. c. 13*.

43 G. 3. c. -e.

Faifinj, Sec. ra »y he laktn opt of W .rthouic where ^ured, unrti r 43 G. 3. c Ip. and exported Duly free.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.'[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act wfas pasted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies: And Whereas it may be injurious to the Linen Manufacturers of the United Kingdom if the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs allowed by*that Act Should continue to be allowed on the Foreign Plain Cloths, Plain Lawns, and Plain Linens, described in the Schedule to which that Act refers: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the said Act and Allowances thereby given, shall be in force only with respect to German and Russia Linen chequered or striped, the Thread or Yam of which the same is made being coloured, stained, or dyed, before the Manufacture.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to permit Raisins, Cuirants, and Figs to be exported from Great Britain, Dutyfree.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for*' I permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be ft cured in Warehouse without Payment of

i Duty, it was enacted, that before any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, except Sugar, which Should have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said recited Act, Should be delivered from thence for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain, the ' Exporter or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Should make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and Should pay down, in ready Money, without any Discount*or Abatement whatever, the full Amount of certain additional Duties of Customs granted by an Act passed 1 in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Defnitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; which would have been due and payable for the same in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize had been taken ' from the Warehouse or Place wherein they had been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or confnmed in Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient that Permission Should be given to export certain*Articles warehoused under the Directions of the said first recited Act without Payment of any Duty : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, where any Raisins, Currants, and Figs shall have been or shall hereafter be lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses or otherwise secured according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor thereof to export the same Duty free; and the proper Officer having the Custody thereof in'any such Warehouse shall and may deliver the same from thence to the Proprietor thereof, for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain without the Payment, by such Proprietor or Exporter thereof, of any Duty for the fame; subject nevertheless in all other Respects to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from such Warehouses.

A.D. 1806, 46° GEORGII III. C. ii6_m8. 873

CAP. ' CXVI.

An Act to allow certain Articles* to be exported from Gibraltar and Malta direct to His Majesty's Colonies in North America, in return for British American Fish.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by the Laws in force no Commodity of the Growth, Prodiidlion, or Manufacture Sec Stature*

Europe is allowed to be imported into any Place, to His Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter > Car. 2. c. 7.

belong unto or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, but Vq7*c 6 n f

what shall be bond side and without Fraud laden and shipped in Great Britain or Ireland, except Salt for the 33 6*

Fisheries of Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and Quebeck, which may be laden in any Part of Europe, and also \. c. 2$.

except any Goods fit and necessary for the Fishery in the British Colonies or Plantations in America, being ' the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey,

which may be shipped and laden in the said Islands respectively by any of the Inhabitants thereof, and also

except Wines of the Growth of the Madeira: and the Western Islands of Azores which may be laden at those

Places respectively: And Whereas it may tend to the Benefit of the British Fisheries, and to the Advantage of the Commerce and Navigation of this Country, if Permission was given for certain other Articles to be shipped CcrraiMEuropcan

for the British Colonies in North America at other Places in Europe than those herein before mentioned, under Produce nuy be

certain Regulations and Restrictions; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and exported fro

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p efent Parliament ^briitar to assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Fruit, Wine, Butlfti North Oil, Salt, or Cork, the Produce of Europe, may be shipped and laden at Malta or Gibraltar for Exportation American direct to the said Colonies or Plantations in North America on board any British-hmix. Ship or Vessel owned, Cul.mit s, in navigated, and registered, according to Law, which shall arrive with the Produce of the said Fisheries, taken the

and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery, from any of the said Plantations, or from BnU Fl enc*' Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation of the said Goods into any of the said Colonies putiti an or Plantations in North Autnrica, the same shall be subject and liable to the Payment of such Duties as the like Importation int Description of Goods are now subject and liable to upon being legally imported into the said Colonies or the Colonies: Plantations: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall permit or allow the Exportation from any of jthe said Plantations, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, (not being the Produce of the Fisheries) contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade between Great Britain and such British Colonies 5 and Regulators as provided also, that before any Goods shall be allowed to be shipped or laden on board any Ship or Vessel atto such Trade Gibraltar or Malta aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Rafter or other Person having or taking the ^lu>

Command or Charge thereof shall make Oath before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in ColosScs. Chief for the Time being (and which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer), that the whole Cargo of such Ship or Vessel is entirely the Produce of the British Fishene* in North America, and was really and bond side taken and cured by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fiftiery from any of the said Plantations or from Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to permit until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Matts, Yards, and Bowsprits, or of Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty-free.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS a large Supply of Timber for Naval Purposes might be derived from His Majesty's British Colonies in North America; but by Reason of the Duty payable for the Importation of the same, and the high Freight thereupon, the Importation thereof is subjected to great Disadvantages, and it is therefore

expedient that further Encouragement should be given to the Importation thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from Until ill and after the passing of this Act, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, it shall January 180*, be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom from any of His Majesty's British &c. may

Colonies or Plantations in North America, in British or Irjfb Ships or Vessels owned, registered, and navigated

according to Law, any Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits or Timber fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Colonies in Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or other Duty whatsoever Nuith America) for the fame; any Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that Duty the same shall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper Officers of the Custom*.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to extend the Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London, and for authorising the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase Somers and Lyons S/uays in the said Port.

[21st July 1806.]

Recital of 43 G. 3. c.cxxiv. (Local and Personal) 4 8. the Period of Three Years under that Act for u purchasing the Legal Quays by the Treasury, extended to Four Years, f 1. — Lyons and Somers Quays with \'44 their Premises may be purchased of the East India Company by the Treasury, whenever they may deem it u expedient. §2. — Twelve Months Notice shall be given by the Treasury. rowers of recited Act and of " 39 be 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. (Local and Personal) extended to this Act. 4 j.

46 Geo. III. 5T CAP.

C.irg

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

After ill Au:. 1806, no V cffel, unless employed in Slave c »rrying Trade before that Time, for contracted for before June 0, ) Aidl clear out from Great Biiuin to arty Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

Collector, Sec. of Customs at Pori of Clearance may require Proof of the Vessel having been so employed, &c.

Such ContraAs shall be proved bef-re Commissioner* to be appointed by the Treasury, and their Ci rtifijate produced to Collector of Customs.

Penalty on Owners #f Vessels not duly cleared out arrying Slavea, 50I pet Slave. Treasury on Oarhmade before. Aug. 1, 180$, nay grant Licence to Persons to contract for and employ Ship* in lieu of Ships captured or condemned.

Penalty of

Perjury on false Oaths.

[Continuance of Act.]

---

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to prohibit for Two Years after the Conclusion of the present Session of Parliament, any Ships to clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of taking on board Negroes, unless such Ships shall have been previously employed in the African Trade, or contracted for, for that Purpose.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Ships, not hitherto employed in carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, or contracted for to be employed in such Trade, should not be permitted to be cleared out from Great Britain for such Purpose; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may b

---

enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, no Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to clear out from any Port in Great Britain for the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of shipping or carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have been, before the said First Day of nugujl* employed in the said Trade by the same Owner or Owners, or shall have been contracted for before the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, for the Purpose of being employed in the said Trade; and the proper Officers of Customs clearing out any Ship or Vessel after the said First Day of August from any Port in Great Britain, for the Purpose of shipping and carrying Slaves from Africa, shall certify that such Ship or Vessel had been so employed or contracted for, and such Certificate shall be annexed to the Clearance.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Collector or Comptroller of any Port from which any Ship or Vessel shall be about to clear out for such Trade, to require Proof on the Oath of the Master, or some one or more of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel which Oath such Collector and Comptroller is hereby empowered to administer) that such Ship or Vessel has, before the said Day, been employed in the said Trade by the f me Owner or Owners, or shall have been contracted for be ore the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel shall be deemed or allowed by any CoHedor or Comptroller to have been contracted for as aforesaid, unless the Owner or Owners of the said Ship or Vessel shall, on or before the said First Day of August, have made Proof on Oath, to the Satisfaction of Commissioners to be named by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and which Commissioners the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and required to appoint (and which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) that such Ship or Vessel was actually and bond fde before the said Tenth Day of June contracted for, for the Purpose of carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, and unless a Certificate of such Proof having been made under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, shall be produced to the said Collector or Comptroller.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Owners of every Ship or Vessel not being so cleared out, and having such Certificate of Clearance as aforesaid, in which any Slave shall be shipped or carried from the Coast of Africa, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall forfeit for every Slave so carried the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any of the Acts of Parliament or Laws for the Regulation of the African Slave Trade.

V. And Whereas since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six, some Vessels employed in the said Trade may either have been captured by the Enemy, or condemned as unfit for the Voyage 2 And

Whereas in some Cases Contracts for Vessels in the Place of those so captured or condemned may not have been

made before the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six: And Whereas Persons engaged in the African Trade, and having Goods remaining on the Coast, or Debts due to them from thence, which, up to the present Time, they have considered as good and recoverable, may be UBable to recover their said Property, for want of Vessels to transport it* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, upon sufficient Proof of the said Premises, made to them on Oath before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, to grant Licence to such Persons to contract for and employ such Ship or Ships as they shall make appear to be necessary for securing or brihging away the said Debts or Effects, either by the Purchase of Slaves or otherwise, so as that the Ship or Ships to to be contracted for, under such Licence, shall in no Cafe-exceed in Tonnage the Ships captured or condemned, in the Place of which they (halt be applied for, and shall be liable to all the Regulations by Law established respecting the carrying of Slaves from.frica.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, upon any such Examination on Oath, (haf wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person fb offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury an subject and liable to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force for the Term of Two Years, and no longer, from and after the C jnclufion of the present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 120 — 122. 875

CAP. CXX

An Act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates atld Duties, and allowing deftairt Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Ware9, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven; and several Acts fpf granting Duties upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland) and for the better Collectioit and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excile in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, Until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven \ and to amend several of the said Acts*[21st July 1806.]

u Recital of 45 G« 3* c. 18. imposing Duties of Cufidrtis* (continued to September 29, 1806, by 46 G. 3. c 12. u §1.) 46 G. 3. c 62. imposing Duties of Customs onjlron, Sugar, and Tea; — Duties and Regulations under recited Acts continued to July y, 1827. § . — Reeital of 45 G. 3- c. 22. (continued by 46 G. 3. c. : 2. $ 1.)

" and of 46 G. 3. 0, 67; — Duties on Spirits under 49 G. 3. c. 22, and Duties on Malt and Spirits, and Drawbacks Under 46 G. 3. c. 67, further continued till September 25, 1807. J 2.

III. Provided always, and be it ertafted, That whenever any Article is by Law entitled to a Lounty on the No Artie!* rfr. Importation or Exportation thereof from Ireland, no Duty shall be paid on the Importation or Exportation 10 Bounty from Ireland\ of any Article on which such Bounty shall be pafid or allowed; slny Thing in the said herein*liaUetd before recited Acts or any of them* or in any other Act or Acts in tfarce in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding --- Duties shall be carried to the Irish Cdnfolidated Fund. §4.

*4 Recital of Acts fdr Collection and Regulation of Irish Revenues, vi % . Tobacco, 37 G. 3. (I.) c. 42. as 14 amended by 46 G. 3. (I.) c. 77 ' — Coffee, 37 G. 3. (I) c. 52 j — Auctions and Glass Bottles, 38 G. 3. (I.)

44 c. 2.t. [§, 28, and § $1.) as amended by 39 G.3. (I.) c. 24. §1. 40 G 3. (I.) c. 87 5 — Reftiher's,

44 38 G. 3. ft) c. 52. as amended by 39 G. 3. if.) c. 58; — Hides and Skins, 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 9; — Bounties#

14 40 G. 3* (I)c. 20 $ — Cards, 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 63. §19, &c; $ — Permits, 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 6^. 45 G. 3.

44 c 39 General Regulation Act, 43 G. 3. c 97., §1, ?* Auctions — §4, 8, Permits 24, Tanners $ —

General Regulation Act, 44 G. 3 c. 103* $16, 7. Permits; --tloufe and Window Taxes, &c. 45 G. 3. 0.105; —

Paper, 45 G 3. c. ip6; — all the foregoing recited Acts and Parts of Acts continued till Septemfyr 29# 1807.

14 (except a* altered or repealed by other Acts.) §5.

VI. Provided always* and be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Collection of the Duties on Fire Hearths, Dwelling Houses* Coaches* Carriage^, c* wL

Male Servants, Horses* 2nd Dogs, as relates to that Part of the Affidavit to be made in certain Cases by the §15. repealed. Occupier of any Tenement or House in Ireland\ not having more than Six Windows or Lights, which requires n* 10 Value «f such Occupier to swear that he has not any Goods or Chattels to the Value of Ten Pounds over dnd above aH Occupy 1600*1* just Debts, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Recital of 36 G. 3. (I.) c. 52* Fisheries; — 13* 14 G. 3. (L) C. 7. Tontines — said Acts continued Until September 29, 1807. j 7.

CAP. C&XL

An Act to repeal so rmicli of an As, thade in the first Year df King Janies tKe Secbrid* as prohibits' the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and Gtenfils of War, from Ireland.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Protifions of an Act, p&ffed in the First YeaV of the Reign of His Majesty King James the Second, intituled, An Act tlgaitift the Importation of Gunpowder, Artns % and other Utenjtls of War\ so far as the same extends to Persons importing, or bringing into this Kingdom of England) Dominion bf Walcs9 or Town of Berwick Upon-Twlted, by way of Merchandise, any GurtpovVdcV,

Arms, Ammunition, or Utensils of War, the Manufacture of Ireland, should be repealed J Be, it therefore enacted by the King's rhoft Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the farfte, That, from a&d after the passing of this Act, the said Act of the First of King James the Second* and every Thing therein contained, so far as the same extend to prevent the Importation by Way of Merchandize of any of the said Act tides, being the Manufacture of Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great Britain by Way bf Merchandize, in any British or Irish Vessel directly from Ireland, any Gunpowder, Arms* Ammunition, or Utensils of War, the Manufacture of Ireland; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act of Acts of Parliament* to the contrary In any wise notwithstanding.

c a r. Cxxit*

An Act to t'evive and amend an Act made hi the Parliament of Ireland, for eriablirig the Lofd Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted for tile Purposes of Education, and into the State and Conditions of all Schools in Ireland.

[21st July 1&06 ]

WHEREAS art Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland) in the Twenty-eigtith If car of the Reign of 4* His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors

4 of this Kingdom) to appoint Cortimijfwners fsi' inquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted by publick or

5 T 2 4 private

1 jac. 2* c. S. so far aj it prevents the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms.&c. the Manufacture of Ireland, repealed. At ft.

876 C. 122, 123.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

private Donations for the Purposes of Education in this Kingdom, and into the State and Condition of all Schools in this Kingdom on Publick or Charitable Foundations, and of the Funds appropriated for the Maintenance and Support thereof and for the other Purposes herein mentioned; which Act was to continue in force until the Twenty-ninth

Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and to the End of the then next Session of

Parliament, and no longer: And Whereas the said recited Act was, by Two Acts of the Parliament of Ireland made in the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued to the Twentyfourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And Whereas it is expedient to revive and amend the said first recited Act : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year aforesaid, shall be and the same is hereby revived, and the said Act shall be and remain and continue in force until the same shall be repealed, and shall be carried into Execution in such Manner as is directed by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time bein^, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to appoint any proper and discreet Persons, not exceeding Six in Number, to be Six of the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year aforesaid; and that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bcquests, incorporated under and by virtue of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of Charitable Donations and Bequejlsto elect, nominate, and appoint, out of their own Body, any proper and discreet Persons, not exceeding Five in Number, to be Five other Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year aforesaid, and such Election, Nomination, and Appointment, shall be signified to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, under the Seal of the said Corporation, and from and after the Election, Nomination, and Appointment of the said Eleven Persons in Manner aforesaid, the said Eleven Persons shall be and become Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited A(51 of the Twenty-eighth Year aforesaid, and the said Commissioners so to be appointed, are hereby authorized and empowered to do <ul Matters and Tilings in the Execution of the said recited Act, as fully and effe<5lually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act could or might have done under or by virtue of the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall not be paid, or receive, or take, any Fee, Reward, Emolument, or Allowance whatsoever, for or on account of any Thing to be done by them in pursuance of this Act, or of the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year aforesaid, or for or on account of the Execution of the Powers by this Act or the said recited Act vested in them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint any Person or Persons not being a Member of Parliament, and not more than Two in Number, to be a Secretary or Secretaries to such Commissioners, and to make Entries of all their Proceedings in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and any Person or Persons so appointed to be a Secretary or Secretaries shall be paid such Salary, not exceeding Three hundred Pounds a Year to each of such Secretaries, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation of any of the said Commissioners, it (kali and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to nominate and appoint in Manner aforesaid, such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper, to supply any Vacancy which shall be occasioned by the Death or Resignation of any or either of the Six Persons who shall have been appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being under or by virtue of this Act, and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bcquests to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as such Commissioners shall think proper to supply any Vacancy which may be occasioned by the Death or Resignation of any or either of the Five Persons who shall have been appointed Commissioners for the I xecution of this Act, by the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests under or by virtue of this Act.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown, and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Ireland. [iifl July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present frish Act* 4* Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown, and other Rents,

3$ G 3 c. 72.«and of the Lands forfeited in the 7'ears One thousand six hundred and forty one and One thousand Jix hundred and eighty-eight, and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of in such Manner and under fuel) Provisions as are therein 39 G. 3. c. 33. mentioned: And Whereas an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign to amend the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year s And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be further amended be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Ithh Treasury afletnbled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be

empowered t« lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of Irelandor for the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord

("H* of High

30 G. 3. c. 24.

31 G. 3- c. 41.

Recited Act 28 G. 3. c. 15. revived and continued. Lorril, ioutcnar>t may appoint Six Commissioners f >r carrying r!»e recired Acts into Execution; and the Commissioners ot C liar i table' Donation*, incorporated undci 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 7*, may appoint Five out of their own Number for the fam: Purpose.

Commissioners shall act without Fee or Reward.

Commissioners may appoint Two Secietaries.

X.ord Lieutenant may supply Vacancies of Commissioners, occasioned by Death or Resignation.

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 123, 124. 877

High Treasurer, or any Three of them, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor Rents, Crown or Governors of Ireland for thd Time being, from Time to Time to sell and dispose of all or any Quit Rents,

Crown Rents, or Composition Rents, payable to His Majesty, and also to sell and dispose of any Lands, Tythes, p^miCe*

Tenements, and Hereditaments forfeited to the Crown under any of the Acts in the said recited Acts mentioned, forfeited to the and also to do and perform all such Matters and Things whatever in the Execution of the said recited Acts of the €rownr Jcc. Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years aforesaid, and this Act, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, shall, by and with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, in their Discretion think fit and proper to be done, performed, and executed under the said recited Acts and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or for Treasury the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, by and with ernP°ycr«J the Consent of the I^ord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, upon Agreements any Sale of any such Quit Rents, Crown Rents, or Composition Rents, or of any such Lands, Tythes, Tenements, x^t

or Hereditaments under the said recited Acts, and this Act, to make a Composition and Agreement with the Purchasers for Purchaser or Purchasers of the fame, for and in full Satisfaction of all Rents and Arrears of Rents accrued a, l Arrears of due to His Majesty or His Predecessors, before the Time when the Putehafer or Purchasers shall under such Sale J*11 Rents become entitled to such Rents, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the (kid Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall in their Discretion think fit; and from and after the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall be barred from fuingfor, or in any Manner recovering any Rent or Arrears of Rent which shall have accrued due before the Time when such Pure hafer or Purchasers shall have become entitled to such Rent*, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, any Thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Confidciario* or for the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, by and so' the Purchase with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, S^RentI aVd to make Contracts for the Sale of such Quit Rents, Crown Rents, or Composition Rents, or for the Sale of any pajd*i"stock t such Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, under the said recited A<£1§ or this Act, for a Consideration £e transferred atto be given and paid in Stock in the Publick Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, bearing Interest the Bank of after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centym per Annum, or in the Publick Annuities, transferrable at the said Bank Uetand to and bearing Interest after the Kate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as may be thought expedient, and that the Consideration so to be paid or given in such Stock or Annuities respectively, shall be Debt under*1* so much of the said Stock or Annuities respectively, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Quit 42 G. 3. c. $7. Rent, Crown Rent, or Composition Pent, or the Rent of the Lands, Tythes* Tenements, and Hereditaments (amending

so to be purchased by One-tenth Part thereof; and that such Stock or Annuities respectively shall be transferred lri^.

to the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for 37*3 c. 27'* amending an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland in Trust for the Purposes of the said Acts; and that all such Stock or Annuities respectively shall and may be from Time to Time paid and transferred by such Instalment8, and in such Proportions, and in such Manner and Form, and under such Conditions and Regulations as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, with the Consent of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall in that Behalf direct and appoint.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, under certain Restrictions.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act 44 G* 3* c. 3P

+for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland to an Extent therein limited, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his Orders to any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of the Militia of Ireland, to enrol and receive into such Regiment or Battalion such Volunteers as shall offer to serve in the said Militia, and such Number as shall be from Time to Time necessary to supply any Vacancies in the same by Death, Desertion, or lawful Discharge, provided that the Strength of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall not exceed One hundred Rank and File per Company: And Whereas the said Militia Regiments have been lately augmented under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and it would be highly beneficial to the publick Service, that a Proportion of the Militia Forces of Ireland should be permitted to enter from Time to Time into the Regiments of the Line, or of the Royal Marines, for General Service, for the Purpose of increasing the disposeable Force of the Empire May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Twenty-fourth His Majesty Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, and also at any Time whatever within Twelve Calendar Months

after the Twenty-fourth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, or in any subsequent i^ach^YJar

Year, while the said Militia shall continue augmented under the Provisions of the said recited Act, it shall be direa Regiment*

lawful of the Line or

46° GEORGII III.

'8 78 C. 124.

A.D. 1806.

'Marines to receive* Volunteers from the Mili'ia of Ireland for General Service.

Commanding Officers of the Militia shall explain to the Men the Terms of Enliliment, end that I discharge. such as shall d' clare, within TenOays, an Intention of enlisting.

Ten ftayx further allowed 'o the DiCM'ation, if neccil.ry*

Men discharged, if afterward*, refufirg toenlift, or 1 ejected, shall continue to belong to the

Militia.

No Militia Man entitled to enlist who is in Co fincment, or (h.«ll have been sentenced to any iPunishment by a Court Mania, within Two Mon'hk, Sec,

No Serjeant or Drunimu, &c. entuh d : o cnlitf without Content of the Com-nuiuling Officer.

"Com.'nan Hi rig Offic-i lh*i| dikh.rgc only in the .'roporior of I 5 M n for c % eiy

Comparer

annually.

ct>*nm nding Officrr m.iy r^fuse to

lawful for His Majesty, by any Order signified by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governors Governor* of Ireland for the Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, from Time to Time to order and direct any such Regiments of the Line, or any such Regiments of Royal Marines, as His Majesty shall name and appoint, to receive Volunteers from the Militia Forces of Ireland for General Service out of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia named in any such Order; and that it shall be lawful fof any Private Militia Man in the said Militia to enlist under this Act for General Service, subject to the Regulations herein after mentioned, into any lfuch Regiment of the Line of His Majesty's Regular Forces, of into any such Regiment of the Royal Marines asHis Majesty shall hereafter* by any such Order as aforesaid, from Time to Time name and appoint to receive Volunteers from the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to which any such Private Man shall at the Time of such enlisting under this Act belong.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the Militia of Ireland\ whenever he shall receive His Majesty's Directions, signified as aforesaid, for that Purpose# shall explain to the Private Men of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of which he shall, for the Time being, have the Command, in such Manner and at such Times (within One Calendar Month from the Time of his first receiving such Directions), as His Majesty shall by any such Order appoint, the Terms upon which any Private Man serving in the said Militia may enlist into the Regular Forces or Royal Marines, for General Service undei1 this Act and if upon the Terms of such enlisting being explained am? made known to them as aforesaid, any Private Militia Man shall* within Ten Days then next ensuing, voluntarily declare an Intention to be enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines for General Service, it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer as aforesaid, and every such Commanding Officer is hereby required to discharge such Person from the said Militia, and that every such Private Man so discharged as aforesaid shall immediately belong as a Private Man to the Regiment or Corps into which he shall declare his Intention to enlist, and shall be immediately enlisted and attested for such Regiment or Corps, in due Course of Law* and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be transferred to some Officer of such Regiment or Corps, or such other Officer as His Majesty may have appointed to receive Men enlisted under this Act, and shall have and be entitled to such Bounty, and in such Manner as His Majesty may in that Behalf direct, together with Subsistence, Pay, and Cloathing, to be paid and furnished in like Manner in every Respect, and subject to and under the like Laws, Rules, and Regulations as are provided and used for the Regiments or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines into which such Private Militia Man shall have enlisted for General Service as aforesaid, any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandin^.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the whole Number nf Men allowed to be discharged at any one Time in pursuance of such Directions undet- the Provisions of this Act, from any Regiment* Battalion, or Corps of Militia* shall not voluntarily declare their Intention of enlisting into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines, for General Service, within the Space of Ten Days after the Terms Of such enlisting have been made known to them as aforesaid* it shall and-rtiay be lawful for any such Men to declare such Intention within Ten Days next succceding such first mentioned Ten Days, and such Men shall be allowed to be discharged and to enlist, and shall be discharged and enlisted accordingly under the Provisions of this Act.

IV. Provided always* and be it enacted, That if any Person so discharged frotn the said Militia for the Purpose of being enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines tinder this Act, shall fcfufe to enlist pursuant to any Declaration of being desirous to enlist so made by him as aforesaid, or shall be reiefted by any Officer to be appointed for inspecting Men so offering to enlist, or shall by any Means not be actually enlisted into the Regular Forces or Royal Marines under this Act, then and in every such Case* such Person shall continue to belong to the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia from which he shall have been so discharged for the Purpose of being enlisted as aforesaid, notwithstanding any such Discharge.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Private Militia Man shall be entitled to enlist under this Act who shall be In Confinement under any Sentence of any Court Martial, or who shall be under Confinement with a View to being tried by any Court Martial* until he shall have sufferedthe Sentence of such Court Martial; and that no Private Militia Man shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist under this A6h who shall have been in Confinement, or who shall have been sentenced to any Punishment by any Court Martial for any Offence committed within the Space bf Two Calendar Months previous to the Time of his so offering to enlist* unless he shall obtain the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia in which he shall be serving at the Time of his being delirous of enlisting as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Serjeant of Driimhicr, nor any Perfort fefvifng in the Militia who shall be usually employed as a Musician in the Band of the Regiment* Battalion, or Corp* of Militia to which he shall belong, or shall be usually employed as an Armourer, Paymaster's or Adjutant's Clerk, or Regimental Clerk in any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, shall be entitled to his Discharge, or to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines under this Act, unless he shall obtain the Consent for that Purpose of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion* or Corps of Militia in which he shall be then serving.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of the said Militia, to discharge or carte to be discharged under the Provisions of this Act, any greater Number of Private Militia Men of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of w'hich lie is Colonel Or Commanding Officer, than t. the Proportion of Fifteen Men for every Company in such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, m any One Year, reckoning from the Twenty -fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Offi v of ar.y Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to refuse to discharge any Private Man w ho shall dvlfre- is

Discharge

c»

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 124 — 126. 879.

Discharge For the Purpose of being enlisted into His Majesty's Regular Forces or Royal Marines for General discharge Men Service under this Act, upon assigning in Writing to the General Officer commanding in the District within on^flignmy a which such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall be quartered, or lo the Adjutant General of His Majesty's £C#CICUt aufc> Forces where there shall not be any such General Officer as aforesaid such Cause for his Refusal as shall be deemed sufficient by such General Officer or Adjutant General, as the Case may be: Provided always, that no such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall be authorized to refuse or shall refuse any such Discharge, unless the full Number of Men allowed by this Act to enlist from Time to Time shall enlist into His Majesty's Regular

Forces or Royal Marines from such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, except only in such Cases where it is by this Act expressly provided, that certain Men shall not be entitled to be discharged or to enlist under this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Number of Men in any One Regiment, Battalion, bi fne Men or Corps of the said Militia offering to enl ft under this Act shall at any Time exceed the Proportion herein-before ^I'exere^the^ mentioned, it shall and may be lawful - or the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, the*

or Corps to feled out of the whole Number o!* Men so offering to enlist such Men, to th? full Amount of the Commanding. Proportion herein-before mentioned, as such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall think fit, and such Men so Officer may selected, if approved by the Gemral or Field Officer authorized to insped Men enlisting under this Act, shall be ffle^ lhc enlisted accordingly under the Provisions of this Act. Number.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time to appoint such His Majesty may* General or Field Officers specially authorized by His Majesty, or the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's

Forces for that Purpose, to insped and to approve or reject the Men who shall be desirous of enlisting under this ofl^cr* See. to Ad, and such Officers may approve of or reject such Men accordingly; and in case any Man or Men shall be appr ve\>r reject rejedrd by any such General or Field Officer, as being unfit for His Majesty's Service, on account of his or their the Men offering not being of the Height of Five Feet Four Inches or upwards, or of his or their being more than Thirty-five to Years old, or of his or their being disabled by Lameness or other bodily Infirmity, it shall be lawful for such General or Field Officer to feled out of all the Men who shall have offered to enlist under this Act, from the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia to which such Man or Men so rejected shall belong, a Man or Men in the Room of such Man or Men so rej ded, and such Man or Men so selected by such General or Field Officer shall be enlisted accordingly, under the Provisions of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, or Commanding: Corps of the said Militia, shall from Time to Time transmit to the General or Field Officer to be appointed ?cr TffjL under this Act to insped the Men desirous of enlisting under this Act from such Regiment, Battalion, transmit"to the or Corps, an accurate Account in Writing of the Number, Names, and Descriptions of the Men in such Inspecting Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, who shall have voluntarily declared their Intention of enlisting under the Officeis Xe'urns Provisions of this Act: And that the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of the several Regiments, Men offering Battalions, or Corps of the said Militia, shall within Ten Days after the receiving any Order for that Purpose

from His Majesty, signified by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the t^e chief Time being, or his or their Chief Secretary, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Secretary of Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the Time being, an accurate Account in Writing of the Men discharge<k\ Number of Persons who shall be at any Time discharged from the Militia, of their respective Regiments,

Battalions, or Corps, under the Provisions of this Act.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for regulating the Rank of Officers in Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, G. 3. c. 54*'

4 '^An Act to consolidale and amend the Provisions of the several A3s relating to Corps of Yeomanry and §26.

Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions in the said Act contained in relation to the Rank of Officers of Yeomanry or Volunteers should1 4 be amended i* May it therefore plrafc Your Majesty that* it 91 ay be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Officer* of Corp*' snoft Excellent Majesty, by and with, the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Yeomanry or# Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Officer in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers whose Services shall have been accepted above Field by His present Majesty, shall, by reason of his Commission in any such Corps, take Rank above any Field Officer Officers of the or fiis Majesty's egular or Militia. Forces; .any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid K guU*or to the contrary notwithstanding, Mi.itw.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act: for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. [ 21 ft j uly 1806.3,

\The Rates art the same ms '#141 G. 3; U.K. c. 35.],

Continuance of Act from 24th March 1 to6 until 25th March 1807. f 10.

8&o:

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

35 G. 3- c.t %

Petty Officer., Seamen, &c. desiring to albt any Pay under recited Act, shall lign Two Orders, which being witnessed by the Captain, &c. shall be transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, who shall make out Bills for Payment, dee.

Wfe or Mother returning to her Friends may be paid at her Place of Residence.

How Allotments may be revoked by Seamen, &c.

Payment to Wives conducing themselves impropcily may be flopped by Navy Board.

Allotments thBl cease on Desertion of the Seamen, &c. by whom made.

On Seamen, &c. being derated, Navy Board may recal Bills, if issued, and iHue others.

On Increnfe of Pay to Sramen, Uc, Navy Board ra v o; ».& Iwrrjt of the A -v»'.nt of A. > aunts.

C. 127.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot

Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and 1 Marines fencing in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and 1 Families: And Whereas, it would greatly tend to the Convenience and Benefit of His Majesty's 6 vice, if

the Mode prescribed for making Allotments of Pay under the said Act were rendered more simple and easy be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Petty Officer, Seaman, and Landman, and every Non commissioned Officer of Marines and Marine, desiring to allot any Pay under the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall signify such his Delire, by signing his Name to Two Orders or Declarations, in the Form or to the Effect required by the said Act, and directed to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, which said Orders or Declarations being witnessed by the Captain or Commander, and any other of the signing Officers of the Ship or Vessel to which such Petty Officer, Seaman or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, shall belong, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall be full and sufficient Authority for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to make out and sign a Bill in Duplicate for Payment of the Sum allotted by such Orders Or Declarations, to the Person therein named, and the said Commissioners of the Navy shall thereupon transmit One of such Bills to the Person to whom the Allotment shall be made, and the other of such Bills to the Person by whom the same is to be paid; and One of the said Orders or Declarations shall be lodged in the Office of the said Commissioners, and the other of the said Orders or Declarations shall be lodged in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, as Vouchers for the issuing of such Bills j any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in auywise notwithstanding.

w Allotments made under recited Act, after the passing of this Act, till the Provisions of this Act are known, w shall be sufficient Authority to the Navy Board to make out Bills. §2.

III. And be it enacted, That in every' Case in which the Wife or Mother or any Petty Olicer, Sera man, of Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to whom any Allotment shall have been made payable, at or near to the Port where the Ship or Vessel ta which he shall belong may have been at the Time of making such Allotment, shall return to her Friends, or to the Parish or Place to which he shall belong, it shal be lawful for the Commissioners of the Navy, bn receiving a Certificate from the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, of the Parish or Place to which she shall remove, of her actual Residence there, to alter the Place of Payment of her Allotment accordingly $ any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who shall have made any Allotment of Pay under the Provisions of the said recited Act, or who shall hereafter make any Allotment of ray', shall be desirous of revoking such his Allotment, and shall signify to his Commanding Officer his Intention so to do, and hiB Reasons for so doing, such Officer shall, as soon ns the same can conveniendy be done, communicate such Intention, and the Reasons given for the fame, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, they are hereby authorized forthwith to flop all future Payments on any such Allotment so revoked; and in every Case in which it shall be represented to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Minister and Churchwardens, or Elders, of the Parish or Place where any Woman receiving any such Allotment of Pay under the said Act, or this Act, shall reside, and whose Husband shall be then serving Abroad, that she has conducted herself in such a Manner as to be undeserving of Support from her Husband, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to withhold any further Payment on any such Allotment; any Thing in the said recited Act to the ^contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That if any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, shall defer! From His Majesty's Service, any Allotment he may have made, and which may then be in force, shall immediately cease and determine, and no further Sum or Sums due, or to grow due thereon, shall thereafter be paid on such Allotment $ any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Petty Officer or Seaman in His Majesty's Service, or Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, shall, from Misconduct, or any other Cause, be durated, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Navy, on Information thereof, to recall any Bills before then issued, and in force for Payment of any Allotment made by any such Petty Officer or Seaman, or Non commissioned Officer of Marines, and to direct other Bills to be issued in lieu thereof, to the Amount of Half the Pay to which the Party so difrated shall be reduced, without his signing any fresh Order or Declaration for that Puvpose 5 any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three of them, to direct the Treasurer of the Navy, or any Receiver General of Land Tax, collector of Customs, or Collector of Excise, or Clerks of the Cheque, or Officer of Revenue in Ireland, by whom any Allotment made conformable to the said recited Act, or this Act, shall be

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 127, 128. 881

payable, from Time to Time, and as often as the Pay of any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer bf Marines, or Marine, shall have been increased by any Order of His Majesty in Council, to increa'fe the Allowance in the Payments which he or they, or any of them, may thereafter make to the Wife or Mother of any such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to a Proportion equal in the Whole to One Half of the Pay of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the respective Times of the making of such Payments, and in the same Manner as if such Declaration and Order of Allotment had been originally made according to the Rate of Half the Pay of every such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, at the respective Times of such Payments.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Receiver General of Receiver General Land Tax, Collector of Customs, Collector of Excise, Clerk of the Cheqye, and Officer of Revenue, in Ireland, of Land Tax, shall, on the following Quarter Days, that is to say, on the First Day of January, the First Day of April, the First- Day of July, and the First Day of October, in every Year, transmit to the Commissioners of the Navy, a (halhwVfroir* Lift of all the Triplicate Bills already issued under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and also of all the Duplicate Quarterly Bills directed to them, or which shall be in their Pottession for Payment of Allotments, under the Provisions of R«*urn* of this Act, numerically arranged, according to the Number of each Allotment, and particularizing in such Lifts ffiuyd «nd«r the Date of each Allotment, and the Name of the Party by whom the same was made, and the Sum paid per Month in respect thereof, and shall insert in the First of such Lifts which shall be transmitted, at the End of the Amount of First Quarter after the passing of this Act, the total Sums paid by them respectively, up to that Time, on M-ney paid, account of each such Allotment, and shall also insert, in every successive Quarterly Lift, the Amount of the Money which they shall have paid in respect of each Allotment, in the Quarter immediately preceding the Day when each such Lift shall or ought to have been transmitted as aforesaid.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for making Provision for such Matters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from.Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Matters in Ordinary of the said Court.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the keign of His present Majesty* '

vV intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out vptin Government Securities, a Sum of 5 G. 3. c.

Money therein mentioned, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Interest arising therefrom, towards augmenting the Jncome of the Masters of the said

Court; after reciting (amongst other Things) that the Offices of the Masters in the Court of Chancery were

4. very ancient, and were Offices of great Trust and Consequence to the Suitors of the said Court, and the Profits

belonging thereto were not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble, and Importance of the said Offices, it was enacted, that out of the Cash which then lay or should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of

England belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds

should and might, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose from Time to Time, be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders should be directed, to the Intent that the Interest and annual Produce arising from the Money so to be placed out as aforesaid, might be applied for the Purposes thereia-after mentioned; And it was further enacted, that the Interest and annum Produce arising from the said Securities should from Time

4 to Time be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of an Account to be raised, in the Books kept there for the Suitors of the said Court, of Interest arising from Money placed out in pursuance of that Act, and that out of such Interest and annual Produce there should be paid by Half-yearly Payments by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court or Chancery to be made for that Purpose, the annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds to each and every of the Eleyen Masters in Ordinary of the said Court of Chancery free from Parliamentary Taxes, which x

said annual Sums should commence from the Fifth Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five; and that the Residue of the Interest and annual Produce arising from the said

4. Securities should be accounted for, and taken as Part of the common and general Cash of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery: And'Whereas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of tiG.r c. 2f 4 Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank o/* England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by9applying the Interfl arising therefrom for nnfwering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court 5 4 and in pursuance of another Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out upon proper Securities a further Sum of Money, not 4 G. 3* c. 3a,

exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors

4 of the said Court, and for applying thr Interest arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court 5 and in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty herein-before recited; and in pursuance of another Act of Parliament passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of9G. 3. c. 19.

' Chancery to lay out upon Government Securities a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, and to apply the Intec^fi arising therefrom towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court;

and in pursuance of another Act of Parliament passed in the Fodrteenth Year of the Reign of His present 46 Geo. III. jU Majesty

82 C. 128.

*4 G. j. c. 43.

3* G- i. 41'

Onf or tic

' Vvidends ofrhc

Funds l ied, or 10 be trarrf* d, 10 ll»c Account of The Suirori of f!»c Court of Chancery, there fll4i he paid 400l. a Year to-

each of tJ>c LI '<*11 M .ilcrff

|o be paid Hall-y». ally.

I.orrlC'-aneeilcf,

jcc, may or C.tr

nn Ac y'ry of

1, 5C0*. out of the f.crl Fund to be pai l to any >1, liter Twenty Ye; r* iTntin.g, erwbo is ^if.h'cdbv lutirmiiv from <1ifc j^ing his la.* ., on

refi fining "*

Oship,

46° GEORGII III. A.D. 18a6.

Majesty, intituled, An ASfor rebuilding the Office of the Six C.krL: of the King's Court of Chancery, and for erefling Offices for the Register and Accountant Genral of the foul Cart, for tjjs letterpreferring the Records, Decrees,

Orders, and Books of Account, kept in fuel Offices; and in pursuance of aether Act of Parliament, pafletl in tho

Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to empower the .High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Inter ejl towards discharging the Expenses of the Office of the /ecountant General, and for holding Offices for the Maf.ers in Ordinary in Chancery, and a publick Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and .Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatic/: , and for building Rep fitones for /ecu ring the Title Deeds of the Suiters of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunaiuhs; several Sums of Money have, by virtue of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery, been taken out of tlicjtommoo and general Cafit belonging*

4 to the Suitors of the said Court, which lay dead and unemployed in the Sank of England, and placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court on Government or parliamentary Securities; and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Tiiirty-second

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, carried to an Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out

for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery j" and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased id pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual and other Payments and Salaries provided for by such Acts of Parliament, and by other Acts of Parliament

therein recited, have been from Time to Time made and paid; and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several A 6b,

and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce,

have been from Time to Time, in pursuance of the last mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Goveromeftt

4 or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, and placed.4 to the Credit of an Account, intituled, Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery $" and the Dividends and Interest of such Government or Parliamentary Securities are more than sufficient to answer and make good all the annual and other Payments and Salaries, by the several Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to, directed to be made and paid thereout; and also the several annual Payments or Salaries herein after provided: And Whereas, from the increased Expence of living, it is expedient that an Augmentation should be made to the Income of the Masters in Ordinary of the High Churt of Chancery, and that rower should be given to make a proper Provision from Time to Time for such of the said Masters as shall be desirous of resigning their said Offices under the Authority herein-afbr contained, and for that Purpose to order the Payment to them of Annuities to the Amount herein after mentioned : May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed

44. out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled, Account V of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and out of the Interest and Dividends of any Government or Parliamentary Securities hereafter to be purchased and placed to the last mentioned Account, there shall be paid, (but subject to and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and other Sum of Money by the several Acts of Parliament herein -before mentioned or referred to, directed, or authorized to be paid thereout), by Half-yearly Payments, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, the annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds to each and every of the Eleven Masters in Ordinary of the said Court for the Time being, free from Parliamentary Taxes, as an Augmentation of and Addition to their respective Salaries provided by the said Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; which said annual Sum of Four hundred Pounds to each of the said Eleven Masters, shall commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, by any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from Time to Time, on a Petition presented to him or them for that Purpose, to order (if he or they shall so think fit) an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the Divi lends and lr*tcrefl of the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased or to be purchased, as herein-before mentioned, to any of the said Eleven Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, who shall have been a Mailer in Ordii&ry of the said Court of Chancery for the Term of Twenty Years, or who shall be afilided with some permanent Infirmity, disabliftg him from the due Execution of his Office, and who shall be desirous of resigning the fame, in which Order or Orders the Cause or Ground of making the same shall be did indly dated and ippt ified, and the Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in f*ch Order or Orders, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities t but fubied and without Prejudice as aforesaid) by even and eoual Quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Da> of Jnntu.ry, the Fifth Tay of April, the Fifth Day of July* and the Tenth Day of OQohcr, in every Year, to inch Matter in Ordinary from the Petiod when he shall resign his said Office, for and during the Term of his natural Life, iree from parliamentary Taxes.

e

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 128, 129. 883

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Exper.ce* of Parliamentary Securities, purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Expences incurred in preparing and Act shall be parting this Act, and the Colls, Charges, and Expeaccs of all Proceedings to be had h^consequence thereof, ^Fundi shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ by virtue of an Gffaer or Orders of the

High Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money Application of placed out on Securities pursuant to the said Act passed in the Tliirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts therein and herein-before mentioned or referred to, (and which Securities are sun!* necessary thereby dirededto be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the for the Purposes Suitors of the High Court of Chancery), and also the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities of this and purchased, and to be purchased with such surplus Interest, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the fecited Ad*. Purposes of the said former Acts and the Purposes of this Act, shall from Time to Time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intituled, " Account of " Securities purchased with surplus Interest, arising From Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed 41 out for the Benefit and better Security of Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any Time be necWFary to call in any of the Money.of the said Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Securities may or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, he changed, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities, or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts herein-before mentioned, or referred to, or

pursuant to this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Securities foal!

Provisions contained in this Act, if at any Time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out jj*Ue to

pursuant to the said several Acts, or any of them, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors Demln<j|

of the High Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may and shall direct the Whole, or any Suitors.

Part thereof, to be called in, and the Securities in which the same shall be placed, and also the Securities upon which the Surplus Interest and Dividends herein-before mentioned shall be placed, to be sold anddisposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of tike common and general Calli belonging to such Suitors.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of [&*

the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, with Salaries. 46G-3-c*I*0 " and to make other Payments inrefpe£l of the said Office.

[21st July 1806.

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, yin A&to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money Recital of

upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant 32 G. 3. c. 42.

General; and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a publick Office for the Suiters of the §3*

said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatic ks; and for building Rebojitories for fe curing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatic ks; and of several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been by virtue 01 fevpral Orders taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery,

which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities; and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty^ Reign, carried to an Account, intituled, 4' Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, " and out of the Dividends and Interel^ of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual Sums and Salaries and the several other Payments directed to be made, and to be paid, have been from Time to Time made and paid; and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond whatv/as sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased,

with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been, from Time to Time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the

Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled, Account of*

Securities purchased with surplus Interest, arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out

for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas the Money

and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, under the Care and Dii edion of the Accountant General of the said Court, have very greatly increased, by reason whereof the necessary Business of the said Of&ce is grown so e t^nfive and laborious, that the Provisions made by the several Acts relating to the said Office of the Accountant General are become inadequate to the Attendance. Trouble, and Importance of the said Office, aiuiinsufficieHt to answer the Charges attending the Execution thereof. And Whereas it is reasonable not only to provide additional Salaries for the present Clerks in the said Office of the Accountant Gener, , but

also to provide additional Clerks, and Salaries for such additional Clerks, and to make Provision for such t

5 U 2 4 ©th*r

88+ C. 1*9 — 13*. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

other Payments as are herein after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted f and be it enacted, &c.

u Out of the Dividends on the Funds carried to the Account of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, the following Payments may be made by the Bank, under Order of the Lord Chancellor; viz. the Expences of " paihng and putting this Act in Execution 5 — the following additional yearly Salaries tathe Clerks of the u Accountant General, viz. id and 2d Clerk loci.; 3d Clerk 200l.; 4th fclerk 250L 5 5th and 6th Clerkz8ol.; u 7th Clerk 200l., payable Quarterly; Salaries to Four additional Clerks 1801 each: Expences incurred by the u late Accountant General or his Clerks in the Business of the Office 2 aool. a Year to Accountant General for 4i Furniture, Books, Stationary, Office Keeper, &c. §1. — Application of Surplus beyond the Sums neceflaij for the Purposes of this and recited Acts. §2. — Securities maybe changed. §3. — Securities shall remain liahtr 4i to answerall Demands of Suitors. §4. — [.As §4, 5, 6 of 46 6.3. c. 128.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty.

[21st July 1806.]

Recital of 44 G. 3. c. 79; — 55, ^07l. 18s. 8d. shall be issued out of Supplies for 1806, being the Amount of 4 " Compensations settled by Commissioners under recited Act for Premises purchased by them. $ 1.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act for exonerating the Estates of Percival Lewis Esquire, and Marianne Lewis Spinster, in the Parish of Putney in the County of Surrey, from the Claims of His Majesty against the Estate of Edward Lewis Esquire, deceased.

[21st July 1806.]

[500l. to be paid to the Crown on account of the Debt due from E. Lewis, Esq.]

CAP. CXXXII.

26 G. 3. c xoi.

2 % G. 3. e. s|.

i) C. 3. c. 5a.

An Act for erecting a Light House on the Bell or Cape Rod, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, towards that Purpose.

[21st July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, His Majesty's Advocate*and Solicitor General, the Lord Provod and Elded Baillie of Edinburgh, the Lord Provod and Elded Baillie ' of Glasgow, the Provosts of Aberdeen, Inverness, and Campbelton, the Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of*Edinburgh, Lanark, Renfrew, Bute, Argyle, Inverness, Rojs, Orkney, Caithness, and Aberdeen, for the Time being, or any Five of them, were appointed Commissioners or Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, and erecting Four Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain; One at KinnainPs Head in the County of Aberdeen; One on the Island of North Roniljbaw in the Orkneys 5 One on the Point of Scalpa in the Island of Kerries; and the Fourth on the Mull of Cantyre; and certain Duties were thereby granted for*answering the Expences'of making the Works, and the Commissioners were thereby empowered to borrow Money on the Credit of the Duties, and if any Surplus should remain after the Payments therein directed to be made, and necessary Expenditure, the same was once in every Year to be vested in some one or other of the*Publick Funds of the Kingdom, until the Yearly Intered of the same should amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attending the said Light Houses, and then and in that Case, the Sums that should have been theretofore payable by the several Ships and Vessels passing the said Light Houses, should ipso facto cease, determine, and be no longer payable: And Whereas, by another Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of Hi* 4 present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 1 An Act for erecting certuin Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain; the said Commissioners were authorized to take certain additional 1 Juries, to borrow more Money, and to levy and exact ihe Duties as soon as Two of the said Light Houses should be lighted: And Whereas, by another Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Light Houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the Commissioners were empowered to erect a Light House in the Island of Arran, t or upon the Island of Plada, mpr the fame; and the said Commissioners were likewise authorized, whenever the Produce of the Duties should enable them, to erect other Light Houses, to cause such other Light Houses to be erected upon other Parts of the Coast of Great Britain, as they should deem necessary; and by another Act passed in the Thirtyeighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said Trustees or Commissioners were incorporated for the better carrying the several Aftt into Execution, and made one Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of 4t The Commissioners of the Northern Light HousesAnd Whereas, in virtue of the Powers given by the said several Acts, the Grid Commissioners have erected the following Light Houses; 1 idclhet, One on Kmnaird's 1 Head in Aberdeenshire; a Second on North Ronaldfay in Orkney 5 a Third on the Point of Scalpa, one of the Skerries JJles; a Fourth on the Mull of Cantyre; a Fifth on the Island of Plada near Arran; a Sixth and Seventh oa the Pentland Slsrrics in Orkney; an Eighth on the Island of Inch Keith in the Firth of Forth; and a

Ninth

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III. C. 132, 133, 885

Ninth on the Start Point of Sunda one of the Orkney Islands: And whereas there is a certain Rock, called

the Bell or Cape Rocky on the East Coast of Scotland, near the Entrance of the Firths of Forth and Tay9 and in'

Fifty-six Degrees Twenty-nine Minutes North Latitude, and in Two Degrees Twenty-two Minutes West

Longitude, and lyfhg in a Tract failed by a great Number of Vessels, many of which have been loft on, near,

' or in consequence of the said Rock: And whereas a Light House 011 the said Rock will be of great Benefit to

Trade and Navigation, and the Means of preserving the Ships, Goods, and Lives of His Majesty's Subjects,

the Commissioners appointed by the before recited Acts, in virtue of the Powers thereby granted, propose to erect, or cause to be erected, on the said Bell or C^pe Rock a proper Light House, with such other Buildings,

and Conveniences, as to them shall seem necessary; but as the same cannot be accomplished by the present

Funds of the Commissioners, without the Aid of Parliament may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the said Light House shall be finished, and a Light put therein, it shall and When the may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, H«u(c o* the collect, receive, and take from all and every the Masters and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel, the Sums or , )e11 or CaPc, Duties following; that is to say, from every Ship or decked Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and*9

Ireland, navigated according to Law, which shall fail to or from any Port or Place on the East Coast of Scotland, i, Crei<nen»ioiied between Peterhead on the North and Berwick-upon-Tweed on the South inclusive, and whether the said Ship or m*y be taken. Vessel shall be oirtward or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage, or failing Coast ways; as also from all Ships and Vessels as above described, which shall fail within a Line drawn from Peterhead on the North to the said Port of Berwick on the South, both inclusive, a Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Ton: And for every foreign Ship or decked Vessel, failing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Three-pence for every Ton thereof

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That as Toon as in the Course of building the said Light House, a When proper proper Beacon or distinguishing Mark or Object shall be erected on the said Bell or Cape Rocky it shall be lawful H^f°t he* Du^fei for the said Commissioners, or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to collect and take from Masters m*y b/raken, and Owners of Ships and Vessels before described, and failing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding Half the and on mooriirg Amount of the said Duties respectively: And provided further, that if it shall be found advisable by the said a Vejfd, and Commissioners before the said Light House is completed, to anchor or moor a Ship or Vessel, and show a ?*frV*'nS*', all floating or other Light, at or near the said Capo or Bell Rocky then and in that Case it shall and may be ^hole Duties* lawful to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to take from the Masters may^patck and Owners of Ships and Vessels before defctibed, the full Duties respectively hereby granted; any Thing herein

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That no Ship or Vessel, whether outward or homeward bound, or on any foreign Voyage, Vessels pafing or failing Coallways, shall pay more than One Penny Halfpenny per Ton, or Three-pence per Ton, respectively more than One as aforesaid, although the said Ship or Vessel shall, in the Courie of the same Voyage, pass any one or all of the L'gto Hnufe said Light Houses already erected, or such others as may in future be erected, in virtue of the Powers veiled in P1?

the said Commissioners. onl> once-

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Exemption fans Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or employed in the Service of His Majesty V Duties, Royal Revenue, or such Ships or Vessels as are by the said recited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Hia Navy, &c. present Majesty exempted from the Payment of the said Duties, or any Ship or Vessel failing from one Port to*

another, Westward of Queensferry in the Firth of Forth, or any 5hip or Vessel failing from one Port to another in the Firth of lay.

u Powers of formers Acts to extend to this Act. §5. — Treasury authorised to advance 25, 0001. to the Commissioners of Northern Light Houses, towards erecting the said Light House under this Act. $ 6. — Duties shall be assigned to the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, as a Security for Repayment of the 25, 0001. and " interest.^7. — Surplus of Duties shall be vested in the 5 per Cent. Consols. to form a Fund for paying off the Money borrowed. §8. — Money shall be deposited in the Bank of Scotland, Sic. till wanted for the Purposea of 4i this Act. §9. — Surplus of Duties arising from the Light Houses already erected, amounting to 2°, ooool. in 44 3 per Cent. Consols. may be applied in addition to said 25, 000l. for the Purposea of this Act. §10.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax. [aid July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*

An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land 4a G. 3. e,

Tax into one Ady and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof\ and for remaning Doubts §

1 ref pelting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at EieStions for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Mejfuagesy Lands, or 7 enements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased\ it was enacted, that in case the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax by Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of Preference under the said Act,

should be in Stock, and the Contract should be entered into after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, that the whole Amount of such Consideration should be transferred within the Period of Two Years from the Date of the Contract: And Whereas it is expedient to allow such Bodies and

Persons respectively a longer Period for the Completion of Contrafts entered into after the passing of this Act,

v 11 4 in

86 C. 133.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Where the Confiricration for Rcmption of Land Tax by Corporations, &c. entitled, to Preference under recited Act, shall be in Stock, such Stock may be transferred within Sixteen«Years by Instalments*

Commissioners (appointed under 42 G. 3. c. 116.

S'?1-)

exonerate small Livings and charitable Insti-turions from the Land Tax, without any Confident ion*

Incumbents of such Livings and Trutters #f Cl'.aritics shall'transmit Statements of the Income of such Living or Chai itv, and Certificates of the Amount of Land Tax, within Six Months:

*r Six Months further under Of der of Commissioners.

Commissioners 7U-y, l>v Indoiic-n»ont on the Cert hole of Land Tax* deebne the

exonerated

truutfioiu*

in the Cases herein specified : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in Stock, and such , and Tax shall be contracted for by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid, at any Time after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to contract that the whole Amount of such Consideration shall be transferred within the Period of Sixteen Years from the Date of such Contract, and the Consideration in every such Case shall be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by even and equal Instalments in every Year, the First annual Instalment to be made on or before such of the Quarterly Days specified in the said recited Act, as shall next ensue the entering into the Contract 2 Provided always, that it shall be lawful to transfer the whole Stock so agreed to be transferred, as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, or any Part thereof, in advance, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, not with (landing any Stipulations in the Contract to the contrary; provided also, that if a Division of the entire Quantity of Stock into equal Sums, to be paid by such Instalments as aforesaid, would occasion a Fraction less than the Fraction of One Penny, the fractional Part or Parts less than One Penny necessary to such equal Division shall be taken from every prior Instalment, and be added to the last Instalment, so as to avoid any Fraction less than One Penny; provided also, that upon the Transfer of the Second, and so of every subsequent Instalment upon every such Contract, there shall be paid into the Hands of the Caftiier or Cashiers or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Use of His Majesty, Hii Heirs and Successors, a Sum of Money by way of Interest, in like Manner, in all respects, as in the said recited Act is directed in Cases of Transfer of Stock by Iqftalments.

II. 1 And Whereas the Profits already arising to the Publick from the Redemption of Land Tax by Bodies

Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees and Trustees for charitable and other Publick Purposes*

4 by Sales under the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Purposes of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming such Sales, amounts to a very large Sam, and is likely to be considerably increased by further Sales, and Contrafts for Sale, for the Redemption of Land Tax, under the Authority of the said Commissioners: And Whereas it maybe expedient to augment the Income of small Livings, or other ecclesiastical Benefices, and of charitable Institutions, by exonerating the same from the Land Tax charged on Uie Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, belonging to such l ivings or other ecclesiastical Benefices, or charitable Institutions, in the Manner 4- herein mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Purposes aforesaid, at any Time within the Space of Two Years after the paliing of this Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax, charged upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, belonging to any Livings, or other ecclesiastical Benefices, or charitable Institutions, in Cases where the whole clear annual Income of Inch Livings or other ecclesiastical Benefices, or charitable Institutions, shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration for the fame, in the Manuer, and under the Directions and Restrictio'ns in this Act mentioned; provided that the annual Amount of Land Tax to be exonerated by virtue of this Act under the Direction of the said Commissioners, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration, shall not exceed the Sum of Six thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Incumbent of any such Living or other ecclesiastical Benefice, and all Feoffees or Trustees of any such charitable Institution, who shall be desirous that th ? Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments* belonging to such Living or ecclesiastical Benefice, or charitable Institution, should be exonerated from Land Tax under the Provisions of this Act, shall, within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, transmit a Memorial to the said Commissioners, verified in such Manner as they shall require and direct, dating the Nature and Description of the Property, tr other Funds or Sources from whence the Income of such Living or ecclesiastical Benefice, or charitable lnftiturion is derived, and the Amount of Income derived from each respectively; and shall also at the same Time transmit to the said Commissioners a Certificate or Certificates, signed by Two or more of the Commissioners of Land TaX or Supply, aftingfor the Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, or other Division of the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Towm, or Place, within which the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Living or other ecclesiastical Benefice, or charitable Institution, shall be situate, which Certificate or Certificates such last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to grant, containing a Description in Writing of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Living, or other ecclesiastical Benefice, or charitable Institution, and the Name of the Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places, within which the same shall be situate, and the Amount or Amounts of Land Tax charged thereon: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, if they shall deem it expedient, to enlarge the Time by this Act limited for the Transmission of Memorials and Certificates as aforesaid, for any further Period not exceeding Six Months from the Expiration of the Period by this Act limited as aforesaid; and all Memorials and Certificates which shall he transmitted to the said Commissioners within such extended Period, shall be as valid and effectual to enable the Exoneration of Land Tax, under th# Provisions of this Act, as if the same had been transmitted wfithin the Period herein prescribed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, by Writing under their Hands and Seals indorsed on the said Certificate of the Commissioners of Land Tax, to certify ^and declare, that the Messuages, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, comprized in such Certificate, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof under the Provisions of this Act; and such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall thereupon be wholly freed and exonerated from such Land Tax and

all

A.D.

46° GEORGII III.

C. i33> 134* 887

*11 fisrtHer AMwmII tW$ft from fiqrh of the quarterly T>ay* of Payment of Latid Tax as shall next precede the Day #n which such Certificate shall he left at th.e proper Office appointed for the Registry of Contracts for Redemption of Lied Tan, for the Pm pole of being duly registerrd in the Manner herein prescribed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer appointed for the Registry of Contracts entered into Surl.Oitificme* under the Uid recited A<fl, shall rpgifter all such Certificates of Land Tax, and the said Certificates of Exoneration of Lx nciariuu iadorsed thereon, ertrr, 'and shall make out and transmit Duplicates of the Land Tax, thereby certified and (h*»*1 , e cxolierated under trie Provlf otisof this Act, and do all such other A 6b and Things necessary for the Exoneration r<'Bliiered S1*1* of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament*, comprised in such Certificates, vas by the said recited J\£t are directed ill jn?gard to Contracts entered into under the Provisions thereof; and over - Copy of the "

Registry of any such Certificate, ligned by such Officer, shall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Persona, to be good and fuftrricut Evidence of such Certificate; and no such Certificate, nor any Copy of the Registry thereof, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.;

VI. And be it further enacted, That a Statement of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners appointed ProcreHing* of under the Great Seal, in the Execution of this Act, shall be laid before Parliament before the Expiration of tlifc J 'manffi »rr* Sessioii of Parliament ending iuthe Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

C Deeds enrolled or registered at any Time before passing this Act, or within Six Months thereafter, declared

14 valid. $ 7. [See 42 Geo. 3. c. 116. §5 1J9, 164.] — Powers of 42 G. 3. c. 116. extended to this Act. .§ 8.

CAP. CXXXIV.

to provide for the Security and Expedition of the Conveyance of Letters by the Pod in Ireland. [and July 1806.]

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the Grand Jury of any County, County of a Town or City, in Ireland, shall at any Assize* (or Presenting Gran<J Jury Term if in the County of Dublin) upon Examination of any Survey, Map, or Estimate, laid before them under 'may proton the Provisions of the said Act, be of Opinion that the Road between the Points on the Boundaries of such that. another County marked in such Survey or Map for the Road to pass through can be carried within such County from Purvey»f opc speh Point to the other, through such Post-town or rod-towns therein ms the Road in such Survey shall be p e'enfof have been marked to go through, in a more convenient Direction, equally or more level, and not exceeding in that Vid Length or Expence the Road let out ia such Survey, it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury at the before : h*m Time they date their Opinion to the Court, with any Reasons or Observations they may think proper, according um!er the to the Provisions of the said All, to present, that a new Survey, Map, and Estimate be made for a Road rcc, led Act» between such Potnts passing through such Post-town or Post-towns, if any such there be, and to appoint such Surveyor may

Surveyor as they shan think proper for the Purpose; and every such Surveyor shall have all and Regular the like*be appointed by Powers, and be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and lleftri&ion3, and be sworn and be examined upon the Jul> Owh in Ut^Manner. in respect of the Surv v, Flan, and Estimate he may make, as is provided or cnadied in tfcf laid recked Act respecting any Surveyor appointed by the Postmaster General, or any Survey to be made by such Surveyor.

ih And be it further enacted, That every such Survey made by a Surveyor so appointed by the Grand Such Stuvey, Jury, shall be deemed a Re-survey within the Meaning of the said Act, and shall, together with the Maps and "'ith , he;

Estimates and Affidavits thereunto belonging, be delivered Thirty Days at the least before the Commission Day* ^Vci'cd rlT of the Assizes or Prelenting Term next ensuing after such Survey shall be presented to be made to the Tt^afurer Tytlafurer ° of such County, who is hereby required to cause a like Notice thereof to be posted in like Manner and at like1 Thirty Dtys Time as is required by the said Act in respect to any Survey or Re-survey made in pursuance thereof; and upon eirfuutg its appearing to the Grand Jury at such Assizes or Presenting Term, by Proof upon Oath, that Notices in the Atil2te

Torm required by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-second Year of His present Notice* being Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Pof Roads of this Kingdom, has> £ivcn (AS unrter been fervfed upon each Occupier of the Land through which inch new Road ixpropoied to be made in Manner,

and at the Time required by the said Act, and that the Road pursuant to such Re-survey. yvili -be equally or oCcupiera°, more level as, and not exceed in Length, the.Road laid down jn such preceding-Survey made by Direction of Grand Jury the Postmaster General, k shall be lawful for the Grand Jury, if they shall think proper, at such Assizes (or may present Relenting Term) lo present the said; Road in the Direction marked oat between such two Points^ either in^be such Rc-survey or in/the Survey on which the Grand jury at the preceding Assizes shall have Hated their Opinion,

or partly as in the one and partly as in the other, As they shall judge bed to be the Post Rdad thfoygh such

County, County of a Town, or City 5 and at the same Time to present all such Parts thereof as they shall approve of for a hew Line or new Lmes of Road, to be laid out, marked, and levelled, and In like Manner to present the Money r.cceffitry for-aying out the fame. 9.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing rn the said first mentioned Act or in this Act Grand, jjr/' cpntainet, shall deprive any Grand Jury of the Power of cenfiderim? and deciding upon any such Application of*

for any Pi t rentn; ci*t for any Line of Road so surveyed, or any part thereof, or rejecUng the same according tp juadl^ ° thoir Discretirfn.'/

-, '.....^1^. And

Regulations of

45 0. 3. c. 43: extended to Roads presented Under (his Art.

Copy of Grand Jury Present-merm shall be fen! to Post master General.

H G. (I)c. 14.

Limitation of Presentments in Dublin County. [S*45 c' J-5- 4?. } 14 ]

rri'fcntmenti in Dublin County may be raised by Portion

xtetirJing beyond Six Years.

[ See 45 G. 3. c. 43 $ 1?.]

Proviso as to Effect of 45 G. 3. c. 43. on such Prerent mentf. Roads (kali not be made through Huufej, &c. without Conftnt of Owiters.

Proviso as to.Road from Limerick to Galway.

[$"45 G. 3 c 43. § , .J

Grand Jury may prrfent certain. Sums for and Surveys.

AHCodveyanees «y» all Payments TOj&allConrrartt with aJJ mkruyt, made-Iron A side Two Months before the Date of the CuOW

mil&on of Bankrupt, shall be good.

C. 134, 135. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1805.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That all the Regulations, Claures, and Provisions respecting any Road to be presented by any Grand Jury, or the traversing the Presentment thereof, or respecting any Money to be raised, advanced, or accounted for under the Provisions of the said Act, (except so far as the same are altered or repealed by this Act) shall extend to any Road presented, or any Money to be raised, advanced, or expended, or any Presentment made under the Authority of this Act, as fully and effectually as if they were herein especially recited and re-enacted respecting the same.

V. Provided always, That when any Grand Jury shall present any Road to be re-surveyed pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, the Court shall cause the Clerk of the Crown to fend an attested Copy of such Presentment to the Postmaster General; and it shall not be necessary for the Postmaster General, after the Receipt of such.attested Copy, to cause such Road to be re-surveyed in Manner prescribed by the said first mentioned Act.

VI. And Whereas the Amount of Money to be raised in each Presenting Term by Presentment of Grand

Juries in the County of Dublin, before the passing of the said Act, has been limited by an Act paflTed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making,

widening, and repairing public k Roads in the County of Dublin, and fyr repealing Parts of federal Acts formerly made for that Purbofe; and it is expedient that the Amount of Money which may be presented to be raised off the said County by virtue of the said first-recited Act and of this present Act should be also limited be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Court, in any Presenting Term, to allow Presentments to raise Money in the County of Dublin, under the Authority or for the Purposes of the said first recited Act or this present Act, exceeding in the whole One fourth Part of the Sum, which such Court is authorized to allow by the said last recited Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the whole Sum which may be to be levied under the Provisions of the said first recited Act or this present Act, or either of them, in the County of Dublin^ cannot be levied within Six Years under the Provision aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County to present the Portions thereof to be respectively raised in each Year, notwithstanding such Portions may extend.beyond the Term of Six Years: Provided always, that if such Portions shall extend beyond the Term of Six Years, they shall not be less in any Onfe Year than the Sum which the Court is allowed by this Act to allow Presentments for raising ip One Year.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited Act contained shall extend'to limit the Amount of Money to be raised at any Presenting Term, in the said County of Dublin, if Presentments shall have been fiated for raising at such Term, for the Purposes of the said first recited Act or this Act, or both, the full Sum which the Court is allowed by this Act to allow Presentments for raising.

IX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said first recited Act or in this present Act contained* shall authorize any Grand Jury to present any Road to be made through any House above the Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or any Deer Park or Field inclosed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Brick* or through any planted Lawn or Avenue, or Orchard planted ^before the passing of the said first recited Act* without the Consent of the Owner thereof.

4< j 20 of 45 G. 3. c. 43, repealed. $ 10. — §38 of 45 G. 3. c. 43, recited and repealed. §11. — 45 G. 3*

44 c. 43, §32; and so much of j 17, as prohibits the bating Presentments in certain Cases, recited; and repealed. $ 12."

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when the Survey, Maps, and Estimates of the Road from Waterford. to Limerick shall be finished, Surveys, Maps, and Estimates for a Continuance thereof from Limerick to Galway shall be proceeded upon immediately, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Grand* Jury may make Presentments at Assizes, in July or August i6c6, notwithstanding Want of Notice, £cc. $ 14.

XV. And Whereas the Sums which Grand Jnries are empowered by Law to present for making Surveys and Maps of their respective Counties, have been found insufficient, Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury to present to be raised on the County at large, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole at any One or more Assizes, a Sum after the Rate of Three hundred Pounds for every Fifty thousakid Acres contained in such County, according to the County Books or usual Computation thereof, and so in Proportion, for any greater or less Quantity for the Purpose of obtaining an accurate Survey and Map of the County, and of engraving such Number of Copies thereof as the Grand Jury shall deem necessary for the Use of such County.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

[2, 2d July 1806.]

WHEREAS great Inconveniences^ and Iniustice have been occasioned by reason of the fair and honest Dealings and Transactions of and with Traders being defeated by secret Acts of Bankruptcy in Cases not already provided for, or not sufficiently provided for by Law : for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cales of Commissions of Bankrupt hereafter to be issued; all Conveyances by, all Payments by and to, and all Coat rafts and other Dealings and Transactions by and with, any Bankrupt bond side made or entered into more than Two Calendar Months before the Date of such Commission, shall, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy .committed by such Bankrupt, be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, ' in like Manner

if no such prior Act of Bankruptcy had been committed, provided the Person or Persons so dealing with

fu«h

4.6 GEORGII III.

C. 135, 136. 889

such Bankrupt had not at the Time of such Conveyance, Payment, Contract, Dealing or Tran faction, any Notice of any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, or that he was insolvent, or had flopped Payment.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Commissions of Bankrupt hereafter to be issued, all and every Person and Persons with whom the Bankrupt shall have really and bond side contrafted any Debt or Debts before the Date and suing forth of such Commission, which, if contrafted before any Act of Bankruptcy committed, " might have been proved under such Commission, shall, notwithstanding any prior Act of* Bankruptcy may have been committed by the Bankrupt, be admitted to prove such Debt or Debts, and to (land and be a Creditor under such Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatever, in like Manner as if no such prior Act of Bankruptcy had been committed by such Bankrupt, provided such Creditor or Creditors h*d not, at the Time of such Debt or Debts being contrafted, any Notice of any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which, under Commissiona of Bankrupt hereafter to be issued, it shall appear that there has been mutual Credit given by the Bankrupt and any other Person, or mutual Debts between the Bankrupt and any other Person, one Debt or Demand may' be set off against another, notwithstanding any prior Act of Bankruptcy committed by such Bankrupt before the Credit was given to, or the Debt was contrafted by such Bankrupt, in like Manner as if no such prior Act of Bankruptcy had been committed, provided such Credit was given to the Bankrupt Two Calendar Months before the Date and suing forth of such Commission, and provided the Person claiming the Benefit of such Set-off had not at the Time of giving such Credit any Notice of any prior Act of Bankruptcy by such Bankrupt committed, or that he was insolvent or had stopped Payment s Provided always, that the issuing of a Commission of Bankrupt against such Bankrupt, although such Commission shall afterwards be superseded, or the (linking of a Docket for the Purpose of issuing a Commission against such Bankrupt, whether any Commission shall have actually issued thereupon or not, shall be deemed Notice of a prior Act of Bankruptcy for the Purposes of this Act, if it shall appear that an Act of Bankruptcy had been actually committed at the Time of issuing such Commission or linking such Docket.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons against whom .any Commission of Bankrupt (hair hereafter issue, and who shall be duly found Bankrupts under the fame, shall upon obtaining his, her, or their Certificate, be discharged of and from all Debts by this Act made proveable under such Commission, and shall have the Benefit of the several Statutes now in force against Bankrupts, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such secret Acts of Bankruptcy had not been committed prior to the contrafting of such Debts.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of Bankrupt that shall be hereafter issued, shall be avoided or defeated by reason of any Act of Bankruptcy having been committed, by the Person or any of the Persons against whom such Commission shall have issued, prior to the contraftinjg the Debt of the Creditor or any of the Creditors upon whose Petition such Commission shall have issued, if such petitioning Creditor had not any Notice of such Act of Bankruptcy at the Time when the Debt to him was contrafted; but that such Commission of Bankrupt and all the Proceedings under the same shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding that such prior Act or Acts of Bankruptcy shall have been committed by such Bankrupt*

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty*efghth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or otheT Carriages, and regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

[22d July 1806.]

Bona side Creditors shall be admitted to prove Debts, noiwitMUnding any secret Art of Bankruptcy.

Mutual Debt* and Credits may Ik ler-ofl£

notwirhiiai'dm^ a tccret A rt of Bankruptcy.

What shall he deemed Notice of Ad of Ban letup* cy.

Certificate'shall discharge Bankrupts of Debts proverible under thii Ad.

Commissions cf Bankruptcy shall not be - avoided by any secret Ad of Bankruptcy corn*-mitted before contrarting the petitionin'? Creditor* Debt.

4. An Act to niter, explain, and amend an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to ht earned on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages* and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof: And Whereas the Regulations and Penalties established and imposed by the said recited Acts have proved insufficient to answer the useful and important Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient to have some additional Provisions and Regulations regarding the fame, and to fix the Number of Pafleftgers to be conveyed not only on the Roof but aHo on any Part of the Outside of Stage Coaches of other Carriages, and the Luggage to be conveyed

on the Roof thereofx And Whereas it is also expedient to extend the Provisions of the above recited Acts, and of this present Act, to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: 9 May it therefore please Your May: 11 y that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September Out thousand eight hundred and six, it shall not be lawful for the Drivers or the Owner of any Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, going or travelling for the Purpose of conveying Paflenpvrs for Hife, to and frotn different Places in Great Britain, to permit and suffer, in any Manner or Way, where ftfch Carriage is drawn by less than Four Horsefi, more than Five Persons at one and the same Time, to ride or go as Outside Passengers on or about the Outside of any such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage, exclusive of the Coachman and Guard to the fame; and if such Coach, Giaife, or Carriage, shall be drawn by Four or more than Four Horses, more than Ten Persons at

46 Geo. III. 5 X

s3 G 3. c. 7. 30 G. 3. c. 3.

One

Xu ml* of Person* ruling cm the QtiilifU of

Stage Co u In S,

in Great limited: ti*. with Two Hoifc* Five PerfuB' v ith

890

Four Horsei Ten Pc; Ions, in Winter, and i* i/> Summer.

Or ly One nger on Oi)»ch Box. Oxrers of ^r^ge Caches tha'1 icliiliic to Pennine* in rafv Dn.e; s cannci Le found.

S#»p»ice of

imm-jns on

Book-kerpr rf

|ec. fi ffk ient.

Penalty on* c; «nT»ng Parcels on Roofs of St gc Coatne^ nvote than 2 Pect h?sh.

2? G. 3. c. ir.

3 , 0.3. C. 3G thill remain in Juice, except as Kp» aled by this A <it.

Penalty on Diivers of Stage Coichcs leaving thrir lories, or n*gle<fViP£ their Puty, 40s.

Penalty c» Drivers incapab'e of driving, fro: n Intoxication or otherwise, or net accoantixg to Mi«ir Employers for Passengers

C. 136. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. i«o6.

one and the same Time to ride or go as Outside Passengers on or about the Outside of nnv such Coaeh, Chaise, or Carriage, from the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year to the First Day of Slpril in the succceding Year, exclusive of the Coachman and Guard to the fame; and if such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage, shall be drawn by Four or more Horses, more than Twelve Persons at one and the same Time to ride or go a? Outside Passengers, on or about the Outside of any such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage, from the First Day of dpril to the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, exclusive of the Coachman and Guard to the fame; under the Fines, Penalties, and Punishments, contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outfiac of Stage Coaches or other Carriages; Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorise the carrying of more than One Person on the Coaoh Box with the Coachman.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage of the like Sort, going or travelling for Hire, and conveying a greater-Number of Persons, in any Manner or Way, on or about the Outside of any such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, than are allowed by this Act, not being known, or being knov^n cannot be found, or cannot be produced by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, that in every such Case the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, going or travelling for Hire, shall be liable to all such Fines, Penalties, or other Punishments, as if such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, had been the Driver of any such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, at the Time that such Offence was committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That any Summons issued by any Justice of the Peace, commanding any Driver, Owner, or Proprietor of any Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, travelling for Hire, to appear before him at such Time or Place as to such Justice shall seem meet, fur any Offence committed against this Act, or the Acts before recited, shall be deemed good and sufficient Service in case the same be left with the known or acting Book-keeper, or any other Person having the Care of any Office where Places are usually taken or Parcels received for inch Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, in any Town into or through which any Driver offending as aforesaid, shall drive such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Driver, Owner, or Proprietor of any such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage of the like Soil going or travelling for Hire, to permit or suffer any Parcel or Parcels* or Luggage, to be conveyed on the Roof of any such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, where any Outside Passengers are conveyed on the Roof thereof, being more than Two Feet above the Roof of such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage (unless the same shall entirely consist of empty Boxes or Baskets); and every such Driver so offending, and every Owner or Proprietor where such Driver is not known, or cannot be found, being con vided of such Offence, either by his own Confession, the View of a Justice of the Peace, or the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace, or other Magistrate, acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place, where any Offence shall be committed (which Oath every such Justice or Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Foot exceeding Two Feet 5 and in case the Driver so offending shall be the Owner of such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and in Default of Payment of the said Penalties respectively, the Person and Persons so offending shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place, where such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of One Month, unless such Penalties shall be sooner paid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, in so far as the same are not altered, varied, amended, or repealed by this Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force; any Tiling io this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, going or travelling for Hire, Hopping at any Place or Places where Assistance. can be procure*!, shall quit the Box of such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, until a proper Person or Persons shall hold the Horses or Fore Horses whilst such Carriage (lops, so as to prevent them from running away, such Person or Persons to hold the same until the Driver has returned to his Box, and has in his Hands the Reins for guiding the said Horses; and if such Driver shall neglect to attend to the fame, or such Person or Persons shall quit holding the said Horses before the Driver has the Reins in his Hands, he and they being duly convicted thereof by his or their Confession, the View of a Justice or Justices, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness of Witnesses, shall be subject to, and forfeit and pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings for each Offence respectively, td he levied in the same Manner, and under the same Form of Proceedings, as are contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Section or Clause contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Hackney Coaches or other Carriages being drawn by Tw6 Horses only.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case the Driver of any such Coach, Chaise, or other Carnage, or the Person acting as Guard, shall become incapable of driving the fame, or of properly attending to the Concerns thereof by reason of Intoxication or otherwise, whereby the Safety of the Passengers may be-endangered in their Lives and Property, and not due Care or Protection afforded or given to the Property with which such Driver or Guard, or either of them, may be entrusted; or if such Driver or Guard shall not duly* account to his or their Employers, or Persons authorized by them to account with such Driver or Guard, for au Monies received by him, them, or either of them, in respect of any Passenger or Parcel conveyed or taken by such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage 5 then and in every inch Case the; Driver or Guard as the Case may be of such

Coach

A.D. 1806.46° GEORGII; HU C.J9*

Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, so offending* and being convicted thereof by his 0\yn Confession, th^ View ©fa und I'arcrli Justice (in any Case applicable thereto) or the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses t<iuM !, V before any Justice or Justices adding in and for the County, Hiding, City, Town, Diviftou, or Place, where any such Offence shall be committed, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place, where Rich Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the Justic* or Justices by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Information to be exhibited or laid by virtue Uruftatton

of this Act, shall be laid or exhibited within the Time or Space of Twenty-one Daye- from the Time or Day on Actions 11 Days, which the Offence was committed 5 and in every Case where a Summons for the Party accused is left with auy xcn d.ivsNtji cc Book keeper or other Person, as authorised by this Act, the, same shall be left at the least Ten Days before the of Appeal.

Day requiring the Party accused to appear before such Justice.

IX. Provided neverthelefa, and be it further enacted, That in case any Party or Person convicted of any Appfatto the Offence committed against this Act, shall think kimself aggrieved by any Adjudication or Conviction of any Quarter Sfi&o*, Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, under the Authority and by virtue of the Powers of this Act, where any

pecuniary Penalty attaches, it shall and may be lawful for such Party or Person so aggrieved to appeal to the next General Quart*r Session of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Town, Division, or Place, where such Offence was committed, against such Adjudication or Conviction 5 and such Justices assembled at such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, shall hear and determine the Matter and Ground of the said Appeal, and shall have Power to make such Award, Order, and Determination in the Premises, as to such Justices so affemtled shall appear jult and reasonable, and may also award such Costs to be paid by such Party or Person as to them shall Ceem meet, to be levied and recovered in such Manner, in case of Non-payment, as are allowed in any Case wherein Justices at Sessions have Power to award Costs, in Cases of Appeal had before fuel} Justices at such Sessions.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Regulations, Powers, Penalties, and Provisions con- Thi« Afland

tained in this Act, and also such of the same as are not by this Act repealed, varied, altered, or amended, and a8 G. 3. c. 57, which are contained and mentioned in the above recited Acts of the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of 30 G. 3. c. 36, His present Majesty's Reign, shall be, and are hereby enacted to be and extend to that Part of Great Britain r°

called Scotland.*r'

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties by the said first-recited Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth i»enn!tics may fee Year of His present Majesty's Reign, inflicted on Peace Officers refusing or neglecting to execute Warrants recover d.as granted by Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, shall extend to and be inflicted on under rui; cd ail Peace Officers who shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrants to be granted in pursuance of this Act:;

and that the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall and may be levied, recovered, and applied, in such and the same Manner as by the said first recited Act is directed respecting the Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby inflicted 5 and that the Forms of Proceedings relative to the several Matters contained in this Act, shall be the same as those contained in the Schedule to the said £rft recited Act, and shall be used on all Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular Circumstances of the Case; and that no Objection shall be allowed to be made, or Advantage taken, on Account of Want of Form only in any such Proceedings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act be deemed a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice PuWick Act, of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Person8 whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned; and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to be given by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Mailers and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the A miralty. [and Jtdy 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majestr, intituled, An 43 G- 3. c. 132.

*V for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of

Duties, His Majesty by his Order in Council is empowered to permit certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize ' enumerated and described in the Tables to the said Act annexed, or such other Articles which by virtue of the said Act may be added to such Tables, and which may be deemed proper and fit to be landed and lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, according to the Directions of the said Act, at any Port of Great Britain

without Payment at the Time of the First Entry of the Duties of Customs <«r Excite due on the Importation thereof* provided it Audi be made appear that such Port is with respect to the Trade and Commerce earned on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port to which it would be just aiul reasonable to extend the

Advantages by the said Act granted, and also that Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses ftialihave been built uni creded within such Port, complete, fit, and proper in every Respect for the anding and Reception of auy such

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and wherein the same may reflectively be fa rely imported and landed and iecurcly deposited according to the Nature thereof, and wherein the feme may remain uzuler the Regulations of the said Act: Apd Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty,

intituled, An Act to authorize the Commi/p^nffs of His Majesty's Treasury to jyrtvit cerUufi Articles to be Ware- 45 G. 3 c. tj.

- l 5X2 boujed

89*

+6* GEORGII in.

A.D. 1806.

C. 37-

betefedhs Sfirtnt Port* m Great Britain, upon Wwflf Security for the Payment of Duties upon tie Articles thereit

mentioned, the Benefit and Accommodation to Trade granted by the said recitea Act with respect to the Goodsr f Wares, and Merchandize, enumerated or described in the Tables to the first recited Act annexed marked (A.)

and (B.) (Tobacco excepted), and also Wine imported from the West Indies, was extended to any Port in Great Britain % although such Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses as by the said Act are required, may not be built

and erected within such Port; and the said Act having been found useful and beneficial, it is expedient to extend

the Provisiont thereof to other Goods than those therein mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common-,

Treasury nay >n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever it shall be made appear to extend the the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being. Advantages of any Three or more of them, that any Port in Great Britain is with respect to the Trade and Commerce cerul»i°Goofis carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port to which it would be just and reasonable aodfafe under 43 G. 3. to extend the Advantages granted by the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present ci othejr Majesty, although such Docks, Wharfs, and Warehouses as are thereby required, may not have been made, Foru in Gre; »r erected, or built within such Port, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the teDwk^rc8 Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands to required ihe-ehy order and direct that any of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize enumerated or described in the Tables to the he nut erected. said Act annexed marked (C)(D.) and (E.); an(* a^° Hides and such other Articles which, by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be added to such Tables, may be landed and lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured under the joint Locks of the Merchant and the Customs, and also of the Excise in Cases where Duties of Excise are payable, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs or Excise, due on the Importation thereof, any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty to the contrary not with (landing 5 And thenceforth all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities*- Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts, Matten, and Thmgs contained in the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty, or in the said Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall* fb for as the same are applicable, and except where the same are altered or varied by this Act* extend and be conftnied to extend to* the Port or Ports named in* such Order, in like Manner in every Respect and as fully and amply as if such Port or Ports had been or should be entitled to the Advantages given or granted by the said recited Acts or either of them.

4 0. 3. c. 47. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

1 intituled, An ABJor the more effeBued Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and several other Acts, certain

Ships, Vessels, and Boats therein particularly described are in certain Cases subject to Forfeiture, tmlef* the Owner thereof shall have a Licence for navigating the fame, at therein directed from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or any Person authorised by them

to grant the fame; and the Owner of every Ship, Vessel, or Boat so licensed, is required to give certain Security

as in the said Acts directed, before such Ship, Vessel, or Boat should proceed to Sea or fail out of any Port*

Harbour, or Creek in this Kingdom; And Whereas by an Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of Hit

39 h 40 G. 3. < present Majesty, intituled, AnAB to permit Blubber from the Greenland Fisheryand Davis's Straights to be boiled

c. <1. 15 L7.]

into Oil after the Arrival of the Ship from the Fishery, and for charging the Duty thereon; for altering the Convoy Duty now payable on the Importation of Opium; for repealing the Duties on tie Importation of Oil of Turpentine and ' Tar, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof; for exempting Burr Stones and Stones used for the Purpose of9Paving9 or the making or mending of Roads, from toe Duties charged thereon, when carried Coastwise; for obliging9Mailers of Ships laden with Tobacco to remove the same from their Moorings when their Cargoes are discharged;

9 and for extending Bonds given on Ftcenfing Ships, Vessels, or Boats, to all Cases wherein Ships, reffels, or Boats mat9be liable to Forfeiture; fui^her Security was required to be given , by the said Owner, that such Ship, Vessel*

9 or Boat should not be used or employed in hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or

within Four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or in any other Manner, or in any Trade or Employment whatever9contrary to the Laws in force on*and immediately before the puffing of that Act: And Whereas by an Act of

4: G. 3. f. 121- c the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more cffeBnal Prevention of Smuggling,

9 Vessels and Boats are subject to Forfeiture if found or discovered to have been in any Part of the British or9Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland having on board Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, and Snuff, inless Packages than are mentioned and described in the said Act, it is therefore expedient to make further Provision as to the Terms and Conditions of the Security to be required of the Mailers and Owners of such Vessels and Boats P Be it therefore

In tint of ti e enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu of the Bond required by the said recited Act of the B^twf »c quirtH Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, the Owner of every Vessel or Boat which shall be licensed c*; *in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall, before any such Vessel or Boat proceed to Sea or fail out

Owner* of* of any Port, Harbour, or Creek in this Kingdom, give Security by Bond in the Manner directed by the said Vrifcl* lietofed recited Acts respectively, that such Vessel ana Boat shall not be employed in the Importation or landing of any shall f ive Bond Tea or Foreign Spirituous Liquors, or any prohibited or other Goods, contrary to mo true Patent and Meaning XclinsTp'Vfbd Act of Parliament which now is or hereafter may be in force, or in» the Exportation of any-Goods which

1 1*are or maybe prohibited to be exported from this Kingdom, or in therehndWig of any Goods whatsoever

contrary to Law, which are entered Outwards fur Exportation for any Drawback or Bounty, or which are or may be prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain, and shaft not be found in any Part of the British or Irish Channels or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Port of the Coast of Great Brksm ar Ireland, or discovered to have been within the said Limits, having on board any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, or Snuff in any Manner contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of

4* Haa.

46° GEORGII III. C. r37, 138. #93

His present Majesty, and that the said Vessel or Boat shall not be employed or be found or discovered to ha*e l>een out of the Limits within which the said Vessel or Boat 19 licensed to navigate or trade, and shall not be engaged for or used in any Trade or Employment whatever, other than that described and set forth in the Licence for such Vessel or Boat, and that the said Vessel or Boat shall not be used or employed in any other Way or Manner whatever contrary to the Laws in for/e or hereafter to be made relative to the Revenue of Customs,

Cap. cxxxvni.

An Act to repeal Part of the Excise Countervailing Duty on Irish Hops imported; for granting an:

Excise Countervailing Duty on the Importation of Irish Window Glass; and to exempt Tiles made for the Purpose of draining Lands, from the Duties of Excise.

[22d July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of HU present Majesty, intituled,

7 V An Act for reducing the Duty of Excise on Hcpsy the Growth of Great Britain; it was enacted, that 45 G. 3. c. <54,

One Halfpenny of the Duty of Excise of Two-pence Halfpenny the Pound Weight Avoirdupois, granted by

4 an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties 43 G, 3. c. 69.'

4 of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof on Hops, the Growth of Great Britain, Should cease and determine: And Whereas it is expedient that the Countervailing Duties of Excise

imposed by the said last mentioned Act on Irish Hops imported from Ireland into Great Britain Should also be Countervailing reduced : Be it it therefore enacted by the lfrng's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Dmy of Excite Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the on fling of this Act, One Halfpenny of the Countervailing Great Britain*, Duty of Excise of Two-pence Halfpenny the Pound Weight Avoirdupois, granted by the said Act of the reduced from' Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 011 Irish Hops imported from Ireland into Great Britain, to id-shall cease and determine.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4. An Act for granting to His Majesty federal additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, additional Duties on 45 G. 3. c. 30.

certain Descriptions of Glass therein specified were granted to His Majesty 5 and by the said Act a Duty of Excise of Nine Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny was granted as a Countervailing Duty for and upon every

Hundred Weight of Irish Window Glass, (not being Spread Glass), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured,

and commonly called or known by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, which Should be imported into Great Brksnn directly from Ireland: And Whereas the said last mentioned Duty of Nine ^Shillings and 1 Ten-pence Halfpenny was not a Countervailing Duty to the Duties by the said Act granted, inasmuch as

such Countervailing Duty Should have been Fourteen Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny; and it is therefore

expedient that a further additional Countervailing Duty of Five Shillings Should be imposed for every Hundred Weight of such Glass so imported, and that the same Should take place from the Time of granting the said Countervailing Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten<pence Halfpenny as if the said Duty had been the proper

Countervailing Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny; Be it therefore enacted, That from Cjunrcrvafling and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain^ to* Duty of 5s. pe* and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Hundred Weight of Irish Window

Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether ftalhedor otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by |mp^ed*

the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glassy which shall have been since the granting of the said Counter- inro Great

vailing Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny, or which shall hereafter be imported in Great Britain Britain, in

directly from Ireland, a further Countervailing Duty of Five Shillings, in Addition to the said Countervailing addition to

Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny granted by the said Act 5 and that the said further additional 9s-^o{d^under

Duty of Five Shillings shall be received, leviea, collected, paid, applied, and accounted for, under, subject, iMmpuCe*

and according to all the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, made by the said recited Act, or by any other Act by that A A*

or A6is of Parliament now in force, as to the said additional Countervailing Duty of Excise of Nine Shillings and

Ten-pence Halfpenny so granted by the said recited Act as aforesaid, and as if the full Countervailing Duty of

Fourteen Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny had been granted by the said Act; and all Drawbacks of Duty

regulated by the Amount of the said Countervailing Duties shall be regulated and allowed by such full Counter-

vauing Duty of Fourteen Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny from the Time of granting the said Countervailing-

Duty of Nine Shillings and Ten-pence Halfpenny, in like Mannei a*if the full and proper Countervailing Duty

had been granted by the said recited Act.

Ilf. And Whereas by the Laws now in force a certain Description of Tiles, made for the Purpose of Tile* of cmai.i]

draining Lands, are exempted from the Duties chargeable on Tiles: And Whereas it is expedient to- allow Tiles ot other Descriptions to be made for such Purpose free of the Duties of Excise f Be it therefore further rfJJning w«roc enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons martky Land* whatsoever to make for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marihy Lands, free of the Duties of Excise* Tiles: exempted treat bent into a semi-elliptical Form, the Width of which, measured on the Inside thereof, shall not in* any Part *e?"iy exceed Six Inches, and the Height of which when so bent as aforesaid^ taken- from the Outside of the Crown of the Arch thereof in a perpendicular Line to the extreme Edge thereof, shall in all Cases exceed the Width measured as aforesaid, but with a Foot or Projection from the Bottom of the Arch where the same shall be found necessary, not exceeding Two Inches in Breadth, for the Purpose of keeping up the said Tile9 in loose or friable Sods; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1806.

Tiic.

41 O.3-c. 3«.

89, C. 138, 139. +e' GEORGII III.

Penalty on male-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who shall ufrany Tiles by this Act .WV"? exem?te^rom Duty for any other Purpose than draining wet or marftiy Lands, on being convicted thereof shall aiun so^d taming ^or^t a»d Pay a Penalty of Sixpence for every Tile so used contrary to the Meaning of this Act, to be recovered. Lands, 6d. per levied, and applied, as any Penalty in any Act relating to Duties on Tiles may be recovered, levied, and applied.

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[22d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present' Majesty, intituled, An 4 '^AS for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale hr ewe i in, or imported into Great Britain;

on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in, or imported into, Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and /tie 5 and for

presenting Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale, end Malt: And Whereas it is expedient,

that certain of the Provisions of the said Act, in relation to the wetting or sprinkling of any Grain making

into Malt, in any Stage of Operation after it has been taken out of the Steeping Vat, should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand, ei^ht hundred and six, so much of the said recited Act as prohibits the wetting or sprinkling of any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation, after it shall have been taken from the Steeping Vat, until the Expiration, of Twelve Day?, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases in which any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six. 44 Maltsters who have, since April 5, 1806, wetted Corn Nine Days after taken from the Sleeping Vat, indem- nified against Penalties." §2.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall wet. water, or sprinkle, or cause or suffer to be wetted, watered,

1 ie, s or ^P^nhled, any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation after the same thall1 than*21*6 Hour* ^ave been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used* outof thectfrrn, ^or steeping such Corn or Grain, for and until the full End and Expiration of Two hundred and fifteen Hours, on Pain of forfeiting for ever)* such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Workman, Servant, or Labourer, employed by or in the Service of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall wet, water, or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation whatever, after the same shall have been emptied, throwifj or taken from or out of

30. of recited prohibiting the wetting of Corn in a State of Opmtion, repealed.

No Maltster shall water any Grain making into Malt less

Penalty 2sol.

Penalty on Workmen wetting Corn

ol1 or Tm*r 1 fCiftern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Corn or Grain, until the full End and* hunt not cacecd- Expiration of Two hundred and sixteen Hours after the fam. shall have been emptied, thrown, or taken from, ing Twelve or out of any such Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Corn or Grain ay

Month*. aforesaid, and before such Corn or Grain shall be put or laid on the Kiln, every such Workman, Servant, or

Labourer as aforesaid, so offending, shall and may be apprehended by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and'

taken before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Workman, Servant, or Labourer 'shall be found, and it shall and maybe

lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, on the Parties Confession of any inch

Offence, or on Proof thereof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, every Workman, Servant, or Labourer so proved to have been guilty of any such Offence, and every such Workman, Servant, or Labourer convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such Conviction pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and if any such Workman, Servant, or Labourer so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he or they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit the Party so convicted as aforesaid, to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respective'y, thereto remain to be kept to hard Labour for any Time.not exceeding Twelve Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction; and the Person so convicted shall not be discharged until he or she Ilia have paid the said Penalty* or until the Expiration of the Time for which such Commitment was made.

V. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether an Appeal lies in certain Cases relating tQ or concerning the making of Malt, or the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or Forfeiture relating tolhe fame, from any Judgement,

Order, or Determination^ or any Conviction of Justices of the Peace, to the Justices assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for obviating which Doubts, be it further declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement, Order, Determination, or Conviction of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in any Case relating to or concerning-the making of Malt, or any of the Duties on Malt, or any Penalty or Forfeiture relating to the fame, to appeal from such Judgement or Order to the Justices assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hph}cu for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place in which such Judgement shall have been given, .-or Order, Determination, or Conviction made, which said Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine of and concerning the Truth of the Fasts and Merits of the Case in Question between the Parties, to such Judgement, Order, Determination, - or Conviction respectively; and if atluch Quarter Sessions any Deleft or Defects of Form shall be found in such Proceedings before the Justice or Justices who gave such Original Judgement, Order, Determination, or Conviction, that

then

Appeal given to etc i.irtcr

S Hl'-ltS on all Convictiont

rel.ir.ui' ro Malt

A.D. 1806. 4', ° GEORGGII TIL C. 139. 895

then and in every such Case such Defcft or Defers of Form shall he rectified and amended by the Order or Orders of such Justices so assembled at such Quarter Sessions; any Things herein or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and no Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to set aside any Determination or Order of the said Justices of the Peace so assembled at the Quarter Sessions:

Provided always, that upon every such Appeal the said Justices so assembled at such Quarter Sessions shall and do proceed to re-hear, re examine, and re-consider the Truth of the Fails, and the Merits of the Case in Question between the Parlies to such original Judgement, Order, Determination or Con vision, and to re examine thereto upon Oath the same Witnesses, or any of them, and no other, who shall have been before examined upon Oath as Witnesses before the Justices of the Peace at the original Hfaring on which the Judgement, Order, Determination, or Conviction so appealed from was or were given.

VI. And Whereas an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty, Queen Anne,

intituled, An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, and Cyder, and Perry, for the Service i* Ann*, ft. n 4 of the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth Duplicites of Lottery Tickets loft, c. 2.

burnt, or defrayed; and for enl urging the Tune f r adjtfling Claims in several Lottery A3s; and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of Lottery Orders, and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp Duties on ettflomary Estates which pass by Deed and Copy: And Whereas another Act passed in the present Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the 46 G. 3. c. z*

Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred ani fix: And Whereas some of the Penalties mentioned in the said Aftshave been found inefficient; it is therefore expedient that they should be increased Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, every Maltster or Penalty on Maker of Malt shall monthly and every Month make a true Entry at the next Office of Excise, of all the Maltster* nor Malt by him, her, or them made in such Month respectively, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect to make J?ft The' any such Entry as last aforesaid, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in lieu and mstead of the Sum of Ten office of Escife Pounds mentioned in the said recited Act of Queen Anne. of the Malt

made by them, tool- (inst ad of iol. under 12 An. It. j. c. z.§ 4.)

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred Penalty for

and fix, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey away any Malt or any froTTofficer!* Corn or Grain making into Malt, from the Sight or View of the Gauger or Gaugers, or Officer or Officers of jn it cad of Excise taking an Account of the fame, or under whose Survey such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall then 'be, 10s, per Buflicl the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under 12 Anne in lieu and instead of Ten Shillings*imposed in the said recited Act of Queen Anne. §35» L*for tvtry

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred Penalty for andfi^, no Maltster or other Person making Malt for Sale, shall erect or set up, alter or enlarge, or make use cuiern2

of any Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil, or other Vessel for the wetting or steeping any Barley or other Corn or without Entry Grain, for the making of Malt, or any Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place, for the making or keeping of 200l. (inrtead of Malt, or keeping of Corn or Grain into Malt, without first making a true and particular Entry thereof, in 50l. under Writing, at the next Office of Excise, or shall keep or make use of any private Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil, or 12 u

other Vessel, for the wetting his or her Barley or other Corn or Grain, to make Malt other than such as are*3* openly known or made use of in his or her common Malting House, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Cistern,

Uting Vat, Utensil, or other Vessel, Kiln, Floor, Room, or other Place, so ereftea or set- up, altered or enlarged, kept private or concealed, or made use of without such Notice as aforesaid, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds in lieu and instead of the Sum of Fifty Pounds mentioned in the said recited Act of Queen Anne.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and together

fix, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt should tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the Cistern, Uting Vat, , n the Cistern, or Couch, any Corn or Grain steeping or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, every such Maltster &c.Corn making or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and loic the Sum of One hundred Pounds instead of the Sum of Five Shillings Malt, or for for every Bushelof Corn or Grain so steeped and trodden, mentioned in the said recited Act of this present ^"cther

Session of Parliament 5 and if any Corn or Grain in any Cistern, Uting Vat, or Couch, steeping or fteepetl, in (inrtead'of

order to the making thereof into Malt, by any Maltster or Maker of Malt, is or shall be found so hard, close, 5, fiuthel, and compact as it could not be unlefe the same had by some Means or other been forced together to prevent the under 46 G. > riling and swelling thereof, every Maltster or Maker of Malt, where the same shall be so found, shall in every* c. 2* §

such Case forfeit andlofe the Sum of One hundred Pounds, instead of the said Sum of Five Shilings per Buftiel IncreAfe of in the recited Act of this present Session of Parliament; and if on any Supervisor or other Officer of Excise in Quantity Great Britain, or any Person or Persons employed by them for that Purpose, in the Presence of such Maltster* conclusive or Maker of Malt, or his, her, or their Servant (if such Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Servant shall think fit Fraud?1*" to be present at such Operation) throwing or removing all the Corn or Grain from or out of any Couch which such Supervisor or Officer shall suspect to have been trodden, rammed, or otherwise forced together, and on such Supervisor or Officer or other Person or Persons throwing and laying the same level in such Malt-house, any Increase shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain exceeding the Rate of One Bushel in every Twenty Bushels over and above the Quantity which the same appeared to he by the previous Gauge thereof, taken in the Couch, then and in every such Case Proof being made of such Increase as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed conducive Evidence that such Maltster or Maker of Malt did tread, ram, or otherwise force together, the said Corn or Grain in the Conch, or that the same was so hard, close, and compact as it could not be unless the same had by some means or other been forced together to prevent the riling and swelling thereof 5 and shall subject the Maltster or Maker of Malt to the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

Penalty on fraudulently removing or mixing Storpingi of Corn making into Malt) ice. tool, (in 11 tad of tool, under 46 G. 3. c. a.

»5-)

Form of Con vision.

"Recovery and

Application of Fena ties and Forfeitures.

Powers of 11 Car. 2. c. 24, £cc. relating to the Excise, extended to this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and Ox, if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away, from the Cistern, Uting Vat, or other wetting Place, or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed away with and amongst any other Corn or Grain, or if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey or cause or procure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away from the Cistern, Uting Vat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Corn or Grain so conveyed away can be taken in the Couch by the Officer, thep and in each of the said Cases every such Maltster or MaV*r of Malt so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, in lieu and instead of the Sum of One hundred Pounds in the said recited Act of this prefect Session of Parliament mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction by or before any Just ice of the Peace, for any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, may be made in the Form following; to wit,

gE it remembered, That on the Day of, in the Year of our Lord

A.B. was, on the Complaint of C. Z). he the said C.D. then and

there being an Officer of Excise, convicted before us. Two of the Justices of the Peace for the County of

1 [or for the Riding or Division of the County of, or for the City, Liberty, District,

' or Town of, as tbs Cast/ball happen to be] in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, [or as the Case may be]. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year above written.'

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchemier in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue For the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards ana Liveries, and Tenures in

capitCy and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling & Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cales for which other Penalties are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually, to {all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

Commencement of Act 1st August 1806; Continuance 25th March 1807* f !4*

CAP. OXL.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of England and Scotland respectively, as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the said Militia.

[22d July 1806."]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And §117.] c Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty-second Year aforesaid, intituled, An Act to ratfe and ejlabltfb a §*ii 3*.?l*Militia Force in Scotland: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third

33 g. 3. (I.)

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and reducing into One AO of

c. a*. [Sc §99.] ' Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in Ireland 1 And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty- 3 C-i 5* 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, AnAR to consolidate and amend the Provisions of

t er §37-J t the several Acts relating to the Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers ih Great Britain, and to make further Regulations ' relating thereto: And Whereas it is in the said; recited Acts respectively enacted, That from the Date of His Majt fly's Warrants for drawing out the Militia into actual Service, the Officers and Men of the Milithf shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's other Infantry Forces, or as other T Regiments of Foot receive, and no other; and that Persons enrolled in Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers, when9assembled in certain Cases specified in the said recited Act, shall receive Pay after the same Rates as His Recited Act* Majesty 8 other Forces: And Whereas it may be expedient to increase the Pay of the Officers and Men of fliitl not extend Majesty's other Forces, in certain Cases; ' May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said recited Acts, or either of them contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give to the Officers or Men of the Militia, or Officers or Men of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps of England', Scotland, or Ireland, respectively, any Increase of Pay, by reason of any Increase of Pay given since the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, or which may hereafter be given to any Officers or Men of His Majesty's Regular Forces; any Thing in tht said recited Acts, or either of thepi, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

to increase the Pay of Militia, or Volunteer* called into Sciviee, notwithstanding any increase of Fay to the tU^users.

46° GEORGII III.

0.14 r.

89/

CAP. CXLI.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom; [Z2d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 'An Act for better examining and auditing the Publick Account of this Kingdom: And whereas a certain

other Act was passed, in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign/intituled, An Act to amend an 4 /ff made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better examining and 1auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain Cases to allow of Vouchers, although not famped according to Law: And whereas a certain other Act was passed, in the said Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Publick Accounts of Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient that some further Provisions should be made for the more speedy and effectual Examination and Audit of the Publick. Accounts of this Kingdom be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice* and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Persons executing the Office of Comptrollers of Army Accounts shallceafe to be Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom; and that the Two Offices of Comptrollers of Army Accounts and Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, shall thenceforth be wholly foparate and distinct, and shall not be held or executed by the fame, Persons.

II. And be it further enacted, That at any Time within Two Months after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to nominate and appoint such Number of Persons, including therein the Persons who shall at that Time hold the Situation of Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, as shall make the Number of such Commissioners amount to Ten in the Whole, who shall thenceforth be the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom, and shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall have the same Powers, Authorities, and perform the same Duties, and be subject and liable to the same Controul, as the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the above recited Acts, or any of them.

HE And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may, by such Letters Patent as aforesaid, grant to the several Persons therein named the following Salaries and Allowances; (that is to say), to the Person first named therein, who shall be Chairman of the Commission, a Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum9 and to the other Commissioners a Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum each, which Salaries respectively shall be clear of all Fees and Deductions to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, may allow such Sums as to them shall seem fit, from Time to Time, for the Salaries of the several Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed under the said Commissioners, and for the incidental Expences to be incurred in the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to subdivide the General Board of the said Ten Commissioners into such and so many Boards, and to apportion the Business of auditing and examining the said Accounts, as well such as are now in Arrear as all present and future Accounts among the several Boards, and to allot the Officers, Assistants, and Clerks to each of fuclrrespective Boards, as to them shall seem expedient.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Date of such Letters Patent as aforesaid, no Vacancy which may arise in the Number of such Commissioners shall be filled up by the Appointment of any other Commissioners, without the further Authority of an Act of Parliament for the Purpose of authorizing stich Appointment, until the Number of such Commissioners shall be reduced to Five or less; in which Case His Majesty may from Time to Time, as often as any such Vacancy shall happen, appoint new Commissioners, so as to keep up their Numbers always to Six: Provided always, that on the Death, Resignation, or other legal Avoidance of the Chairman of the said Commission, His Majesty may frotn Time to Time nominate and appoint such other of the said Commissioners to be Chairman of the General Board, as to His Majesty shall seem expedient, and may grant to such Chairman a Salary of One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum in the Whole, clear of all Fees and Deductions: Provided also, That if at any Time the House of Commons shall, by Address to His Majesty, state that the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom are so far brought up, examined, and stated, as to render unnecessary the Continuance of all the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to remove any one or more of the said Commissioners whose Name shall stand last in the Commission to be granted by His Majesty so as that the whole Number remaining in the Commission shall not be thereby reduced to lets than Six. '

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Thing which is herein or under the Authority of this Act, or in and by the said recited Acts directed to be done by the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or by any of the Boards into which the said Commissioners may be divided, may be done by the Majority of the said Commissioners, or by the Majority of any of the said Boards respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons liable to account before the said Commissiont r*, shall, within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and within Three Calendar Months at the latest after the same Day in every fiiture Year/deliver into or transmit to the Office of the said Commissioners an Account Current of all Sums of Money received and paid by

46 Geo. III. 5 Y then*

25 G. 3. c. 52. 45 G. 3- c. 55.

45 G.3. c 91.

Comptroller of Army Accounrs, fty.li not be AiHirors of

Publick

Account*.

His Majesty mxf appoint Ten Com midi >ners fur Auditing the Public k Accounts.

Salaries of Commissionersn

Treasury may allow Salaries tn Clerks, Sec. and

incidental

Expences.

Treasury may

subdivide Commissioners into B>«rds, and jpfortmn their Bufincfi.

No Vacancy shall be filled up without Act, of Pailiiment, so as to keep the Number abov? Six.

Chairman.

F; ur i»fvnr Con>«niflionen n»u\ he removed.

The M*iorbv of site Commifli iters of any Board a Quorum.

All Publick Vceountants YiU transmit*Yearly Account! tu Commissioners

S98

whhln Thre« M-->nihi after ChriQma*, &c.

Such Year'lv Acrotmr shall not prc«.!ti«fr f.htr Accounts.

How Account iiall be attciied.

Paymaster of the Forces, &c. shall transmit Accounts of Money jffued to ethers, and Commissioners may charge such Persons as 5ub-accountanri.

Commissioner* mny allow such Money in Accounts of )>nncipal Accountants.

No Accountant lh.il! he allowed any Sum paid 16 a Sub-arccunt-anf, unIt f* Accounts shall be transmited as by this Act ii directed. 35g-3-c. 51.§j8. and 45 G. 3. § I. sf^caicd in part.

C. 141. 4.6' GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

them for the Publick Service within the preceding Yea r, whether the said Sum of Money or nny of them were received or paid for the Service of such Year, or otherwise, together with the Vouchers-for such Receipts or Payments, accompanied by a Schedule of the fame, signed by the Accountant, or by some Person duly authorized on his Behalf; unless it has been iifual fur any Account to be made up to any different Period in the Year, in which Case such Account, together with the Vouchers- and Schedule thereof, may bi delivered or transmitted within Three Calendar Months at the latest after such usual Period of making up fell Account respectively 5 and that such Schedule shall forthwith, after the Delivery thereof, be compared with the said Vouchers, by the proper Officer in the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts, and if found to correfpood with the fame, a Duplicate thereof shall immediately be made out and signed by such Officer, and be delivered or transmitted to the Accountant if the Accountant shall require him so to do: Provided always, that the Delivery or Transmission of such Account, and Vouchers by such Accountant, shall not exonerate the Parties from making up and delivering or transniitting Inch other Accounts applicable to the Service of each Year or Period, without Regard to the Year or Period when such Sums were received or paid as may be required of them by the Course and Usage of Office, or by any Determination of the said Commissioners; but that all such last mentioned Accounts shall continue to be made up, and shall be delivered into or transmitted to the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts within Three Calendar Months at the laleft after the Date of the last Receipt or Payment to be included therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Account to be delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts may be attested before any Baron of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer, or the Cursitor Baron, or the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, or any of the Boards into which the said Commissioners shall be divided, or the Majority of the said Commissioners or of any of the said Boards, or any Commissioners for taking Affidavits in any of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer, or any of His Majesty's MiniHers to Foreign States, or the chief or any principal Magi (Irate of any Place out of the United Kingdom, where the Person attesting the same may reside at the Time of inch Attestation,

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, the Treasurer of the Navy, the Treasurer of the Ordnance, or any other publick Officer, shall pay, issue, or deliver to any Person or Persons whomsoever Money for Publick Services, by way of Imprest, or on Account, or shall direct any Monies to be charged to the Account of any such Person or Persons, then and in every such Case such Paymaster, Treasurer, or other Officer shall, within Three Calendar Months after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and within Three Calendar Months after the Thirty-first Day of ^December in every future Year, transmit to the said Commissioners a Certificate of all and every Sum and Sums so paid, issued, delivered, or charged by him within the preceding Year, together with the Name and Description of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been respectively paid, issued, delivered, or charged, and the said Commissioners shall thereupon, without any Delay, take the same into Consideration; and if it shall appear to them that any of the Persons to whom, or for Account of whom, Publick Monies shall be so certified to nave been paid, issued, delivered, or charged, ought to be made Sub-Accountants, and that the said Sum or Sums so certified should be set insuper upon such Person in the Account of such Publick Officer, when the same shall be declared, they shall forthwith give Notice thereof to such Publick Officer, and shall also transmit a Schedule or Certificate thereof to His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who shall immediately, on the Receipt of such Schedule or Certificate, put the several Sums so paid or issued in charge against the Parties, in like Manner as is practised with respect to Persons who receive Money by way of Imprest, and upon Account, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer: Provided always, that in Cases where such Issue, Payment, Delivery, or Charge shall have been made or directed in Parts beyond the Seas; and by any Deputy or Assistant of such Paymaster, Treasurer, or other Officer acting on his Behalf, it shall be sufficient if the Certificate thereof shall be so transmitted, within Three Months after the Receipt of Notice thereof, at th* Principal Office of such Paymaster, Treasurer, or other Officer.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts shall not, by the Transmission of any such Schedule or Certificate of His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, be precluded from afterwards allowing any such Sum or Sums in the Discharge of the Account of any such Publick Officer, instead of setting the same insuper upon the Person or Persons to whom or for Account of whom the same shall have been paid, issued, delivered, or charged, if such Publick Officer shall duly account for the fame, or if satisfactory Proof shall be exhibited to the said Commissioners of such Sum or Sums having been duly expended for the Publick Service; in which Cases the said Commissioners shall transmit a Certificate thereof to His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who shall immediately, upon the Receipt of such further Certificate, strike out the Name or Names of the Parties against whom such Sums were put in Charge from the Imprest Roll; and such Parties shall from thenceforth be discharged from any other or further Account for the same.

XII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, it was enabled, that no Accountant-

should be allowed in his Account any Sum which he mould issue or pay aver to any Sub-accountants, unless he should have transmitted to the said Commissioners regular Acccounts thereof, in the Manner and within the

Times therein mentioned, unless Proof should be produced, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer,

4 or the Commissioners of the Treasury, that any Failure of transmitting the same did not happen from the wilful Neglect of the Person i (Tuing or paying over the Money as aforesaid: And Whereas by the said first recited Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid, the Period provided by the said first recited Act of the Twenty-fifth*4 Year aforesaid, for the Delivery of the Accounts therein mentioned, was extended; be it enacted, That the said next herein-before recited Provisions of the said Acts respectively shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that no Accountant shall henceforth be allowed in his Account any Sum which he shall issue or pay over to

any

46° GEORGII III.

C. 141.

899

ny Sub-accountants, unless he shall have transmitted to the said Commissioners such regular Accounts as are in this Act directed, unless Proof shall be produced, to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, that any Failure of traufmkting the same did not happen from the wilful Neglect of such principal Accountant.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Accountant or Sub-accountant shall pay, or cause to be paid, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or into the Bank, on account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, if so directed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury', the Whole of the Money with which he shall stand charged, and shall exhibit to the said Commissioners roofs of his having done so, they shall grant him a Certificate thereof, upon the Exhibition of which Certificate at the several Offices of the Exchequer where he may respectively (land charged he shall forthwith be discharged of such Sums, and be relieved from rendering any Account thereof, for which Discharge he shall not be liable to pay any Fees.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, that any Sum or Sums shall have been paid or expended by Orders from any Person having competent Authority, and employed in His Majesty's Service in Parts beyond the Seas, (such Person not being himself the Accountant for such Payment or Expenditure), and that such Sum or Sums ought not to have been so paid or expended, or ought not to be charged against the Publick, the said Commissioners shall, after Proof of the actual ayrr.ent or Expenditure of such Sum or Sums, give Notice of such their Opinion, to the Person by whose Orders or under whose Authority such Payment or Expenditure shall have been made; and if, ' upon hearing such Allegations in the Case as may be made by or on Behalf of such Person, they shall dill be of Opinion that he ought to be charged with such Expenditure, they shall report the Case to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, who, if they shall see Cause, shall by Warrant under their Hands authorize the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, to set such Sum or Sums insuper upon such Person in the declared Account of the Party wrho shall have actually made the Payment or Expenditure, in like Manner as if such Sum had been actually paid over to such Person on Account: Provided always, that nothing herein1 contained shall extend to deprive such Person, if he (halTthink himself aggrieved by any such Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, from applying by Motion to the Court of Exchequer for Relief, and the said Court shall thereupon make such Order as they shall think fit: and if they shall see sufficient Cause to grant the Relief prayed by or for such Person he shall be relieved from rendering any Account for such Sum or Sums.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow to the Credit of any Accountant any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, on any Account of Expenditure incurred previous to the passing of this Act, and any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds on any Account of Expenditure that shall be incurred subsequent to the passing of this Act, although no written Voucher of the actual Payment of such ^Sum shall be produced to them, in Cases wdiere upon Statements -of the Accountants rendered on Oath, and after sufficient Enquiry the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Sums shall have been atlually and properly disbursed for the Publick Service; and that all due Diligence shall have been used by the Accountant to procure such Voucher.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when a Voucher produced by any Accountant for any Account whether delivered in or not prior to the passing of this Act, shall be defective from the Want of any Certificate or other Document winch ought to have accompanied such Voucher; it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon Proof to their Satisf?; dlion that the Accountant did not wilfully neglect to procure Inch Certificate or Document, c. d that the Sum specified in the Voucher shall have been actually and propnly disbursed for the Publick Service to admit such Voucher as a sufficient Discharge of the said Accountant, and to allow the Amount of the same to his Credit: Provided also, that in all Cases where any Sum shall be allowed to the Credit of any Accountant, either without any written Voucher, or upon an impcrfedl Voucher, the Particulars and Amount of such Allowances shall be specified to the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in the Statement of the Account in which such Allowances may be made, in order that the same may he considered and confirmed., or difallewed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Comtuiffloners of the Treasury, previous to the Declaration of any fitch Account.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, so often as they shall think fit, call upon all Accountants, Sub-accountants, Commissaries, Storekeepers, or other Persons whomsoever, to whom or to whose Order or Care any Publick Money, or any Stamps, Provisions, or Stores, the Property of His Majesty, shall be or shall have been issued, delivered, or intruded, to account to them the said Commissioners for the Receipt, Expenditure, or Issue thereof, within a Time to be by them limited; and on the Failure of the Accounts bring delivered accordingly, within the Time fu limited, the said Commissioners shall, in every Case where they shall see Cause, transmit special Certificate, containing the Name of such Defaulters, to His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, and shall give Notice thereof to His Majesty's Attorney General in J'.vpLituI or Ireland, His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, or His Map fly's Attorney General in any of the Colonies or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, 'as the Case may require* in order that such Motions, Suits, Bills, or Process may be made, mftitutod, filed, or issued by the said Officers against any such Defaulter, as may be necessary to compel him to deliver in his Accounts as directed by the said Commissioners, unless upon Application of the Parties, dating son.e special and sufficient Cause of Delay, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall grant their Warrant to stay the Proceedings for such reasonable Time 0rTi1r.es as they, shall think fit; and the said Commissioners shall Twice in each Year, andelicct, in Hilary and Trinity Terms, transmit to His Majesty's said Remembrancer, a Certificate containing the Names of all

5 Y 2 Perfo.ns

How Accmint-

nnh may Sc difclaiged on C'vmc u of Money into the Exchequer.

Hnw Sums paid by Older of Per font in foreign Parts, not beii.g Accountants, shall be accounted for and ciucked.

Commifli'mcrt

may a b»w Irnall Sum*«itliout Voucher*.

Commiflj inert

; na* allow impnfitt # V one nett.

AM A l'ttrancf

ivjfi-oul Voucher?, &c shall*c I t< d to the

Tnafury.

C mm'fli inen empowered to

c. t up? n Ac-irouiiunts t» prori.ee ihcir Accoun's; if Accounts .ire n.»r produc-d,

Cn ufirarrs thereof shall be p». fented l-i ibc E'.chequer, Jet. who m y corn* pci Account.

c.

£omptrol>ri of A-my Accounts m; iy examine Arc»ronT}>, &c. of CoiumiHaricj, iic. for Military Expenditure: iexcept Ordnance.}

Exchequer may fine l*c f n< refuting so to account.

M«>H- of charging P.rfons waiting or embetxling Publick. Stoics.

Commissioneri, he. having ac«junted to the Comptrollers, not liable to account to Auditoi s. Penalty on false Evidence, Perjury.

Commissioners disabled from being Members of Parliament. Oath of C^mnaiffioneis.

C. t+r, F42. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Persons whose Account of Monies received and expended shall have been received in the Office of the said Commissioners within the preceding Half Year, in order that the usual Process may not issue against such Persons or any of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and they are hereby authorized to require all Commissaries, Storekeepers^ or other Persons, to whom or to whose Care Or Order any Publick Money, Provisions* or Stores, the Property of His Majesty, shall have been delivered or intruded on account of any Military Service, except for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance, to account to them the said Comptrollers for the Receipt and Expenditure, Issue or other Disposal thereof, within a Time-to be by them limited; and that the said Comptrollers may also call before them all Accountants, Sub-accountants, Commissaries, Storekeepers, or other Persons whom they shall see Cause to examine respecting any Point oi Military Expenditure, or Supply, and may compel the Production of all Accounts, Books, Returns, Vouchers, and other Papers and Documents relating to any such Point, and may examine such Persons upon Oath relative thereto, which Oath they the said Comptrollers and each of them respectively are hereby authorized to adrr.inifter; and in case of Failure by any Person to comply with any such the lawful Requisitions of the said Comptrollers, every such Person so refilling shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine to His Majesty as the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the said Court by the said Comptrollers, or by His Majesty's Attorney General, shall think (it to set and impose, which Fine the said Court is hereby authorized and empowered to set and impose accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where upon the Examination of the Account of any Commissary, Storekeeper, or other Person for the Receipt, Expenditure, or Delivery of any Publick Money, or any Stamps, Provisions or Stores, the Property of His Majesty, the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts shall be of Opinion that any Articles have been embezzled, wasted, loft, damaged, or destroyed by the wilful Misconduct or Neglect of any such Commissary, Storekeeper, or other Person, they shall, after the Examination of such Evidence as they may think necessary to ascertain the Value of such Articles, charge the said Person with such Sum as in their Judgement shall be the Amount of the Loss which shall have thereby accrued to the Publick; and that in all Cases where the Comptrollers of Army Accounts (ballon any such Examination be of Opinion that any such Loss has accrued to the Publick, they shall transmit a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, to the Intent that such Loss may be so ascertained and, charged as aforesaid, and that Notice of such Charge, when so ascertained, shall in either case be transmitted to the King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, and to the Party to be charged therewith.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Commiflanr, Storekeeper, or other Perfrpn, to whom or to whose Care or Order any Provisions or Stores the Property of His Majesty, shall have been delivered for the Purpose of any Military Service whatever, and who shall have rendered a satisfactory Account thereof to the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, shall be liable to render any further Account thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts.

XXI. And be it further enacted, Tlxat in case any Person or Persons in the Course of their Examination upon Oath before the Commissioners to be appointed as herein-before provided, or their Successors, or before the Comptrollers of Army Accounts, shall wilfully and corruptly give falie Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful andeorrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, before they shall enter upon the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Acts and this Act, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, which he is hereby authorized and required to administer, the Tenor whereof shall be as follaweth; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, that according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and 4 A truly execute the several Powers and Truds veiled in me by several Acts passed in the Twenty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, and by an Act, intituled, An Act for [here insert the Title 4' of the Act .]'

CAP. CXLII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods Forests.

[2 2d July l 806 ]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

4* for establishing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks,

and Chafes: And Whereas it is expedient that some further and more effectual Provisions should be made for that Purpose : Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Recited Confint of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

lepcaled. Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

Every Officer

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Officer appointed to any Office by under the Sur- or under the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, shall take the following veyor Genial of Oath to be administered to him by the said Surveyor General or by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, if

nU'Majewy 4

46° GEORGII II.

C. 142.

901

All Rctom*, EOimares, and Accounts of Timber, Trees, Inclosurei, Works &c. to be dent in the said Woods shall be signed and verified on 0..th before Just ice or the Surveyor General.

Returns, &c. shall before'Verification oq Oath, be transacted to ihe Surveyor General, & c.

the said Surveyor General shall direct that any such Officer shall be sworn before any Justice of the Peace or Woods, Sec. shall Magistrate, and which Oath may in any such case be administered by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate9 ^th

(that is to say), o owing a

I A.B. do fwea*-, that I will truly, honestly, faithfully, and diligently execute the Duties of the Office to

which I have been appointed, by (or underJ the Surveyor Generm of the Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes

and that I will not, for the Execution thereof or on any other Account or Pretext whatsoever, receive, take, or

accept in respect of the said Office at any Time, any Perquisite of any Description, or any Emolument, pecu-

niary or other, except or beyond the Salary an4 Allowances (if any) specified in the written Instrument by

which I have been appointed. 1 So help me GOD.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Returns and Estimates of the Quantity, Quality, and Value of Timber Trees, Coppice and Underwood, and of or concerning Inclosures,

Buildings, Repairs, Plantations, and other Works, to be done and executed by and under the Authority and £)irtdlions of His Majesty's Surveyor General of the said Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, and also all Accounts of Monies received and expended for or on Account of the Sale of any such Timber Trees, Coppice, or Underwood, and for or on Account of any such Inclosure. Buildings, Repairs, Plantations, or other Works, and for or on Account of any Matter or Thing which shall be made or rendered by any Officer under His Majesty's said Surveyor General, or by any other Person employed by or under him, (by.ll within a convenient Time after the same shall be completed, be subscribed wdth the Name, and in the Hand-writing, and verified by the Oath of such Officer or other Person \ such Oath to be administered and certified in Writing, upon such Report, Estimate, or Account, either by some Justice of the Peace, or by the said Surveyor General, at the Discretion of the said Surveyor General; which Oath such Surveyor General, is hereby authorized and required to administer or direct to be administered by such Justice of the Peace.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Estimates, Returns, and Accounts shall be transmitted by the Officer or Person making or rendering the fame, subscribed with the Name and in the Hand writing of such Officer or other Person, to the said Surveyor General previous to such Verification thereof as aforesaid, to require the Officer or other Person making or rendering the same to attend him, and be examined upon Oath, to be administered to such Officer or other Person by the said Surveyor General, and which Oath the said Surveyor General is hereby authorized to administer, touching and concerning alt or any of Uie Particulars and Items contained in such Estimates, Returns, or Accounts, and touching and concerning the Coodudl of such Officer or other Person in the Execution of their Duty in respect to the Matters to which such Estimates, Returns, or Accounts shall relate, which Examination, or the Substance and Effect thereof, the said Surveyor General, when he shall think proper, shall cause to be reduced into Writing and signed by such Officer or other Person 5 and if upon such Examination it shall appear that any unintentional Error or Errors shall have been committed by such Officer or'other Person in the Return, Estimate, or Account, concerning which such Examination shall be had and taken, it shall be lawful for such Officer or other Person to correct such Error in the same previous to the Verification thereof, upon Oath, in Manner aforesaid, in which case such Correction or Corrections shall be certified by the said Surveyor General in Writing upon th*Return, Estimate, or Account intended to be verified upon Oath as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer or other Person as aforesaid, shall in any such Verification upon Oath, or on Examination as aforesaid, be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Officer or other Person so offending shall be liable to be punished in such Manner as is provided by the different Laws and Statutes now in force for the Punishment of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And Whenjas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage,

is not extended to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chafes, who by virtue of his Office necessarily fends and receives many Letters and Packets relating to the publick Service of this

Kingdom/ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, /arks, and Chafes for the Time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in such Manner and under such RellriClions as other Officers mentioned in an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Alufes in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of P of age; and also in another Act made in the Fortysecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to authorize the sending and receiving rf Letters and Packet/, Votes. Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers y by the Post free from the Duty of Prfage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the P of age of such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons; are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive the same ir. pursuance of the said Acts: any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. ' And Whereas it is expedient that Regulations should be established by Law in the Office of Surveyor

General of Woods and Fof-cfts, that all Monies, Bills, and Drafts received on Account of t ie Revenue under the

Management of the Surveyor General of Woods and Forests, should be lodged in the Bank of England, and that'Payments, previous to its being carried into the Exchequer, should be made by Drafts on the Bank / Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Sums of Money, Bills, and Drafts received by such Surveyor General on Account of the Revenue under his Management, shall, the Day after the same shall have been received, or the Day after any Bill shall have been accepted^ if the same tfas not accepted at the Time it was received by the Receiver General, be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for which the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall be a fufli

cient

Unintentional Error* may be rc^ified previous to Vetificatioit.

Penalty of perjury or false

Surveyor G.'ittral of

Wood?, may Ceivf a*id receive Lerer< and Packet* Post.ige free, a* o*hf r Officers under

4<, \ 3. c. 24. Sc 4: G. 3. c. 63.

Vf nev, RilH, Acre cived on at count »f the Rcvci ur under th' M* uagenrent of the SurveyU General o(

'VomU, &c.shall b paid- into the B ink. whj shall open an Accooal thereof

902 C. 142, 143.

46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Surveyor G neral may retain in his Hands 3000l. for cei rent Payments, Sec.

Payments info the Exchequer (Ball be made by Orders on the Bank, &c.

Other Payment* to be made by Drafts on the Bank, specifying the particular Service.

Drafts shall be Sufficient Authority to the Bank.

<On Death or 'Refigmiion, Ice. of Surveyor General, Cash at the nk Aall vest in the Succe (Tor,

Mi ho may pay all unsatisfied 'Ch'Tges. Surveyoi 'General shall keep Account with the Bank, &c.

Penalty on Purge 1 y of Draffs, &c. Felony without Clergy.

cient Discharge; and all such Monies, Bills, and Drafts, so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be placed to an Account to he raised in the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled, TIjc Account of the Publick Monies of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forfls, inferring the Name of such Surveyor General for the Time being.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor General to reserve for qafual and ordinary Payments in his own Hands, or in the Hands of any private Banker, or other Person on his Account, a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, or any larger Sum, which the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct; and if at any Time the Sum so referred should be reduced below Three thousand Pounds, then it (hah and may be lawful for such Surveyor General, from Time to Time, to make up the same to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds by Drafts upon the Fund so deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Payments into the Exchequer of the Monies arising by the Revenue under the Management of such Surveyor General pursuant to Law, shall be made in Manner following, (that is to say), the said Surveyor General shall make an Order upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to write off from his Account the Sum desired, and the said Governor and Company, or some Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall upon Receipt of such Order write off such Sum and deliver a spoiled or cancelled Note for the Amount to the Surveyor General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer; and the Bank Clerks attending there shall receive it as f© much Cash.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor General shall make all other Payments required to be made, out of the Monies to be deposited in the Bank of England\ by Drafts on the said Bank, and shall specify the particular Service, Salary, or other Charge or Expence, for the Payment whereof the said Draft was given; and every such Draft shall also have marked in the Margin thereof a Figure corresponding to the Page in a Book to be kept by the said Surveyor General, wherein Entiy shall be made of the particular Service, Salary, or other Charge or Expence, for the Payment of which such Draft shall be given.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Drafts drawn pursuant to the Directions of this Act, but not otherwise, shall be fuTicient Authority to the Bank of England to pay the Amount thereof to the Persons mentioned in such Drafts, or to the Bearer of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Rftignation, or Removal, of the present and of every other Surveyor General of the Woods and Forcfts hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cash for which he shall at that Time have Credit on his Account, as Surveyor General with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually veil in such Successor in Trull for the Publick Service, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor, to be applied to the said Service in pursuance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid; and the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests for the Time being shall, and lie is hereby directed and required to issue his Drafts and Orders as aforesaid, for all unsatisfied Charges and Fernands on Account of the Publick Service, although the same shall ha\*e accrued in the Time of any former Surveyor General

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Surveyor General for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all Monies issued on his Account for the Service of the Publick; and the said Surveyor General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, if all not be answerable for any Money which he shall havefo paid into ihe B.uk of England; ami the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for jail the Monies which shall be actually received by them from such Surveyor General as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, Tint if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or aflill in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand-writing of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests for the Time being, or his Deputy, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing what foe ver, for or in Order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Fore Us. «r shall forge or counterfeit, or cauteor procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or alibi in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, or Writing in Form of a Draft, made b> such Surveyor General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid. or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the 1 me to be forged or counterfeited* with an Intent to defraud any Person whomsoever, every Inch Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to -be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act for enquiring into the State of Wimlfor For if In the County of Berks, and for ascertaintng

the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

[ Z2<\ July 1806.*j

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Enquiry should be made into the State of IVtndf r Fared in the County*" of Berks, and into the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of His Majesty's Subj^fts within the fame, which are in feme Parts disputed and in other Parts are not clearly ascertained and diffinguished, and / into any Purpreffures, Encroachments, and Trespasses, which may have been made on the Soil of Hit a Maje ll y within the Boundaries of the said Forell be it therefore enacted, See.

- Hi#

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. I43> T44»

903

" His Majestr empowered to appoint Commissioners to ascertain the Boundaries of Windsor Fore/i % known to*be so according to an inquisition taken 15th October^ 17 Charles f, under Stat. 16 Car. 1. c. 16; Commissioners

may appoint Meetings, and examine Boundaries and Claims in a summary Manner. §1. — 9.----- Proceedings

of Commissioners shall be entered in Books, and returned into the Office of the Surveyor General of Woods,

u See. $ 6.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Boundaries of the said Forest, or of any Lands of the Crown within the same shall be so situate that, the said Commissioners shall not be able fully to ascertain them by permanent, plain, and sufficient Marks or Descriptions in Writing, so that the same may thereby be fully known at all Times, the said Commissioners shall cause all stich Boundaries to be marked with Stones, to be placed at

ner Difiances from each other, and if the Land whereon such Boundary Stones shall be placed shall not be the of the Crown, although within t he Boundaries of the said Forest, shall cause the Letters W F. in large Roman Characters, and the Date of the Year in which such Stones shall be put up, and also a Number (in numerical Order) to be cut or engraven on each of the said Stones, and if the Land whereon such Boundary Stones shaft, be placed shall be Land of the Crown, the Letters C. L. W. F. in large Roman Characters, shall be cut or engraven on such Stones; and if any Person shall wilfully or wantonly pull up, break down, remove, or damage any of the said Boundary Stones, or destroy, spoil, or deface any of the Letters or other Marks engraven or cut thereon by Order of the said Commissioners, such Person shall be guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence, being lawfully convicted thereof, forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act shall and may be recovered in a summary Way before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Berks, or for any County, Riding, Division, or Place, in which the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be; and in case any Penalty recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, and directed by such Justice or Justices to any Constabl or other Peace Officer, to cause such Fine or Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Good* and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in Case no sufficient Distress can be had or made, such Justice or Justices shall, if he or they shall think proper, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol for, or some House of Correction within, the said County of Berks, or for such other County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place as aforesaid, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to defeat, after, or infringeallor any of the Rights, Privileges, or Advantages which may be enjoyed or claimed under any Letters Patent granted by His present Maftfty, or any of His Royal Predecessors. Kings and Queens of England, of any Bailiwick, Walk, or Lodge, within the said Forest.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, of them, done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or for any Cause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General I flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence, and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then f'v-h Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties recovered, and all Fines imposed, by virtue or in pursuance of thiff Act, shall be by the Justice or Justices, or other Person or Persons receiving the fame, forthwith paid over to the Steward of the said Forest, to be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, or any other Laws concerning the said Trust, as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasurr shall direct.

" Commissioners shall ascertain the State of the Timber in the Forest, &c. and report to the Treasury, f 12. — " Commissioners shall also ascertain and report on such Parts of the Forest as are intermixed with or adjoining to " the Lands of Individuals, with a View to their being alienated from the Crown. §13.

Hsw Boundaries (Kill t<

diltinguUhecL

Penalty on removing Stones, 10l. to 40l.

Penalties may be recovered before one Justice.

Act shall not affect Rights claimed under any Letters Patent.

Limitation of Actions Three Months.*

[Treble Costs.]

General I flue.

Application of Penalties.

CAP. CXLIV.

0

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an passed in the present Session of Parliament y intituled\ 1 An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realmy and to provide for augmenting His Majestfy s Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia England, so far as the same relates to the City of London/ [2 2d July 1806.]

" 43 G. 3. c. iol. and 44 G. 3. c. 96. recited: Both the said Acts repealed. §1. — Money collected under the a recited Acts, and not applied in raising Men.shall be paid into the City Chamber. § z. — Accounts shall be " taken of Money collected and Men raised under the said Acts; the Expences incurred, reckoning 20l. per " Man, shall be divided amongst all the Wards, and Rates shall be made to defray Proportion of Expences in u the Wards where sufficient Money has not been collected for that Purpose. { 3. — In case of Neglect in

"making

9?4 0.144 — 146. 46° GEORGII IIt. A.D. i£c6.

[Publick Act.]

making Rates to defray Deficiencies, the Wards to be 0 fie fled in Double the Amount of the Surplus paid into the City Chamber. §4. — Money to be repaid shall be applied in Diminution of the Watch Kate in the several Wards, f 5. — §6.

CAP. CXLV.

An Act for enabling llis Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches-of the Royal Family.

[22cl July 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration Your Majesty's most gracious Message, wherein Your Majesty has been pleased to declare, that Your Majesty having, by Yuur Message of the Eighth Day of April Oac thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, recommended to Your faithful Commons to make competent Provision for the honourable Support and Maintenance of the younger

1SG. 3. c. 13. 4 Branches of the Royal Family; and in consequence thereof an Act having puffed, charging certain Annuities for such Purpose upon the Aggregate Fund of Great Britain; but no Provision having afterwards been made7 G 3- c 3'* < in the Ad, by which the several Revenues composing the said Aggregate Fund were transferred to the

l§ 47» < Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for securing the said Annuities, by reason whereof, the Provision so

recommended by Your Majesty, and carried into Effed by Act of Parliament, has failed, and become t ineffectual; and Your Majesty recommended to the House of Commons to consider of such Measures as may«be necessary for securing the said Annuities upon the Consolidated Fund; and that Your Majesty cannot forbear

taking the Occasion to express Your Desire, that Your faithful Commons would take into Consideration the

Propriety of such Increase of the said Allowances as the Change of Circumstances that has since taken place shall appear to have rendered just and reasonable, and that we would make such further Provision in confluence e thereof, as the Nature of the Case shall be found to require, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may«be enacted and be it enacted, &c.

His Majesty empowered to grant, by Warrant under His Sign Manual, the Annuities following, viz to the Dukes of Clarence, Kent, Cumberland, Sussex, and Cambridge, 6, ooool each during Pleasure; to the Princess Charlotte of Wales 7, ooool. during the Life of the King and Prince of Wales; to the Duchess Dowager of Gloucester 4, ooool. during Pleasure; to the Duke of Gloucester 14, 000b during Pleasure, in lieu of 8, ooool. 44 under 18 G. 3. c. 31. §5.; and to the Princess Sophia of Gloucester 5, ocol. during Pleasure, in lieu of 4, ogo1. 44 under 18 G. 3. c. 31. §6.; and 2, ooool. additional after Death of Duchess of Gloucester; all payable u Quarterly out of Consolidated Fund. §1 — Annuities shall be payable at the Exchequer, &c. and the Acquittances of the Persons entitled, &c. shall be a sufficient Discharge. §2.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelfoti and the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may defeend; and for granting a Sum of Money to purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title; and also for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of the Sifters of the late Vice-Admiral Viscount Nelson; in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

[22d July 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty's by Your most gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to declare, that Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Consideration the eminent and signal Services performed by the late Vice-Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson, in a long Series of distinguished Exploits, and particularly in the glorious and decisive Victory of Trafalgar, in which he unfortunately fell; and being desirous to bellow on the Family of the said Lord Viscount Nelson such considerable and lading Mark of Your Royal Favour as may correspond with the Sense Your Majesty entertains of Services so honourable to the British Navy, and so eminently beneficial to the Interests of the Nation; and for that Purpose, of granting to the Earl Nelson, and to the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons on whom the Title of Earl Nelson may deicend, a net Annuity of Five thousand Pounds during their respective Lives; and also of granting a Sum not exceeding One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, as a further Provision for the Family of the said Lord Viscount Nelson, a Part whereof it was Your Majesty's Intention Should be appropriated to the Purchase of a House and Lands, to be annexed to the said Dignity: Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted, &c.

44 An Annuity of 5, 0col. granted to the Reverend William Nelson Earl Nelfen, and to the Heirs Male of his Body, and to such other Person to whom the Title shall defeend payable Q uarterly out of the Consolidated Fund, $ t . — go, oocl. granted out of the Consolidated Fund, payable to the Speaker of the House of Commons, the First Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, and Admiralty, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, and Three private Persons, as Trustees, for the Use of the said Earl Nelson, 44 See, § i. — TiT Payment is made of the 90, 0001. 5 per Cent. Interest shall be paid to Earl Nelson. $3. — A 44 further Sum of 2 c. 00 cl. granted to the Trustees for Susannak Bolton and Catharine Match am. Sifters of lloratio Viscount Nelson, to be applied as His Majesty may direct. §4. — Earl Nelson empowered to settle a Portion, f< on

41 on Lady Charlotte Nelson, his Daughter, of lo, ooooL &c. §5. 5 and also a Jointure of 2, ooool. ter Annum on the Counters his Wife. §6. — The Name of Nelson shall be taken by the Family on whom the Title mall descend. §7. 44 — Any future Earl Nelson f after the Decease of the present Earl) empowered to settle a Jointure on his Wife of 1, 5001. §8, 9, and I©. — Jointures chargeable on said5, ooool^er Annum, and shall at no Time exceed 3, ooool. 44 §11. — Treasury by Warrant shall direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to make forth Debentures for paying the 90, 0001. the 20, ooool. and the Annuity of 5, ooool., which shall be paid accordingly, §12 — 15. — Annuity of $, ooal. shall not be aliened 5 nor incumbered except with Jointures aforesaid. §16. — Trustees empowered " to purchase a Mansion, to be called Trafalgar House, with Manors, &c. to be settled to the same Uses as the €t Annuity of 5, ooool. §17, 18. — Manors, &c. shall not be subject to Dowser, $19. — The Earl NAfon (for the Time being) empowered to lease the Manors (except the Mansion House and Park of Residence) for 21 44 Years; and may grant Building Leases for 90 Years. §20, 21. — The Earl for the Time being shall be answerable in Damages for Waste on the Manors, &c. f 22. — Bricks may be made and Quarries dug on the 4t Estate, with Consent of Trustees. $ 23. — Regulations as to Fall and Sale of Timber, and applying the " Produce thereof for the Benefit of the Children of the Possessor for the Time being. §24 — 3 3 — ^Trustees, with Consent of the Person in Possession, may fell Manors, &c. so to be purchased, (except the Mansion and Park intended for Residence), and purchase others. 6 34. — Power of appointing new Trustees in the lteu of any of the private Trustees dying* Sec. — Power of Trustees under this Act: Speaker, Se c. may appoint Substitutes to act for them in the Trust. §35 — 38.

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to continue a certain Annuity to George now Lord Rodney Grandson of George Brydgeshord Rodney, in consideration of the eminent Services rendered to Jftis Majesty and the Publick by the said George Brydges Lord Rodney.

[22d July 1806.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to signify that Application had been made to Your Majesty that the Pension which was granted by Your Majesty of One thousand Pounds per Annum on the Revenues of Ireland to the late Lord Rodney for his Life, to commence frotn the Demise of nis Father George Brydges Lord Rodney, in consideration of the eminent

Services which had been performed by his said Father to Your Majesty and the Publick, should be continued to George now Lord Rodney, Grandson of the late George Brydges Lord Rodney, during his Life; and that Your Majesty being favourably difiposed to the said Request, recommended it to Your faithful Commons to take such Measures as might be necessary for enabling Your Majesty to make such Grant, in such Form as might, under the present Circumstances, be most effectual: Now, Sec. 9

a His Majesty empowered to grant to the present Lord Rodney a Life Annuity of 92jl. is. 6d. being l , ooool* 44 Irish Currency, Tax free, to be paid Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain*

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[22d July 1806.]

4t Number of Tickets shall not exceed ioo, oco in One or more Lotteries. §1, 2 . — Treasury may retain Money necessary for Payment of the Fortunate Tickets, and One Third of the Surplus shall be applied to the Services of Ireland. $ 3, 4. — One Million (or a Sum at the Rate of iol. per Ticket) shall be divided into Prizes as the 4< Treasury shall direct, and be paid out of Supplies of this Session. §5. — Prizes shall be paid within Two Months after the End of the Drawing of each Lottery. £ 20.

[ See 44 G. 3. c. 93. to which this /Iff ts nearly Jtmilar, except in the Sessiont following.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Great Britain, to remit to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from Time to Time, any Part or Proportion of the Sum arising out of such Lotteries, not exceeding One-third Part thereof in the Whole, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, are hereby authorized and empowered to receive the same, and (nail, on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, cause to be repaid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England, the said several Sums of Money so remitted ar. aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall divide Tickets in the said Lotteries into Shares, or issue such Chances as are by this Act permitted, or register the lumbers otany Tickets in the Lotteries authorized by this Act, or either of t hem, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the Commissioners for managing the Duties apon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being, in England\ for Persons fefident in Great Britain; or from the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being in Ireland, for Persons resident in Ireland; and it shall be lawful for any Person, licensed or not licensed, to fell any Shares of Tickets which shall have been duly (hared and divided by any licensed Person, without taking out any Licence for felling any such Share, or the Payment of any Duty of Stamps or otherwise, any Thing in this Act, or any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England, and such Commissioners as aforesaid in Ireland, respectively, or any Two of them respectively, are hereby empowered and 46 Geo. III. 5 Z required,

905

Treasury may remit to the Exchequer of Ireland, One-third of the M#ncy arising by 1 he Lotteries, which shall be repaid before June t, 1SD7. Per suns lx fore do tting in Lotrery Ticket* Oral) rake out a Licence a* herein directed.

Comm'ffronera for Stamp* in England ai»d

9 C. 148.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

Ireland shall

g-ant Licence* for Loitcry Offices on Payment of a Duty uf 50l.

Licrnfed Persong may fell Chances of Fortunate Tickets,

Srnmp Duties Under

44. G. 3* c. 98. 46 G. 3* c. 64. on l-ii ences for Lottery Odices, repealed.

Form of Chance*

Share* and Chai.ces to be stamprd with fume Mark pre-fenbed by the CommifScncig. Comn'.iflioners of Stamps (h. II r(i >b!i(h an Otfic< in London or DuK in for flu* Dcpuitr of TicK*ti m ended to f>c fold in Snaics or Chances.

Tickers

dep.ifiicd may be 'delivered back on the Chances being putfuccd.

Regulations for dtlivcri' g up TiciCcis depo-fiicd, which have been (old in Chaacei.

Application of Money icccircd on acctiunr of Licences to keep Lottery Otfi .es in Ireland.

required, l^y Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant such Licence, to all and every Person and Person*

applying for the fame; but previously to the Delivery of any fuqh Licence, and before it shall have any Effect, there shall be paid, over and above all other Payments to which the Person or Persons taking out such Licence may be respectively liable, by any other Act of Parliament, whether as Brokers or otherwise, a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds, and the Duties payable in respect of such Licences shall be paid at the respective Stamp Offices in London and Dublin respectively, when and where such Licence shall be grauted, at the Time the Licence in respect whereof any such Sum shall have been paid shall be delivered to the Person or Persons applying for the fame, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office, where the same shall have been received, in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein after prescribed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person so licensed as aforesaid, to fell, in Manner herein after mentioned, the Chance of any Ticket being fortunate, and entitled thereby to any Prize or Sum of Money, except such Prize in any such Lottery or Sum of Money as shall have been fixed and directed under the Provisions of this Act to be the lowcfl Sum of Money to be paid upen and in respect of any Tickets drawn fortunate in any such Lottery.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties, which by an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties utuLr the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Jiamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; or by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Jiamped Vdlum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland; were imposed upon Licences to Persons, to open and keep Offices for felling or dealing in Lottery Tickets in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be, and the same re hereby repealed.

[The Clausesfoferted in 44 G. 3. c. 93. §32, 33, imposing Penalties on licensed Persons not having Inscription* on their Shops, or on unlicensed Persons having such Inscriptions, are omitted from this present Act].

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Chance or Agreement for a Chance of any Ticket so to b$ fold, shall be made out, written, or printed in Words or Figures to this Effect; that is to say,

; JpIRST, [SECOND, THIRD, or FOURTH], LOTTERY, for 1806. frjo —

f The Bearer of this Chance will receive the Ticket numbered as above, now deposited at the Stamp Office if)

London [or Dublin, as the Case may be], if entitled to any Benefit above Pounds.

A.B.

s Licensed as this Act directs.'

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every such Share or Agreement for a Share, and every such Chance or Agreement for a Chance, of any Ticket as aforesaid, shall be written or printed oa a Piece of Paper or Parchment, which shall be impressed with some Mark, Device, or Stamp, to be for that Purpose prescribed by the Commissioners of Stamps in England or Ireland respectively.

XLVII. And the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the felling of Shares or Chances of Lottery Tickets, be it further ertafted, That the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Papes in G> eat Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall, immediately after the passing of this Act, appoint or establish some Office or Place at or in the Head Office of the said Commissioners in London or Dublin respectively, for the Deposit of Tickets intended to be sold in Shares or Chances; and every Ticket in any such Lotteiy as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into or sold in Shares, or sold in Chances, shall be brought to the said Office, and be there deposited, and left with the Receiver General of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in England or Ireland respectively, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, and who is and are hereby authorized and required to receive the same respectively.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or the Receivers General of Stamps, or other Person with whom any Ticket to be sold in Chances shall hav* been deposited by any licensed Person as aforesaid, to deliver back such Ticket at any Time before the same shallr have been drawn to such Person, upon his producing the stamped Chances of any such Ticket, and also the Stamp Office Receipt for the fame, to be cancelled.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or the Receiver General of Stamps, or other Person in England or Ireland respectively, with whom any Ticket fold in Chances shall have been deposited as aforesaid, to deliver the fame, if it shall be drawn a Prize above the lowed Prize, to the Holder of the successful Chance at the End of Fourteen Days after such Ticket shall have been drawn, upon his producing such Chance, and also the Receipt given upon the Deposit of such Ticket as aforesaid to be cancelled; and if it shall not be drawn a Prize above the lowed Prize, then to deliver the same to the licensed Person, who had deposited it as aforesaid, at the End of Three Days after such Ticket shall have been drawn, upon his producing the Receipt given him upon the Deposit of such Ticket a's aforesaid to be cancelled.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That a separate and didinft Account of all Duties, Fees, and Sums of Money, which shall be received in Ireland under this Act, shall be kept by the several proper Officers; and that all such Monies shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Charges and Expences relating to the granting of Licences under this Act, or arising in Ireland\ on account of the said Lotteries, or in the Execution of this Act, shall be paid and defrayed out of the said Consolidated Fund, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors q£ Ireland for the Time being shall order and direct.

4 [The

46° GEORGII III.

C. 148. 907

carr) ing on

il!'*£al Tianf-action* to h< punched 41 Rogue*.

Penalty f>n

Pei Tom

[The Claude §54, m 44 G. 3. c. 93. imposing a Penalty on Persons having unauthorized Registers of Tickets,

&c. is omitted from this present Act. j

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath, before any On Complaint Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence committed against this Act in any House or Place within the °* Ojibaf Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be wVrrehy ihe taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, p.irtic* may be to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, by Day or by Night (hut if in the Night Time, then in the liable to Presence ofaConstable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting Punishment as therein), to break open the Doors, or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been Committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other prisons to break Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been open Huufcs, nywife concerned with any such Offender or Offenders in committing such Offence, and to convey them beforec-atty Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be Pci Tons dif-discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, assisting, or anyways concerned with such Offender or covnc<1» such Offenders, in carrying on any Transact'ons respecting the said Lotteries, or either of them, contrary to the express Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punishable in like Manner as is directed by the faicLAft or this Act, as the Case may require; audit shall and may be lawful lor the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistince, to flop, arrest, and detain all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, moleil, or hinder, any such Officer or Officers,

or others acting in his or their Aid'or Assistance in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due

Entering into such House or Place, or in the fetzing, detaining, or conveying before such Justice or Justices, ot n, uni; vg any such Offenders or other Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obstructing, opposing, molefiing, or CHicei*. hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the publick Peace, and the Court before Perr.n* whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, <»ying or and publickly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although not discovered in a, 0'- g oi'.rrv to such House or Place as aforesaid, who shall employ or cause to be employed any Person or Persons in earn ing on any of the Transactions aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any such Person or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues aaLn5 to be and Vagabonds, and shall be punishable in like Manner as is directed by this Act. deemed Rogue* and Vagabonds.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties for any Offence against any Law touching or Manner in concerning Lotteries, or against this Act, (except where it is herein otherwise directed) shall, when recovered, which Actions go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and, from and after the Commencement ^rn^ly

of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, except where it is herein otherwise C commence

directed, to commence or enter into, or cause or procure to be commenced or entered, or filed, or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, for the Recovery of any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties inflicted by any of the Laws touching or concerning Lotteries, or by this Act, unless the same be commenced, entered, filed, and prosecuted, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, if such Offence shall be committed in England^ or in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin, if such Offence shall be committed in Irelan d or in the Name of His Majesty's Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if such Offence shall be committed in Scotland; and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or entered in any other Person's Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the fame, and all Proceedings tliercupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts where such Proceedings shall be so commenced, shall cause the same to be staid; any Law, Custom, r Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That upon every inch Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, a Capias or other Writ shall and may issue the Eirft Process, specifying therein the Amount of the Penalty-or Penalties sued for, whereof an Affidavit shall be first duly made and filed, and the Defendant and Defendants shall in such Case be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the fyr Person or Persons to whom such Capias or other Writ shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Process shall be issued at the Day of the Return of such Process to answer such Suit or Prosecution; and shall likewise at the Time of such Appearance give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Cods of Suit, in case he, she, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Bodies to Prifoiv:

Provided always, that the Bail herein.before required to be given shall in no Case exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXIV. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 27 G. 3 intituled, An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for fu^fre/sing unlawful Lotteries: And Whereas repealed.

4 it is expedient that the said recited Act should be repealed be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of any Act or Act9 in force ia Ireland relating I. ifh Ash tox Lotteries and Lottery Tickets, as is or are contradictory to or incompatible with this Act, shall be and the vciuting t# same is and are hereby repealed; and that so much of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, as relates to the Sump Duty on Licences to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, shall be in force and shall be applied and put in Execution , cptalcdf

with respect to the Stapip Duty on Licences required by this Act to be taken by Persons dividingTickets into 9nd ti.ofe Shares, or issuing Chances pursuant to the Direction of this Act. relating to Sump Duty on Lottery Licence* ex ended to this Act.

#l Act may be altered or repealed this Session. §66. $ Z 2 CAP-

Further Regulation* to be observed:

C.I4g,

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year 1806 j and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[2 ad July 1806.]

§ I-

II.

5, 500, 000 o © Out of the British Consolidated Fund

i8, ooooj©oo O o From the following Duties, viz.

Additional Customs under 43 G. 3. c. 70.

Ditto Duties of Excise - — r. 81.

Duties on Property - — c. 122.

Additional Customs' - 44 G. 3.^.5 3-

Additional Duty on Property 45 G. 3. c. 15.

Additional Duty on Tobacco, &c. 46 G. 3. c. 39.

Additional Customs — --- c. 42.

Additional Duty on Property c. 65.J

Granted to make good the Supply for Service of Great Britain for 1806.

III. The following Sum9, viz. Produce of Malt Act

2.000. 000 o 10, 500, 000 o

1.500.000 © 20, 000, 000 o

3.000. 000 o

4.500.000 o

o

o

o

o

o

o

46 G. 3. c. 2.

- r. 3.

- c. 25.

Pensions, &c.

Exchequer Bills

Ditto -

Loan (deducing Two Millions for Ireland)

Exchequer Bills Out of War Taxes 1805.

Lottery (deducing One-third for Ireland)*

18, 000, 000 o o Out of Duties under { 2.

3, 500, 000 e o Out of Consolidated Fund. (See §1.)

IV. The following Sums, viz.

Produce to Irish Exchequer under British Loan Act, 2, 000, 000l. 46 G. 3. c. 33.) Approoriated to Uses -

- Lottery (One-third)

26. Appropriated to the 33* S-Uses after expressed.*{Set $ 5, &c.)

148.

21,

cpressed.

&c.

V. Application, viz. i5>SfA>3Vl'5'-2, 886, 000 o

2.964.000

4.680.000

390.000 1*04 5*353 1, 980, 830

2.250.000

400.000 45>°oo 30, 000

o

o

o

12

O

O

O

o

o

o

o

ir

o

o

o

o

o

At per Man*per Month.

For r3 Lunar Months.

: J

For*he Year 1806.

d. for the Naval Services following, viz. o Wages for 120, coo Men, "

including 29, 000 Marines Their Victualling Wear and Tear of Ships Ordnance -

Ordinary of the Navy (including Half-pay)

Building, rebuilding, and repairing Ships, Extra Hire otTransports Prisoners of War in Health Ditto Sick -

Hospitals for Seamen

1 Between May 1, and December 31, 1806.

) Out of all or any of > the Aids or Supplies

J aforesaick

u To enable his Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require."

VII. 600, 000 o © For the Service of Ireland for like Purposes.

VIII. 18, 507, 518l. 18l. $d. for the Land Services following, viz.

For 134, 473 Effective Men in Great Britain and Ireland, ! and on Continent. - j j Jg» to '4the*

For Forces in the Plantations, &c. -j

For the Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland

For 13^473 Effective Men in Great Britain and Irehanaf from March 25 to May 24, 1806 For Forces in the Plantations, &c. for same Period For the Militia and Fencible Infantry, &c. for same Period Stxpemumesary Officers

193, ! 58 2 4 Additional Pay to Officers and Seamen VI. 2, 400, 000 o O For the Service of Great Britain

O O

5«>5»o37 O O

617, 584 O O

755*o6 O O

336.653 O O

4»>.7*5 O O

35>3l5 2

For the Year 1806,

A.D. 1806.

fJVIII. i75>9775 4

contintud.]

48 s 8

46° GEORGII III.

C. 149.

IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV.

184, 947

5, 801

50, 000

1, 000

*44, 711 15, 418

3i»97o

55S>*93

458, 647

397.704

168, J47 205, 864 I, 929, 309

946, 518 21, 998

7

23 8 o o

- For the Year 180&

o 6 16

o

4

o

o

o

7

*5

o

For Publick Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, and Exchequer Fees -

Increased Rates to Innkeepers, Lodging Money in Scotland, Small Beer and Allowance on March ia Ireland - 1

On Account of Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces -

For Military Allowances to Reduced Officers of Land Forces -

Half Pay and Allowances to Reduced Officers of British American Forces -

On Account of Officers late in the Service of the States General -

Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, In and Out Pensioners*! r» r

and Expence, of the Hospital - - tS!\fn

General Hospital Expences, &c. for Ireland, Military £ -^Decern-

Infirmary in Dublin -

Widows Pensions in Great firitain and Ireland Barrack Department in Great Britain

- Ireland

For 134, 473 Effective Men in Great Britain

1 her 1806.

225, 404 t6 11 234, 104 i 7 11 1, 235, 161 o 5

Ireland, for Guards, Garrison, &c.

For Forces in the Plantations, &c.

For the Militia and Fencible Infantry, &c.

For 121, 529 Effective Men in Great Britain Ireland -

For Forces in Plantations, &c.

East India Recruiting Parties, Four Troops of Dragoons, and Twelve Companies of Foot iri Great Britain -

On Account of Recruiting and \ V1n<

Contingencies for Land Forces 1*n orclSn

j«For the Year 1806. and

From May 25, to June24, 1806>

9a^-7 From June 25, to X7r-t cember 24, i8c6»

From the 25th Decent* her 1805, to 24th December 1806v

Stations

F«iJeneraI' Staff' and HofBital ( In Great pof^i

Officers - j and Ireland. J

For the Militia Ireland and Fencibles. in Great Britain

f From 25th June 1806, to 24th Dec. 1896.

52, 153 17 o Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain!

( (both inclusive.}

157, 227 j6 1, 738, 806 3

985, 909

15.000 161, 700

50.000 3>723

and Ireland For cloathing Militia in Great Britain I Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland

10 Foreign Corps in His Majesty's Service o Allowances to Chaplains of the Forces

11 Augmentation of Pay to Officers and Privates o Ditto to Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital

6 Ditto Pensions of Officers Widows

272, 386 15 10 Army Extraordinaries not provided for -

3, 000, 000 o o

600.000 o c

7SM-32 13 2 354, 322 18 10 2, 957, 181 6 6

130.000 o o 129, 230 15 5

I From 24th Dec. 1805* yto 25th Dec. 1806y (both inclusive.)

7 From 25th June 1806y f to 24 th December 1806#

f From the 25th Decern-- < her 1804, to 24th

Q December 1805.

J For the Year 1806.

677, 976 18 8, 0c0, 000 o

2.500.000 o

1.500.000 o 3, 000, 000 o 4, 500^00 0

Army Extraordinaries in Great Britain - Ditto in Ireland

For Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain, not provided for in 1804* Ditto - - 1805.

For Ordnance for Sea Service in Great Britain - j ^0r ^ear

For Ordnance Service for Ireland - - 7 p

To replace that Sum advanced by Irish Exchequer J For Ordnance in Ireland for 1806.

To discharge outstanding Exchequer Bills under 45 G. 3. c. 118.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

c. 119.

C. 1 20.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 28* issued for the Service of 1805.

909

{j

910 C.I49*

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

xv.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

C / A

49, 465 1? 8

4, 7f> xi 5}

3, 2 JO Ir. Cur'

Civil Establishments, vi %

Upper Canada.

ijr,

o make good Money HTued by Addresses of the House of Commons.

8, 250 0 0

7>'6S 0 0

4, 650 0 0

3, 100 0 0

2, 040 0 0

2, 565 0 0

693, 076 r5 9

2, 381 17 6

51, 250 H 0

14 0

1*9-34 4 5

48, 329 0 0

10, COO 0 0

4, oco 0 0

29, 300 0 0

20, 000 0 0

143*H97 0

12, 000 0 0

5.210 0 0

3.400 0 0

1, 000, 00 0 0

30, 000 0 0

1, 420 0 0

20, 161 7 1

28, 323 18 6

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick St. John in America. Cape Breton. Newfoundland.

4, ^00 o o Bahama Islande. 1*030 o c Bermudas.

600 o O Dominica.

72, 81994\ Wales.

18.000 o o Sierra Leone.

18.000 o o Forts in Africa.

For the Year 1806.

For the Year 1806.

to 10

8, 565 18 I'f

2, 698 13 1 0 i

5.34 J4 0 '>

278 6 6 O 0 X

974 8 0 Uh O

219 '4 0 a

3> 435 l9 6 0

457 1 6 <' %

7, 062 12 6 i

4 >.H6 12 6 1 g

!.#59 2 0 1 is

1.949 2 6 1 rT3 O O

25, 000 0 0 bC i

*>51590 iS ! £ '

1.592 12 2 0 1 r.,

243 10 5

5, 000 0 0 1

30 2 10 4- i i

i 0, 000 0 0 For

From January 1 to December 31, 1806.

For discharging 5 per Cent. Annuities under 37 G. 3. c. 10. and 42 G. 3. c. 8. Arrears of Annuity to the late Duke of Glovccfler.

For Navigation between Itiverttcfs and Fort William1 For Roads and Bridges in Scot I nd - - I

Usher of the Court of Exchequer - - J

For Convicts at Home

For re-printing Journals, &c. of the House of Commons j For printing 58th Volume of Journals of House of J Commons - - - J

For Printing and Stationary for the Two Houses of j Parliament - - j

For printing Votes, Bills, Reports, See. during the)present Session - - \

French Clerg]', Toulonefey Dutch, and Corsican Emi ") grants, and American Loyalists For Publick Office in Bow Street - - }*For the Year 1806.

For Salaries, See. to Officers of the House of Lords and Commons - - - J

For the British Museum.

For discharging Interest of Exchequer Bills*j^°

Bills drawn, and to be drawn from New South Wales, 1 rp. v and to become due in the Course of - J C

Superintendance of Aliens.

Royal Military College - - For the Year 1806.

For Ditto to reimburse Barrack Department 1

for Sums expended on the College from the Institu- > 24th December 1805. tion to - - j

Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea - For the Year 1806.

Colbey Esq for additional Allowances to Clerks in)For Three Quarters of a Auditor's Office - - -(Year to 5th Jan. 1806.

For Lord Walsingham as Chairman of the Committees of the Lords in Session 1805

To T. Brodie, Esq. for making an Index to the 32d Volume of the Lords Journals.

For Attendance of Dr. T. B. Clarke relating to the Act for enforcing Residence of Clergy.

Thames Police Office.

To J\ Clementson, Esq. for Rent of a House due at Midsummer 1805.

For a House in Downing Street for an Office for the Secretary of State.

To William Chinnery9 Esq. for sundry Persons* Attendance on the Committer relating to Sir H. Popham.

To J. Vernony Esq. for the Purchase of Premises for the New Mint.

To Sir R. Ford for a Plan for a Horse Patrol round the Metropolis.

For J. J. Angerjletn for British Subject8 detained in France.

To Joseph White for Two Houses for additional Commissioners of Publick Accounts.

_ or carrying on the Building of the New Mint.

To E. Straecy, Esq. as Counsel to the Chairman of the House of Lords for the Sessions 18. 4 and 1805.

or Bills drawn from New South Wales due in 1806.

A.D. 1806.

r$ xix.

46° GEORGII III.

C. 149.

1 £ 1.

J ic, oooo 0

90, 000 0

20, 000 0

>4.698 11

6.045 2

175, 000 0

50, 000 0

1, 270 17

2, 500 0

12, 400 0

9, 020 0

1, 82s 5

L I, 6oO 0

2C, COO 0

>0, 336 3

2, coo 0

300, 000 0

25, 000 0

54, 18414

12, 600 0

7>5°° 0

3, 000 0

278 6

5>*43 3

2, 718

5, 000 0

10, 000 0

3>596

393

XX.

XXI.

d.

o

o

o

6

6

o

o

9

o

o

o

4

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

°1

6

3*4 16 40 17

454 17 4, oco o

1, 000, 000 o

55»5° 7 18 286, 179 18

J»i67 5

o

o

o

c

o

o

o

8

6

To Earl Nelf on

To Earl Nelf on for the Purchase of a House and ElUtte.

For the Two Sifters of Viscount Nelson.

For the Funeral of Viscount Nelf on.

For the Funeral of Mr. Pitt.

For Secret Services for 1806.

For building a New Mint for the Year 1806.

Deficiency of Grant for Prosecutions relating to Coin in 1804 and l8oj.

For Extraordinary Expences of Prosecutions relating to Coin in 1806.

For Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State for 1806.

For Extra Charge for Messengers to the Three Secretaries of State*

For Ministers of the Vaudois Churches -

To Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons

For Law Charges - }For the Year 1806.

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers, and French Refugees For Board of Agriculture.

For the Seamen who served in the Battle of Trafalgar.

As a Compilation to Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie for loss sustained by Cargoes of

S'lut'dfh Herrings.

For Buildings in Palace Tardy Westminster.

For Works done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the Speaker's.

To the Trustees of the British Museum.

For Fees on passing Publick Accounts issued to B. Coble, Esq.

To Dr. Clarke for his Trouble relating to the Act for enforcing the Residence of the Clergy.

For Salaries to the additional Commissioners for Publick Accounts, and their Officers, to April 5, 1806.

For additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for 7 For One Quarter of a Publick Accounts ...)Year to 5th 1806.

To H. C. Litchfield, Esq. for Prosecution and Defence^of Law Suits.

To J. Johnson for carrying on the Building of the New Mint*

To Thames Police Office.

of S

3

0

1

§.s

bo*-»

I

9

H

To Treasureris Remembrancer for preferring Records. For publishing the Weekly Returns of the Average Pri

Price of Sugar.

To joseph Kaye and J. Winter for carrying on the Impeachment of Lord Melville.

To the East India Company for Publick Service.

For Compensation of Lands at Warley Common and Woolwich for the Ordnance.

For paying off Five per Cent. Annuities under 37 G. 3. c. jo. and 42 G. 3. tc. 8.

6\ m f iS.*Y"s<h

IO

of

XXII.

15, 000 0 0

26, 500 0 0

10, ^00 0 0

1, 500 c 0

2, 389 2 5*

4*994 I 8

>727*5*9 IO 3i

£- /. d.

340 0 0

240 0 0

2CO O 0

25O O 0

200 0 0

2 CO O 0

150 0 0

200 0 0

25>COO O 0

1, 200 0 0

For Printing by Order of the Commissioners of Publick Records.

For Printing under the Act for procuring Returns of the Poor.

For the Royal College of Surgeons for a Building for the Reception of Mr. Hunterrs Collection.

To the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry.

To the Commissioners of Military Enquiry.

To the Veterinary College for j8o6.

Deficiency of Grant for Printing and Stationary for the 7 D Houses of Parliament for - - .3

For the Military Roads in Scotland for - - 1806.

Deficiency of Grants for Great Britain in - - 1805.

Irish.

To S. Morey Esq. for preparing Publick Accounts of Ireland to be laid before Parliament.

To J. Smart, Esq. for Ditto.

To P, Le Bas, Esq. for keeping Com Bounties Accounts.

To JR. Marshall, Esq. for preparing Accounts of Imports and Exports fa? Parliament.

To Rs Wtthetall, Esq. for preparing Accounts for Parliament.

To G: Hatton, Esq. for Ditto.

To S. Hood, Esq. for Ditto.

To H. Iia{held, Esq. for Ditto.

For Civil Buildings in Ireland for 18c6.

For Printing and Binding Acts, 46 G.

w

911

912 C. 14.9, 150.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

[fXXIt.

continued.]

[Set 46 G. J. c. 75, as to

Excip.]

10, 500

21, 880

o For Proclamations and Advertisements

o o

For Printing, Stationary, See. for the Chief and Under j

Secretaries Offices, See. in Ireland - - I From 5th Jan. 1806,

For Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences in ^to 5th Jan. 1807* Ireland

For apprehending Publick Offenders in Ireland 254 18 101 For completing Sum for Support of the Non conforming? From 5th Jan. 1805, Ministers of Ireland. - - to 5th Jan. i8©6.

2, 500 o o

9*4*9

L047

6io

18

10

6

740 O o

XXIII.

2, 000

21, 600

o o

o o

For Support of Ditto For Pratique in Port of Dublin Wicklow Gold Mines

For Battle Axe Guards

For the Incidents of the Treasury of Ireland

1

XXIV.

XXV.

XXVI.

XXVII.

5-, oooo

45°°

J 0, 000 3*000 20, 000

4*500

2, 700 22, 621 22, 5t>0 i., 588 8, 210 1, 081*39*

8, 988 o

22, 862 17 1*030 18 2, 287 8 400 o 8000 o _ 4*743 3

o o o o o o o

6 1 o o

*5 0 10 10 2 2 2 6 o o 10 6 o o o

- 1

To the Troftees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, viz. 2, 000 o o For raising Hemp and Ffax 2, oco o o For the Hempen and Flaxen Manufactures in Leinster, See.

7, 250 o o For the Growth of Flax 10, 350 o o For promoting the said Manufactures For building and rebuilding Churches, &c.

For a Hall of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland To the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, &c.

For the Farming Society of Ireland - 1

For paving the Streets, See. of Dublin To Commissioners for widening Streets in Duldin For rebuilding the Parish Church of St, Andrew, Dublin For promoting the English Protestant Schools in Ireland Dubi !ro Foundling Hospital Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin Hibernian School for Soldiers, Children Female Orphan House -

Society for discountenancing Vice Lock Hospital -

House of industry, Icc.

For maintaining 80 Patients in the House of Recovery, &c, Lying-in Hospital -

Commissioners of Charitable Donations Roman Catholic Seminary

/From 5th7L/«. 1806,

to 5th Jan. 1807.

f For 18 Months, commencing ill Dec. 1805

{From 5th Jan. 1806, to 5th Jan. 1807.

For One Year, to 5th Jan. 1806.

n

: 1

From 5 th Jan. 1806, to 5th Jan. 1807.

Ox Steevens's Hospital

From 5th Jan. 1806* to 5th Jan. 1807.

All Monies received by Receiver General of Custoroi in England shall be paid into the Jtank of England, who shall open an Acc -unt thereof.

/Directing Applications of Supplies and Rules for receiving Half-Pay, and Application of Overplus r of Sum appropriated to Reduced Officers. (As in former Acts.)

CAP. CL.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

[23d July 1806.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Regulations should be established by Law in the Office of the Receiver General of the Customs in England, for depositing in the Bank of England all the Monies, Bills, Drafts,

fend Notes received by such Receiver General, on Account of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs, except as herein after mentioned, until the same shall be paid into the Exchequer; Be it therefore ena£<?d by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Ninth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, all Monies, Bills, Notes, and Drafts, received by or coming to the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs in England on Account of the Revenue of Customs in Great Britain, shall be paid by him into the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; (that is to say), such Monies and Notes, and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall be already accepted, or shall not require Acceptance (having been first duly indorsed) shall be paid as aforesaid on the Day on which the same shall have been received 5 and such of the Bills and Drafts as shall require Acceptance, and not be already accepted when received (the same having been fit ft duly indorsed where necessary) within Three Days after the same shall have been accepted; for which Monies, Bills, Note^ and Drafts, the Entry in the Book herein after mentioned shall be a fumcient Discharge; and rll such Monies. Bills, Notes, and Drafts so to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be placed

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 150. 913

to an Account to be raised In the Books of the said Governor and Company, and to be intituled, Thfe Account of the Publick Monies of the Receiver General of Customs, ' inserting the Name of such Receiver General for the Time being.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Receiver General to Money (*, t

retain and keep in his own Hands, for the Payment of casual and ordinary and daily Demands, out of the Monies ^ent"*lia'^be so received by him as such Receiver General, a Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds at the Close of each ^urncd^ C Day, unless any further Sum shall be directed to be retained by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four,

thousand Pounds over and above the said One tlionfaml Pounds, unless with the Permission, in Writing, of any

Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or some Person Bink <ha!I mrer

duly authorized in that Behalf, shall daily, upon receiving any Money, Bills, Notes, or Drafts from such 1

Receiver General of the Customs, make an Entry of the Money, Bills, Notes, and Drafts so received, in a re^nH Zr Book to be provided by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Book shall be forthwith in'p»n of re-delivered to the Persons making the Payments for the Customs, and inspected daily after its Retorn by the the Sup*»vif«ir, Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments, or his Clerk, such Clerk being first duly authorized of the Receiverj by him, for whose Conduct he shall be answerable, who shall compare the same with the Account of Monies, Account*.

Bills, Notes, and Drafts received by the said Receiver General, for the Purpose of ascertaining that the Receiver 00041, 1*General constantly pays into the Bank all the Money, Bills, Notes, and Drafts which he ought to do under

the Provisions of this Act; and any Default which such Supervisor, or his Clerk duly authorized as aforesaid* may discover in that Behalf, shall be immediately reported to the said Commissioners of the Customs, who shall report the fame, unless the same shall appear to them to have happened by Mistake or Inadvertence, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies placed to the Account of the Receiver General as aforesaid Money shall he in the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Exchequer from Time to Time as by Law is directed, in Manner Pairs into the following; (that is to say), the Receiver General, or his Clerk, duly authorized by him for that Purpose, for

whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, shall make an Order weekly upon the Governor and Company of on the Bank of England, which Order shall be countersigned by the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts

and Payments, to write off from his Account the Sum specified; and the said Governor and Company, oy

some Person duly authorized on their Behalf, shall thereupon write off such Sum, and deliver a Note, drawn

and cancelled in such Manner as shall be approved by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Amount, to the Receiver General or his Clerk, who shall pay the same into the Exchequer, and the Bank* -;

Clerks attending there shall receive it as so much Cash: And it shall not be lawful for the Governor and1 Bank retrained

Company of the Bank of England to pay or transfer any Part of the Money so paid in and placed to the Account from other

of such Receiver General, from such Account, otherwise than into the Exchequer, in Manner aforesaid, and Payment*, &c»

except in the Manner herein after directed, or to deliver any Note or Notes, Bill or Bills of Exchange, save and

except to the Solicitor of the Customs or his Clerk, upon his Application for the fame, together with the

Receiver General or his Clerk and the Supervisor or his Clerk, for the sole Purpose of taking out an Extent

for the Security of the Money for which such Bill of Exchange or Draft shall have been given, or to the said

Receiver General or his Clerk, any Bills, Notes, or Drafts, which may be pro* efted for Non-payment, except

as herein after is mentioned; in which Case the Commissioners of Customs shall be immediately acquainted

therewith if fitting, by such Solicitor, Receiver General, or Supervisor, or if not fitting, at the Time of their.;

assembling, and such Delivery shall be entered by the Bank in the Book to be kept as is herein directed.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to require certain Certain Sami

Monies received by such Receiver General, of the Description herein after mentioned, to be paid into the Bank need nar te f of England; (that is to say) Money arising by Deductions on Account of the Civil Lilt Tax, and One Shilling Thc

Tax on Salaries, or on Account of the Superannuation Fund, or Money received for the Repair of Dover 3n*

Harbour, or Monies received for Fees arising froth vacant Patent Offices, but such Monies shall continue to be

received, accounted for, and applied, as they were before the pafliag of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in order that the several i ayments directed by Order of the Commission- Drawback*, era of the Customs in England, to be made by the said Receiver General to Merchants or any other Persons Bounties, &r. on Account of Drawbacks or Bounties, or on any other Account whatever, may be made without Delay, and for the Payment of which the Money then in the Hands of the said Receiver General shall be insufficient, it Commislum-shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or one of his Clerks, to be deputed and authorized by him for' ers of Customs that Purpose and for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable, to draw out of the Bank of England, as by Draft,

Occasion may require, such Sum or Sums of Money as may be sufficient to answer the Purpose aforesaid; and7

that every Draft or Order on the Bank for Money for any of the said Purposes, shall be countersigned by the 5uPcrvi Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments, or one of his Clerks, to be deputed ana authorized byh im for that Purpose, for whose Conduct therein he shall be answerable; and that the said Receiver General

shall from Time to Time account for the Monies so to be drawn by him or his Clerk out of the Bank.

VII. And, in order that separate Accounts may be kept at the Exchequer, of the Monies paid in on various b, 3

Branches of the Customs pursuant to Law, be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General of the Customs furnished with shall, on every Monday Morning, furnish the proper Officers of the Exchequer with an Appropriation Paper, Appropriation flaring the Heads under which the Receipt of the preceding Week is to be applied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present, and bf ton the Death or every other Receiver General of the Customs hereafter to be appointed, the Balance of Cam for which be Jtemnvalof shall at* that Time have Credit on his Account as such Receiver General with the Governor and Company of Receiver Genrml the Bsuik of England, Audi, as soon as a Successor shall be appointed to the said Office, actually vest in such

46 Geo. III. A Successor, slcVcffor*c,

514 C. 150 — 152. 46° GEORGII III. A D. 1806.

Successor, and until such Successor shall be appointed in such Person or Persons as shall for the Time being be duly authorized to execute the Duties of the said Office, in Trust for the Service of the Publick, and be forthwith transferred, carried over, and placed to the Account of such Successor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to be applied to the said Service, in purfance of the like Drafts and Orders as aforesaid.

Receiver General

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Ninth Day of August One thousand eight hundred shall keep send fix, the Receiver General of the Customs for the Time being shall keep the Account with the Bank of all

th^Bank W Monies issued by and paid to the Bank on his Account, for the Service of the Publick; and the said Receiver General, observing the Rules and Regulations hereby prescribed, shall not be answerable for any Money, Bills* Notes, and Drafts, which he shall have so paid, or caused to be paid, into the Bank of England; and the-Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be answerable for all the Monies, Bills, Notes, and Drafts, which shall be actually received by them, from and on Account of such Receiver General as aforesaid, except such Bills as may have been returned in Manner aforesaid.

Penalty on forg- X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit in& Draft*, fcc. or Cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in forging or counter-Fdony without feitin^ the Name or Hand-writing of the Receiver General of the Customs for the Time being, or of the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payment*, or the Person or Persons duly authorized as aforesaid, to any Draft, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any

of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on Account of the Receiver General of the Customs, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Draft, Instrument, oc Writing in Form of a Draft made by such Receiver General, or the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, or shall utter or publish any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and mall fuller Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. CLI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant new Leases on former Rents for the Benefit of Charitable Institutjons, or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

[23d July 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents: And Whereas by the said Act His Majesty is restrained from granting any Lease of any Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Woods, or other Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, 9within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, except under the Terms and Conditions and

Restrictions, and in the Manner therein particularly directed: And Whereasit is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to grant any such Leases as have heretofore been customary, or to reserve in any Grant

of any such Leases any Rents for the Benefit of any Charitable lastitutions, or for the Augmentation of any c Ecclesiastical Benefices: Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled

His Majesty* in and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in all Cases in which any Rent hath' Cases where been heretofore referred for the Benefit of any Charitable Institution, or for the Augmentation of any Eccle-hcn'ofae (hdHcal Benefice or Corporation, in the Grant of any Leases of Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, eferved, or Tythes, Woods, or other Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, within the Ordering and Survey of the Xand*, &c. have Exchequer, to continue to reserve any such Rent upon such Grants or Leases respectively, for the Benefit of tjeen granted for any Charitable' Institution, or for the Augmentation of any. Ecclesiastical Benefice or Corporation at an* C?haHuLie ^errto^rel and also in all Cases in which any Manors* Messuages, Lands, Tenements*, Rents, Tythes* loftitmUHi* or*Woods, and other Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, withm the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, have Augmentation of heretofore been granted for the Benefit of any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Corporation or Charitable Institution, Ecclesiastical for the Purpose of augmenting the Revenues of such Ecclesiastical Benefice or Corporation or Charitable* Benefice, may Institution, to continue to grant new Leases of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes*: sefcrve^such Woods, and other Hereditaments as aforesaid, from Time to Time under the like Reservations of Rent as-Rent or grant have heretofore been reserved; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty* fourth Year of His present mtW Leaks, &«. Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CLII

An Act to (lay, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, or Informations under an Act made in the Second Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tannets, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the cutting of Leather, so far as relates to the buying of Oak Bark and rough: Hides and Calve Skins in the Hair.

[23d July 1806.]

Recital of 2 Jac. 1. c. 22. §19. as to repealing Oak Bark; and 7. as to buying rough Hides or Calve Skins in the Hair j Proceedings in Anions for Penalties under the recited Se&ioas may be staid till Forty Days after Commencement of ensuing Session.

9 CAP.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. 15 $ — 156, 915

CAP. CLIII.

An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Harbours of the United Kingdom.

[23d July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Preservation of the Publick Harbours of the United itingdom is of great Importance to the Commerce and Security thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make, construct, or erect any Pier, Quay, Wharf, Jetty, Bread, or Embankment, in or adjoining to any Publick Harbour in the United Kingdom, or any'River immediately communicating therewith, so far as the Tide flows up the fame, without giving at leall One Month's previous Notice of his, her, or their Intention so to do, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, who. is to lay the same before the Lord High Admiral or Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being; the Receipt of which Notice the said Secretary is hereby required duly to acknowledge; upon pain that every Person or Persons offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Effoigp, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend, or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Liberties, InterefU, Privileges, Eranchises, or Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or their Succef* fora, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or any ef their Deputies or Mini iters in the Port of London, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or dimini Hi any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction which at the Time of making this Act the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said CitT for the Time being as Conservator of the River of Thames and Waters erf Medway, did or rniight kwfuHy claim, use, or exercise; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

No Quay, Embankment, Sc c. Hull beere&ed in or near to any Publick Harbour without giving One Month's Notice to the Admiralty, Penalty tool.

Saving the Privileges of the City of London.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the [Seeatfi cap. Court of Exchequer in Scotland were foliated, and erecting new Buildings in lieu thereof.55i

{23d July 1806.]

WHEREAS the Building in the City of Edinburgh ± in which the Chief Baron, and the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, latfty fat and held Courts and Meetings for the Dispatcjh

of the Business of the said Court, has been found to be in a very ruinous State, and too Imall for the Accommodation of them and their Officers, and unfit for the Preservation and Security of the numerous and valuable Records in their Custody And Whereas it has been found highly expedient, that the Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices were situated, should be taken down, and new and more commodious Court Rooms and Apartments erected and built upon the Scite thereof, or as contiguous thereto as may be,

for the Accommodation of the Judges an<^ Officers of the said Court; and also, for containing and keeping

the valuable Records of the said Court in a State of good Preservation and Security: And Wherea3 the building and completing the said Court Rooms and Apartments will be of the great eft Publick Utility, not only to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, but to the whole United Kingdom Be it enacted, &c.

Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland empowered to take down the Treasury Chambers, and build Court Rooms and other Apartments. §1. — When Buildings are completed, the Court of Exchequer, &c. shall be held there. §2. — The said Barons empowered to apply certain Balances arising from Money granted 4< under the Acts 32 G. 2. c. 36. §15; 33 G. 2. c. 18. §17 5 1 G. 3. c. 10. §17 5 and n^ool. out of the 4< Balance of Money arising under 24 G. 3. c. 57; in erecting the said Court Rooms and Apartments, f 3. die.

CAP. CLV.

An Act for applying certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards making [See!j % Canals, Harbours, and other Publick Works there. {23d July 1806.]

4t Recital of Acts, 25 G. 2. c. 41; 14 G. 3. c. 22; and 24 G. 3. c. 57; and of the Balances now unappro- priated, arising under the said Acts; the Appropriation of certain Sums under 46 G. 3. c. 154, and c. 156 :

The Balances arising from forfeited Estates in Scotland not already appropriated, shall be vested in the Commissionera appointed under43 G. 3. c. 80, towards making Canals, &c. and the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall render an Account thereof and transfer the same to the said Commissioners accordingly.

CAP. CLVI.

An Act for appropriating certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Use [See «//# cap. of the British Fisheries, and the erecting a Lunatic Asylum at Edinburgh^ and the Payment of the54» , 55*1 Officers of the late Board of annexed Estates in Scotland.

[23d July 1806.]

u Recital of 25 G. 2. c. 41; 14G. 3. c. 22; and 24 G. 3. c. 57; The Barons of the Exchequerin Scotland shall,

out of the Surplus of Money under 24 G. 3. c. 57. pay to the Treasurer of the Society for extending the 4C Fiihfries, See. 7, 500b towards erecting a Harbour at Wick, in the County of Caithness. §1 . — The Barons of

6Ax 4< Exchequer

A.D. 1806.

916 0.156 — 158. 46° GEORGII III.

u Exchequer shall, out of the same Balance, pay 800l. ter Annum for Ten Years to the Highland Society. " The Society shall pay the Salaries of the Boasd of Trustees of the Forfeited Estates. { 2. — - The Barons of in the Exchequer shall also pay, out of the said Balance, 2, ooool. to the City of Edinbutgb, towards erecting a Lunatick Hospital. §3Acuities to Officers of the late Board of annexed Estates shall be secured on <e 25, 0001. due from the City of Edinburgh, instead of the 15, 1251. now in the Royal Bank for that " Purpose. §4.

CAP. CL VII.

8 1 An Act for more effectuall7 carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-.15 ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the

Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjloun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to die Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as ? relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Denvall, James Mac Dowall, and Robert

Houjloun Rae> in the West Indies and elsewhere, 1 except in Scotland.

[23d July 1806.]

Recital of 35 G. 3* c. 127. and several subsequent Acts to 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 13. and c. 101. respecting the Loans " to Houflon Sc Co. and the Proceedings under the said Acts; all the Effects of William Mac Dowall, James t€ Mac Dowall, and Robert Houjloun Roe, in the West Indies, England, or elsewhere (except Scotland) veiled in u Trustees for the Purpose of paying the said Loans and their other Debt

CAP. CLVIII.

[See atfi An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-c*t- , 57'] ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the

Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of.Alexander Houjloun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowall, and Robert HouJlonRae, Esquires, in Scotland.

[23d July 1806.]

[All the Estates of W. Mac Dowall, J % Mac Dowall, and R. H. Roe, in Scotland\ vested in a Trustee for Pqro^eftkeir DebtiJ

LOCAL

A.D. 1806.

46° GEORGII III.

C. i — iii. 917

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing ABs as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to tlx corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the then next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act

(r) For 21 Years, ift. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this Lift not distinguished by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts; to each of which is annexed er

Clause in the Form following.

i And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges* Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q. P.) Quad Publick Acts, i. e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following.

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer tathe King's most Excellent* Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and «' others."

Cap. i.

AN Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of Hiepresent Majesty, intituled, An X1 q. 3. c. ifr Act for lighting such Part of the Town of Islington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein; and for removing and preventing Nuisances within the said Town and Pariflu [22d March 1806.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Bridgewater Street, in Manchester, across the River Irwell, through Salford to Eccles, in the County Palatine oi Lane after, and several Branches of the Road to communicate therewith, (b).

[22d March 1806.*]

Cap. iii.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, to provide convenient Court Houses for holding the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace within the said Riding.

[*2d March 1806.]

WHEREAS the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York have 4 v heretofore been from Time to Time holden at the Towns of JVetherby, Wakefield\ Doncaster, Pontefract,

4 SUpton, Bradford, Rotherham, Knaresborough, Leeds, Sheffield, and Barnsley, all in the said Riding: And,

Whereas the Court Houses or Buildings in the said several Towns in which the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Riding have been so holden as aforesaid, are for the most Part very ancient Buildings,

greatly out of Repair, and altogether incovenient for the Purposes of holding therein the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace: i^nd Whereas the same are either the Property of private Individuals or of Corporations,

4 by whose Permission and Sufferance only they have been used for the Purposes aforesaid, and therefore are not subject ia any respect to the Controul of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding: And Wherea6 it ia

become expedient and necessary to the Administation of Justice, that the Justices of the Peace for the said

Riding should be empowered to erect, build, or otherwise provide, as when and where Occasion may require

proper Court Houses with suitable Accommodations for the more convenient holding of such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace as aforesaid; and to purchase such Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises as

may be necessary for such Purposes, and to defray the Expences thereof by and out of t \e Publick Stock a$d

County Rates of the said Riding: But the lame cannot be effected without the 1 id and Authority of

Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General ru^-ce, enabled

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act at Pontefract in andjor the Wed v idiftg

of the County of York} in the First Week after the Close of Easte»> and afterward* ft any future General tocr^t Court*

Quarter ifcufrjftc.

C. v — xiv.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

and to pay for the same out of the County Katoa.

4*3. 3. c. 65. 2 5 G. 3* c. io

4 G. 3. c 25G. 3. c.

64.

104.

3i G. 2. c 14 G 3 20 G. 3. c,

1.

98.

86.

4 G. 3. c. 81.SG.3« c. ioj.

5 c. 3- c. 59. 16 G. 3. c. 136.

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden at PontefraR aforesaid next after Easter, yearly and every Year, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to ma!<e such Order or Orders for the erecting, building, purchasing, providing, and furnishing, in any of the Towns aforesaid, proper Court Houses with suitable Accommodations for the more convenient holding of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said West Riding, as to them the said Justices so afllmbled, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time appear expedient and necessary; and for the paying, discharging, and defraying of all the Expences, Costs, and Charges of and attending the erecting, building, purchasing, providing and furnishing of the fame, and the effecting and carrying into Execution of the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the Publick Stock or County Rates of the said Riding, subject to such Restrictions and Provisions as are lierem-after contained.

" Justices enabled topurchafe Lands for the Purposes of this Act. §2. &c.

Cap. iv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chertjey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof, and building a Vestry Room near or adjoining to the said Church.

[22d March it; 06 ]

Cap. v.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road, from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleafley, in the County of Derby. (e.)

[2 id March 1806.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widei i ig the Road from Ttnfley, in the County of York, to the Town of Doncaster, in the said County. (c.) - [22d March 1806.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Fourteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Graffmgton, in the County of York, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road from Knarcjboraiigh to the Junction of the Road from R 'tpon to Pateley Bridge. (b.)

[22& March 1B06.J

Cap. viit.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fourth and and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Buck9: Head at IVailing Street, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop; and for making a new Branch of Road adjoining or near to the said Roads, (r.)

[22d March 18c6.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wymondham in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[22d March 1806.]

[His Majesty being Lord of the Manor of Wymondham of the Queen, Commissioners shall transmit an Extract of so much of their Award as relates to His Majesty's Allotment to the Land Revenue Office. § i, 32.]

Cap. x.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of East Ruston, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[a2d March 1806.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Bejlhorpe, in the County of Norfolk. (q. P.J [2ld March 1806 J

Cap. xii.

An Act to enable the Huddersfield Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to finifti and complete the Huddersfield Canal, and for amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.* [31st March 1806.]

*[too, goo/.; See former HRs 34 G. 3. c. 53; 39*40 G. 3. c. xxxix.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to a l lace called New Hey, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith. (b.) £31 ii March 1806.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Lymington, in the County of Southampton; and for amending and widening the Road to Wdvcrly Pcfl, in the New Forest. (r.)

[3, (1 March 1806.]

Cctpm

A.D. 1806.

4C0 GEORGII III.

C. xv — rix.

9i9

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth' 4G* 3- 'A and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from 5 3

CalUngton in the County of Cornwall. [I.)

[31st March 1806.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Workhouse of the Par'tjh of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the said Parish, to raise a farther Sum of Money # for completing^ the Purpose of the said Act.

[2d April 1806.]

[6000l. See former Act, 38 G. 3. c. 34.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Milibridge to Cleckheaton, in the Parish of Birjlall, all in the West Riding of the County of York*)[2d April 1806.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in 5 G. 3. c. Sf-the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bawtry Bridge, in G.3. e. the County of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln, and other Road* therein mentioned, as relates to the First and Second Districts of Roads therein described. (r.)

[2d April 1806.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for the Regulation of the Oyster, Sole, and Salmon Fisheries, within the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, andtiie Rivers running into the said Harbour# [21st April 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Edward the First, intituled, A Penalty for taking of Salmon at certain Times of the Year; whereby it was provided, that !3 Ed* 1 ' the Waters oI Humber, Ouse, Trent, Donne, Arre, Derwent, IVherfe, Nid Yore, Swale, Tefe, and all other c. 47* 841

+Waters (wherein Salmon be taken within the Kingdom) should be in Defence for taking Salmon from the Nativity of our Lady unto Saint Martin's Day; which Act was confirmed, and further Provision made relating thereto, by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Richard the

Second, intituled, A Confirmation of Thirteenth Edward First, Statute One, Chapter Forty seven, touching taking ijRic. irlfrt* 4 Salmons: And Whereas the Periods limited by the said Acts are not suited to the Fisheries for Salmon, Salmon c. 19.

Peal, or Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges otherwise Sea Trout, or to the Protection of the Spawn or Fry of Salmon, in the Harbourof Milford\ in the County of Pembroke, or in the Rivers or Waters running thereinto

or communicating therewith, in the said County of Pembroke: And Whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for the better Prese.vation of Salmon, and the Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Salmon,

Salmon Peal, Salmon Kind, Sewen Bouges, otherwise Sea Trout, in the said Harbour, and in the said Rivers or Waters, and in the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith: And Whereas from Time immemorial there has been a Fishery for Oysters, Soles, Whitings, and other Fish, within the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, and in the several Rivers and Waters running into or communicating with the said Harbour, to the great Benefit not only of the Inhabitants of the circumjacent Country, but of the Publick at large: And Whereas the said Fishery has of late been much injured by the Oysters being taken during the breeding Season, and by taking them in too great Quantities, and of at*

improper Size, and by catching the Soles and Whitings therein of too small a Size s And Whereas the said Fishery will in Process of Time be totally and utterly destroyed, except Provisions are made for the Prevention thereof: But as such Provisions cannot be made without the Aid and Authority of Parliament may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Power f&r legal respective Owners and Proprietors, and Persons legally entitled, and their respective Agents and Servants, and Owners, they are hereby authorized and empowered to fish in the said Harbourof Mi ford, in the County of Pembroke,

the Names of Sivenef,

&c. ur Salmon itv

Milford

and in the said respective Rivers or Waters, commonly called, known, or distinguished by v. ( f

Cled e otherwise Doy Clcdde, in the said County of Pembroke, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same vw-ith Ic^al Ncir are called or known, or in any of the Streams of Water communicating therewith respectively, at at any Time from tie 30th, or Times in each and every Year after the passing of this Act, between the Tliirtieth Day of Abril and the First April to ifo Day of November, and with legal and proper Nets or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill, or destroy any Salmon, November Salmon.eal, or Salmon Kind, Se'wen Bouges or Sea Trout, and to offer to Sale any of such Fish so taken Ytary' between the said last mentioned Periods; and that all such Fish so taken within the said Harbour of Milford, the said respective Rivers and Waters, and within the respective Periods aforesaid, shall be deemed and confiaered to be in Seafbn, and proper to be killed r the said recited Acts or either of them, or any other Act or Acts,

Law, Statute, Ordinance, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalty on Persons taking Salmon, &c. at other Times of the Year, or purftiing or injuring the fame, with Spears, &c. 10l. for the First Offence, and.ol. for the Second. §2. — Lindts of Milford Harbour ddifted from Sniff Pane's Point to Linney Head. $ 3. — Penalty on taking Soles in Milford Harbour under Eight Inches long, 40s. §4# — Penalty on taking Oysters, &c. in the said Harbour between 30th/^r/7 and ift

44 OBcber,

920 C. xix — xxvii.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

if a; iy Offender ag linli this A<£1 lb a 11 cfc.tpc, See. out of the Juris-tJif^ion, or his Goods shall be out of such Jurisdiction, See. any Just ice may indoife the Warrant of Ap^rchcnsion or Dili ref*, which shall be'exu uted accordingly where the Offender or the Goods shall actually be.

*1 G. j, czxxvii.

" October, 10l. First Offence and 20l. Second Offence, &c. $c. — Persons found taking or using Engines, refusing " to discover thrmselves, may befeized. §6. — Governor of Milford Haven, Lord Lieutenant of Panbroleshire, " M. P. for the County, and for the Towns of Pembroke and Haverfordwest, the Mayor of the said Towns, and " the Collectors of the Customs for the Ports of Pembroke and Haverfordwest empowered to make Bye-Laws for K regulating tho Fishery. §7, &c. — Penalty on emptying Rubbish into the Harbour, 5I, §11.

XIII. And it is further enacted, That in case any Person against whom any Warrant shall be issued by any Justice of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, either before or after Conviction for any Offence against the fame, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town; or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; or if the Goods and Chattels cf any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Act, shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place than where the said Party was convicted, or the Warrant of Distress granted, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place into which such Person shall escape, either before or after Conviction, or where his Goods and Chattels shall be after such Conviction, and he is hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of the Justice granting such Warrant or Warrants to indorse his Name on such Warrant; and the fame, when so indorsed, shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Person granting the said Warrant; and the said Justice, after indorsing the said Warrant, may, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him, proceed to hear and determine the Complaint in the same Manner as if it had originally arisen within his Jurisdiction, or may direct the Offender to be carried to the Justice who granted the said Warrant to be dealt with according to Law.

[Publick Act.]

" Form of Conviction. § — Appeal to Quarter Sessions j 15. — Cistress not unlawful for want of Form $16. " — Proceedings shall not be quashed for want of Form, or removable by Certiorari. §17. — Plaintiff shall not 4f recover against Persons executing this Act without Notice, or after Tender of Amends. §18. — - Limitation " of Action8 Six Months — Venue — Notice — Costs. $ 19. — §20.

Cap. xx.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[21st April 1806.]

Company empowered to r&ife an additional Sum of 143, 050l. See former Acts 34 G. J. c. 78 j 40 G. 3. c. xxxvi. 44 G. 3. c. ix.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act For amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of an Act, passed in tke Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving, and otherwise improving, the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk.'[21st April 1806.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for regulating the Charities of John West, of London^ Gentleman, and Frances his Wife, both deceased.

[21st April : 806.]

\These Chanties relate to ChrifPs Hof bit al London : — By the Act the Hofphal is empowered to lease the Estates drvtfed by West and his Wife; and to apply to the Court of Chancery for Diteftions as to Applications of the Profits, m case of any Dispute or Difficulty arising.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Martoci, in the County of Somerset. (q, P.)

[21st April 1806.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Little Snoring, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[5th May 1806.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townfiup of Scotfortht, in the PaiiTh of Lancaster % in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q P.)

[5th May 1806.]

Cap xxvi.

An Act For amending, altering, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed for paving, pitching, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets and other Places within the City of Bristol and Liberties thereof.

[5th May 1806.] See former Acts 11 & 12 W. 3. c. 23*22 G. 2. c. 20; 28 G. 2. c. 32; 6 G. 3. c. 34 5 43 G. 3. c. cxl.}

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town and Township of Colne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster % with Water.

[5 th May j8o6.J

Cap.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C. xxviii-xxxii.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Lutterworth Hand, on the Watling Street Road, through Churchover, Brownfover, Newlold upon Avon, Rugby and BUton, in the County of Warwick, to the Turnpike Road between Dunchurch and H'dimorton, in the said County, (c.)

[5th May 1806.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to extend the Provisions of so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to repairing certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Aberdeen, to other Roads within the said County, [5th May 1806.]

44 G. 3. c. lxxxi.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Alford to Boston, and from thence to Cowbridge, in the County of Lincoln.

[5th May 1806.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of York to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges of the Artizes at the said County.

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the City of York, in which His Majesty's Judges reside during their

*Attendance at the Aluzes for the County of York, are very inconvenient, and do not afford proper

and suitable Accommodation to the Judges during their Residence in the said City: And Whereas the

Magistrates of the said County of York artembled at a General Meeting held at the Castle of York on Thursd y 4 the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, having duly considered the fame, resolved that there appears no Mode of procuring permanent suitable Accommodation for the said Judges of Assize but by the

Expenditure of a considerable Sum of Money either in the Purchase, Repairing, or Building of some House for that Purpose: And Whereas the same cannot be done without the Aid and Authority of Parliament/ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.

Five Justices of the Peace named Commissioners foe executing this Act all Vacancies of Commissioners tin be supplied by the Justices at any General Meeting at Artizes. §1, $. — Commissioners empowered to make " Orders, purchase Houses, &c. for Accommodation of the Judge. §6. &c.

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for more effectually preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Aidmeasurement and Delivery of Coal* within the several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Rot her hit he, both inclufi ve, in the County of Surrey (a.)

[23d May 1806.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present M^efty King 4 v George the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in toe Admeasurement of Coals sold by

Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying and being between Putney and Rotherithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surreys And Whereas the Regulations contained and established in and by the said recited Act have proved very beneficial to the Consumers of Coals within the said Jurisdiction; and, from the Number of Frauds

detested in the Delivery of Coals therein it is apprehended it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, Chertsey, Wey bridge, Walton on Thames, West Moulsey, Thames Ditton % Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnes, Croydon, Mitcham, Newington, and Saint George in the Borough of Southwark, all in the said County of Surrey, if Provision was made to prevent Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the lame: And Whereas if the Powers and Provisions of the said Act were in some respects varied, altered, and amended, and if the Whole of the Powers and Provisions so established were consolidated and reduced into one Act, and the former Act repealed, it would be more convenient and advantageous to the Publick, and beneficial to the Inhabitants redding within the said Jurisdiction May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fourth Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed; and that thereupon this Act shall commence and take place instead thereof, and shall be in full force and effect for and during the Term of Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the the next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That Joseph Burnett, of the Parish of Streatham, in the said County of Surrey, and Francis Bigg, of the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the said County of Surrey, or the Survivor of them, shall be and are hereby nominated and appointed principal Land Coal Meters for the executing the Provisions of this Act 5 and that there shall be provided and continued near to Black Friars Bridge in the said County of Surrey, One Publick Office, which shall be deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter's Office for the several Parishes of Egham, Thorpe, Chertsey, Weybridge, JValton on Thames, West MouUey, Thames Ditton, Kingston, Richmond, Mortlake, Barnes, Croydon, Mitcham, Putr, ey, Wandsworth, Battersea, Lambeth, Chrflchurth, Newington, Saint George's in the Borough of Southwark, Saint Saviours, Saint Olave, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, and Saint Mary, Rotherhithe, all in the said County of Surrey, and Eighteen fubondisate Offices, videlicet, One at Egham, One at Thorpe, One at Chertsey, One at Weykridge, One at Walton on Thames, 46 Geo. III. 6 B One

92f

*5 0.3. 5-

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. xxxii.

5 G. 3- c. 96.4G. 3* c. 6t.

*6 G. 3. c. V4* recalledmd repealed.

Principal Meters for (he District mentioned ia, this Act.

9J2 C. xxxii. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

One at West Moulsey, One at Thames Ditton, One at Kingston, One at Richmond, One at Mortlake, One at Barnes, One at Putney, One at Croydon, One at Mitcham, One at Wand [worth, One at Battersea, One at Lambeth, and One in or near Tooley Street, In the Borough of Southwark, which said Offices shall for and during the said Term of Twenty-one Years then hext ensuing be managed by the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and the Survivor of them* who are and is hereby nominated and appointed to be the Managers or Manager of such Offices; which Offices* when provided and established, shall be kept open every Day, ( Sundays, Good-Friday, Christmai-Day, and Fad Days by Proclamation only except-d) from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of Five in the Morning till Nine in the Evening; and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth of March yearly during the Cod-tinuance of this Act, from the Hour of Six in the Morning till Six in the Evening.

Subject to the

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg % and Cwntroui of the the principal Land Coal Meters within the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, and their Deputies or Servants Stater Session. acting under them in the Admeasurement of Coals by virtue and in Durfuaoce of this Act, shall be and they and every of them are hereby declared to be fubied to the Power, Jhrifdiaionj and Control of any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surrey, and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by the said Courts from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices on Complaint ana Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect, or other Misbehavlour in the Management or Execution thereof: all which Com* plaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Courts in a fttmmary way; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in pnywise notwithstanding.

Justlcet shall

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace are admiaiOtrOvchf. fcy this Act authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Justices respectively to administer such Oath and take such Affirmation.

]n case of the V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of either the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg Death of e)rh«r before the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-one Years the said Office shall be managed by the Survivor af.th* kid Of them (ttfilcM previously dismissed or suspended in Manner aforesaid) during the Remainder of the said Term; Cct»r?rhe Oilct case both the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Rtgg shall die, or be dismissed or suspended, before the

shall be Expiration of the said Term, then and from Time to Time afterwards during the said Term, as often as any

manaftd by the Vacancy shall happen, the said Office shall be managed by such Person as shall be nominated and appointed in Survivor. Manner following videlicet, the Churchwardens of the said several and respective Parishes shall, by Notice in

Mode ofehoofing Writing, speccifying the Occasion, and signed by one of the Deputies in the said Land Coal Meter's Office, and such principal left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of each fucu Churchwarden, as soon as the same can be done Cool Meters in after any such Vacancy shall happen, be summoned to meet and assemble at the said Office at Twelve of the fiturc. Clock at Noon on a Day to be mentioned in the said Notice, not exceeding Six Days from the Date thereof; at

which Meeting some Penon shall be chosen and appointed to succeed to the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aforesaid, and such Person as shall at the Hour of Three of the Clock of that Day, be elected by the Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes, as shall be then and thfere assembled, shall be and is nereDV.declared to be Principal Land Coal Meter for putting this Act in Execution, and shall be veiled with toe like Powers, Authorities, and Emoluments, as the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg are by this Act veiled with.

Oath cf

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of affine as one of the Principal Land Coal

PriocipaiMcters. Meters under the Powers of this Act until he shall, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same gratis) take and tubferibe the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, [or being of the People called Quakers, do affirnf], that I wUl truly and faithfully, according to 4 X the bed of my Judgement and Ability, execute the Office oI Principal Land Coal Meter for the several Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Places used for the Delivery of Coals between the Parishes of Egham and Sams Mary, R'therhitbc, both inclusive, in the said County of Surrey. 4 Sa help me GOD.*

Labouring

M«cr»,

*Ad Deputies.

Penalty on principal Meter, wot appointing, sol. on Labour* ing M ters weglcD ing to aKcud, 5l

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and such other Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time and at all Times during the Continuance of this Act be nominated and appointed to manage the said Office, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, directed, and required to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be Deputies and Labouring Coal Meters at the several Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Places within the said Limits, One of which shall attend daily and every Day throughout the Year (Sundays, Good-Friday, Christmas Day, and Fall Days by Proclamation only excepted) from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September from the Hour of Five in the Morning to the Hour of Nine in the Evening, and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March from the Hour of Six in the Morning to the Hour of Six in the Evening, at the respecthre Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places used for the Delivery of Coals, within the said Limits during the Con* tmuance of this Act, to inspect the Admeasurement and Delivery of all Coals which shall from Time to Time be delivered at any of the said Whar.'a, Warehouses, or other Places where such Deputy or Labouring Coal Meters shall be Rationed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter shall neglect or refuse to appoint such Deputies and labouring'Coal Meters to attend at the said respective Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places, and at the Subordinate Offices, as is herein directed, on the Days and at the Times hereafter directed, such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter so neglecting shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any such Coal Meter so appointed to attend by the Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter

A.D. 1806.6- GEORGII III. C. xxxii.

(Hall not attend and perform bit Duty^the Time and in such Manner as is hereby directed, every such Coal Meter shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Jive Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as One of the Deputies or labouring Coal Meters to be appointed as aforesaid under the Powers of this Act, until he shall, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, (who is and are hereby authorized and required to administer the same gratis), take an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

T A. J?. do swear, [or, being of the People \called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], that I will truly and faithfully

A to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of One of the labouring Coal Meters at One or

more of the Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places, used for the Delivery of Coals between the Parities of

Rgbam and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the said County of Surrey, and impartially measure or fee

the same measured between Buyer and Seller without Favour or Hatred. 4 So help me GOD.'

And the said Justice and Justices respectively who shall administer the Oaths, or take the Affirmation required by this Act, is and are hereby directed to certify the same to the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Surrey, after the administering or taking of such Oaths or Affirmation, there ta remain on record.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any such Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter shall during the Continuance of this Act in his or their Office or Employment, be directly or indirectly interested in the Sale of Coals, such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall fur every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every other such Coal Meter so to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall be either directly or indirectly interested in the Sale of Coals, shall for every such Offence pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and being thereof convicted before the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall be dilmified from his or their said respective Office of Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the fame, or any other under this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Notice in Writing, or otherwise, being given to any of the Deputy Coal Meters, or left at his or their respective subordinate Offices, to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Limits of this Act in order to measure or to fee measured the Coals of the Person giving the said Notice, such Coal Meter shall attend pursuant to such Notice, within the Space of Two Hours from the Time of receiving the fame, or sooner if possible, and do his Duty according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and in case of Neglect or ftefulal to attend accordingly such Deputy or labouring Coal Meter shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XII And, in order to prevent Confederacy, be it further enacted, That the Stations to be appointed to and for the Coal Meters at the said Wharfs shall be frequently varied by the Principal Land Coal Meters 6r Coal Meter.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Coals (except what are sold as and for Pool Measure) fold or sent from any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Coal Meters, in such Manner as is directed in and by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulate tng the Measure and Prices of Coali, and with such a Bushel as is mentioned and described in and by an Act, pitted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the speedy'and effectual preferring the Navigation of the River of Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal Measure; and the said Deputy or labouring Coal Meters shall and may and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of Coals as shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contrafting for the Sale of the said Coals.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act Four-pence per Chaldron of Coals fold or delivered (except by Pool Measure as aforesaid) at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place within the Limits of this Act, shall be paid, by the Person who keeps the Wharf, Warehouse, or Place where such Coals shall be carried from, to the Principal Land Coal Meters, or Coal Meter for the Time bein& as a Recompenoe for their or his Labour and Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of Clerks, Messengers, House Rent, Fire, Candles, and all Expence* incident to the Execution of the Office aforesaid, and for the Hire of Deputies or labouring Coal Meters $ and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meters, or Coal Meter, shall and they and he are and is hereby recoined to deliver or cause to be delivered to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the fame, a Paper, Writing, or Ticket, signed by One of the said Principal Land Coal Meted, and counUrsigned by the Coal Meter attending and delivering the (met in which ihoH he contained as well the ChrifUan and Surname of the respective Sellers as of the Conturaers of the said Coals -5 the Quantity, and Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the DeKveiy and Admeasurement; the Amount of the MetageCharge, and the Nhmcs of the Carmen, Lightermen, or other Person or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry away the same Coals; and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Goals, that if he, she, or they it or are distatisfted with the Measure thereof, such Dissatisfaction must be expressed to the Cannaft, Lighterman, or other Person, before any Part thereof are (hot or unladen (rom the said Craft, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage: which said Ticket beingthus made complete, and Metage paid, shall he delivered unaltered by the Coal Meter countersigning the fame, without Delay, to the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, carry, ' drive, or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Consumcr therein nsroc^ which said Ticket unaltered the Carman, Lighterman,

68 a or

r

923

Oath of Deputy and Labouring Motets.

Meters not to be interested in the Sale of Coals.

Penalty cn Deputies neglecting to fend labouring Meter, and on labouring Meter rot attending ma Notice.

Station of Labouring Coat Mftcrslb.il) be varied.

Coals shall be me <fnred in the P< efenee of a Labouring Meter.

Coal Maters payment.

Tickets to he deliver'd to the Sellfervr Carman,

Their Contents.

TickeM so ha delivered by Lfcoouilitf Coat Meter to Carman or Lighterman, and by them to Consumer*

9*4

Pena'tvon Coal Labouring Me er retufing to deliver Ticket to the Caiman, &c.

Penalty on Vender for fending Coals unmeasured, or without a Ticket.

Penalty on Wharfinger* bribing Meter*.

Penalty on delivering Life Ticket*,

If Penalty not paid within a Month, may be recovered from the Principals.

Penalty on Meter* suffering Coal* to pass without being measured.

Penalty on Carmen permitting Coals ro be taken out of hi* Cart, &c.

Coals may be

re-measured.

C. xxxii. 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

or other Person therein framed or employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals in such Tickets described, shall and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket for the Use of such Consumer, and thereupon he, (he, and they are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket the Metage therein specified 5 and if the Deputy or labouring Coal Meter countersigning such Ticket shall, after the Payment of the Metage Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver such Ticket as herein-before directed to the Carman, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the Coals therein described, such Deputy or labouring Coal Meter shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and if such Caripan, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Coal Meter countersigning the fame, cither alter or neglect or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman, Lighterman, or other Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft loaded, or in which any Quantity of Coals exceeding Seventeen Bushels shall be sent or driven from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place 11 fed for the Deliver}'of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, (except what are fold and deliverd as and for Pool Measure, ) without having been measured as herein-before directed, or without having first obtained such Ticket as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case the Vender of the said Coals shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give or cause to be given to any Coal Meter within the said Limits, at any Time or Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity what foe ver, over and besides the Four-pence per Chaldron, herein-before enacted and allowed for the Charges or Metage, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Deputy or labouring Coal Meter (to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this Act) shall at any Time or Times nereafter during the Continuance of this Act deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, Lighterman, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the Four-pence per Chaldron, herein-before enacted and jdlowed to be taken for the Metage Charge, or if any such Coal Meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure of Coals, or shall deliver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and shall be in any or either of the said Cases convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of Two or more credible Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's JuAicea of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall for every Offence in either of the said Cases forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, and be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter 5 which Penalty or Forfeiture if not paid within One Calendar Month next after the Con vision of the offending Party, shall and may be recovered of and from the Principal Coal Meters or Coal Meter for the Time being, in the Manner as might have been against the Party so convicted

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Coal Metcfr shall from and after the Commencement of this Act wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals to be sent from any Wharf or Flace whatsoever within the Limits of this Act, (except as before excepted), without being measured in the Manner herein-before directed, and shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter at the said Office within Two Days next after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid, and shall be duly convicted thereof by the Oaths (or being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of Two or more credible Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, such Coal Meter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a Coal Meter within the Limits comprized in this Act, and forfeit and pay the Sum of Five rounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Lighterman or other Person attending any Craft with Coals loaded therein from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall deliver or suffer to be delivered or taken from any such Graft, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage any Coals under his Carr, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner or Owners, rurchafer or Purchascre thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case of Non-payment thereof every such Offender shall and may be committed by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction should be had, to the House of Correction for the said County of Surrieri there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, unit£5 the said Penalty or Forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be dissatisfied with, ov think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Goals sold to him or her within the Limits aforesaid, and shall upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter's Ticket accompanying such Coals signify his or her Desire to have the same re-measured, then and in every such Calc the Lightermdr, Carman, or Driver of the Craft, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said Craft, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, until they are re-measured, under the Penalty of Five Pounds-on the Owner or Proprietor, and Twenty Shillings on the Lighterman, Driver, or other Person or .Perforts attending the fold Craft, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage;

' and

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

6'.

xxxii.

925

and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or their Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be re-measured and also fend Notice thereof to the principal or one of the subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office neared the Place where such Coals are about to be re-measured, and thereupon a Principal, or one of the Meters (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the Coa's were originally measured) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at one of the Land Coal Meier's Offices aforesaid, attend to re-mrafure the said Coals; and shall, unless the same are carried in Bulk accordingly, re-measure the fame, Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender or Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to see the same re-rreasured; and also in the Presence of one of the principal or other Coal Meters of or for the Cities of London ox Westminster, if any such shall attend, the Attendance of whom shall have been procured by the Purchaser of the Coal-, for which Re-measurement the Purchaser shall pay the principal Coal Meters or Coal Meter appointed by this Act the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re measured; and in case the Coals thus re-measured shall not in the Judgement of such Meter from the Cities of London and Westminster, if any such shall attend, and if not, then in the Judgement of such first-mentioned principal or other Coal Meter amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Buftiel of Coals found deficient the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure, to and for the Use of the Poor of the PariPn where the said Coals shall he so re-measured; and the Coal Meter under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured shall for every Bushel so deficient forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, which Sum, if not paid within Five Days next after his Conviction, shall and may be recovered from the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meier for the Time being; and the Coal Porters who shall measure the same for the Vender thereof, shall for every Bushel of Coals so wanting forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Craft, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage shall be flopped or detained, for the Purpose or Pretence of re-admeasuring the Coals laden thereon, the Owner of every such Craft, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be entitled to the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Hour for every Hour the Craft, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall be so detained, over and above the usual Charge for conveying of such Coals, which Two Shillings and Sixpence per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals in case the same shall upon such Re-admeasurement be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of the said Coals in case the same shall not be re-measured, or shall upon such Re-admeasurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which the same were fold.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed and to be incuired by virtue or under this Act, shall be recovered and applied in Manner and to and for the Purposes following; (that is to say), such or so many of the said Penalties and Forfeitures at do and shall respectively exceed the Sum of Five Pounds by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, One Moiety whereof when recovered shall be to and for the Use of Our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof with full Costs of Suit to and for the Use of such Person r Persons who shall inform, or sue for the fame; and all other the aforesaid Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by way of Complaint made unto One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey9who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such Complaint on Oath, or upon Affirmation, (in case any Testimony in that respect shall be given by any of the People called Quakers), and upon due Proof thereof made to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Penalties and Forfeitures accordingly, One Moiety whereof, with full Costs as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety to and for the life of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively committed; and in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not after such Conviction or Convictions be forthwith paid, together with full Costs as aforesaid, that then the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus, if any be, on Demand, to such Offender or Offenders, and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days, nor less than Seven Days, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and declared, That if any Person so convicted as aforesaid shall think himself aggrieved he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey net after such Con vision, but not afterwards, and that Sessions, when so appealed to, shall at the then next Sessions after briuging such Appeal, hear and finally determine the same; and if the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, or prosecute the same with effect, the said Court of Sessions shall then award such Costs as they shall think reasonable to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on by such Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, and for want thereof to commit the Person or Persons thus appealing to the Common Gaol of and for the said County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they shall and do make actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded for the Purposes aforesaid; but in case the Appellant shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the same Court shall in that case award to such Appellant reasonable Costs, to be then and there in open Court paid to him or them by the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution such Conviction shall have been found or

made

Penalties on Vender, Meter, &c if found to be (hurt.

Carmen, &c. to

be paid zt. id, per Hour, when flopped to re-measure Coals.

Penalties and Forfeiture*, how to be recovered and app led*

Person*

aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Stiltons.

A.D. 1806.

916 C. xxxii - xxxv. 46° GEORGII III.

No Certiorari.

Limitation of Anions.

Full Costs.

Reserving the Rights of the City of London,

within Southwark.

This A & QiaHI or alter or repeal the Lon* don Coal Alls, 4|G.^. c cxxxiv.

l«44G.3-elixaii.

fJ« 41 G. V (U. K)c. »*ix. aW Nun litre.]

43

Rvloiti pure ha ft n§ Articles stolen from any 'hip, Ire. pttniOiabk by 14 Years Transpottatio*, &c.

made, and commit such Informer* and Prosecutors respectively to the Common Gaol of the said County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such Appellant the Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no such Conviction to be pronounced or made by virtue of or under this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Writ of Certiorari shall issueorbe issuable to remove the Record of any Conviction or Proceedings therein to he taken* tnadt, or pronounced in pursuance of or by the Authority of this Act* into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Information, or Suit, shall be brought, filed, or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done in pursuance of or against this Act, the same shall be commenced or filed within Two Calendar Mouths next after the Fadl committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the fpcdal Matter m Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Aftk>a, Suit, or Information shall be brought or filed after the Time for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury in such Case shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement (Hall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have full Costs, and such Remedy for the Recovery of the lame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXVI. Provided always, and ft is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be l to extend to prejudice or take away any Right, Property, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, within the Borough of Southwark, in the said County of Svrrev.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to repeal, alter, or vary any Part or Parts of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing a Free Market in the City of London, for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impfitions in the Fend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London rvjthin certain Places therein mentioned; or of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rjlahlshing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impfitiani in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain Places therein mentioned; but such Acts and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made.

Publick Act." $ 28.

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of King George the Second, and in the Third, Eighteenth, and Forty-first Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging the xier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

[23d May 1806.]

[7 his AS to continue in force during the Continuance of 41 G. 3. U.K. c. box.]

Cap. axxiv.

An Act for erecting a Pier, and other Works, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Porthdinllcyn in Carnarvon Avy, in the County of Carnarvon.

[23d May 1806.]

[The Porthdinllcyn Harbour Company incorporated and empowered to raise Money and colleS Rates.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to after and amend an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[23d May 1806.]

Shares of the Bristol Dock Company increased 3 $1. per Cent. §1. — Powers to Taife 50, 000/ additional under*43 3. e.cxl. J 20. repealed. §9. — Constables, recommended by the Company, shall be appointed by the

Sessions, and have Power to search and apprehend Boats and Offenders and to prevent Fdanies on the h iver, fee. f 21. fee. — Company empowered to make a Road and take Tolls. $ 42, fee.

XXXII. And be it further masted, That every Person who shall buy or receive any Rope, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furnitures Stores, Materials, or any Part of the Carso or Lading of any Ship or Vessel lying or being in the said Rivers Avon and Frame, or in the said intended Float, Entrance, Baton, Canals. Locks Docks, and Works or any Part thereof, knowing the same to be stolen or unlawfully come by, or shall privately buy or receive any such Stores Materials or Things by suffering any Door, Window, or Shutter to be left open or unfastened, between Sun-setting and Sun-rtfing, for that Purpose, or shall buy or receive the same, or any of them, at any Time clandestinely from any Peribnor Persons whomsoever, shall, being thereof convicted in dueCousfeof Law, be punished, by Traofpoctation, for any Time not exceeding the Term of Fourteen Years,

23 to

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. xxxv — -xlvi. 927

to such Place or Places, Part or Parts, beyond the Seas, as His Majesty shall declare and appoint 5 or by Fine and Imprisonment, or Whipping, or any or either of them, as the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, holden in and for the said City and County, or as the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said City and County, shall think fit to inflict, although the principal Offender or Offenders, Felon or Felons, be not before convicted of dealing or unlawfully procuring the fame, and whether he, she, or they, is or are amenable to Justice or not 5 any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for cleaning 11 G. $. c. 30, and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's and Yardheads, thereunto adjoining, and for suppfyuig the several Parts thereof with Fresh Water, and for the better regulating the Police of the said Town and Territory, and of the Town of North Leith, Coalhilland Citadel, and for other Purposea therein mentioned relating thereto.

[23d May 1606.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Grimsby, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and I3aces therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln.

(2 g&May 1806.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of the City of Cork, and for supplying the said Gaol with Water.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for better repairing the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the City of Exeter, and County of the 1G. 3. c, t8» find City, and for amending an Act, pafiecT in the First car of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter and Suburbs thereof, and for the better Regulation of the Watchr within the said City and County, and fur otherwise improving the same.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present 32. fa

Majesty, for better paving, dcanfing, and otherwise improving, the Borough of Bojhm, in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1866.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of His present Majesty^ c. 25.

for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Bofioup in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein, [23d May 1806.]

Cap. xliL

An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets^ Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the City of Litchfield, and the Suburbs thereof* [13d May 1806.]

Cap. xliir.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, repairing, and improving, Roads, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Lewes, in the County of Svjfex, and for reraoving and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments therein.

[23d May 1606.]

Cap. xllv.

An Act for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham,

Mar (ham, Stratton Strawless, S wanton Abbot, Burgh next Aylsham, S bey ton, Brampton, and Oxne>d, in the County of Norfolk.

[23d May 1806.]

\l'be Visitors and Guardians of the several Parishes named, incorporated by the Name of "The Visitors and Guardian* of the Poor of the united Parishes of Buxton, Hevingham, " &c. (as in the Title), £a\r.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Bridge across the River Severn, at Gloucester, called The Wrjlgqte Bridge, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto.

[23d May x 806.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for repealing Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty-fourth \ ears of His present Majesty, for 1 G. 3. c. 84. repairing the Road from Cofham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Chichester, and for more 24 G. 3. c. ji. effectually repairing the said Road (a), [23d May 1806.]

Cap. xlvii

A.D. 1806.

918 C. xlri — lnii. +6* GEORGII III.

Cap. xlvii.

l°G* 1U An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and for repealing the Laws then in force relating to the said Roads, (c.)

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and amending certain Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Berwick, and for better regulating the Statute Labour, and making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Roxburgh. (b)

[23d May 1806 3

[Former Acts 8 G. 3. c. 60. and 29 G. 3., c. 7. repealed.]

Cap. xlix.

i/g \ C<:7'. ^or continu*n^ the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second

and Seventeenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farr an!1 s Common, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the Parish of 1L acock, in the County of Wilts. (c) 1 [z$d May 1806.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Cricilcy Hill, in the County of Gloucester. [b.)

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. li.

C^An act*° con^nue the Term, xnd enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty .fifth5.3. c. 123. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads troqa the High Bridge in Spalding to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln, and from Sutton Saint Mary's to Sutton Wash, in the said County, (c)

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. lii.

26 G. 3. c. 135. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wivelifcombe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for amending and widening certain ether Roads adjoining thereto, (c)

[23d May i8oCa.j

Cap. liii.

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Guide Post at the Top of Stanwix Bank, near the City of Qarlijle, to Westlinton Bridge, in the County of Cumberland. (a)

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. liv.

An Act to enable the Duchess Dowager of Dorset, or other the Guardians for the Time being of the infant Children of the Most Noble John Frederick late Duke of Dorset, to execute Leases for long Terms of Years, and to execute Conveyances of Lands within the Manor of BexhiU, o\hcxmSe Beckjley, in the County of Sussex, for working Mines and other Substances within or under the fame, and for other the Purposes within mentioned, (q. P.)

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for vesting certain undivided Parts or Shares, devised by the Will of Hannah Bedford Widow, of and in several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, and for inverting the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.).[23d May i8oC*J

Cap. lvi.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between Six Edmund Craddock Hartopp Baronet, and Edward Hartopp IVigley Esquire, of Estates in the County of Leicester.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey.

[23d May 1806.]

Cap lviii.

An Act for maintaining a wooden Bridge over the River Clyde, from the City of Gbfgow to Hutchison Town, in the County of Lanark, ($)

[9th June 1806.]

Cap. lix.

A.D. 1805.

46° GEORGII

III.

G % lixi 929

lilt.

An Act to alter and amend several Afla, passed in the Fortieth, Forty*fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of HU [Seefirm* yfth,

present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation 39 & pG. 3.

and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London 5 and for other the Parpoies c-in the said Acts mentioned j and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company. 2.2 2l & c°ii

{[9th June I io; .]^ (jt c. lviii.*So much of 39, 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. §19. as requires the Elc&ion of Directors and Managers to take place on u the first Wednesday in July yearly, repealed; and such Election may take place within the first Twenty D »ys M of July yearly. §1. — The Company empowered to purchase additional Premises. §2. &c. — So much of the said u Act as requires a Bridge to be erected m Line of IVupping It reef repealed, and a Foot Bridge at the Entrance

tf of the Dock to be made* §4, 5. — Hours of opening and (hutting Dock Gates under 44 G. 3. c. 100.

" $ 3. — 7Repealed. §6.

VII. And be it further enacted, That on and from the said First Day of July in- this present Year, to the Future Houri Tenth Day of November also in this present Year, both Days inclusive; and from the said Tenth Day of November Times of to the Ninth Day of May then next, both inclusive, and in like Manner from the Tenth Day of November to the Ninth Day ot Miy, both inclusive, in all succeeding Years, at the Hour of Nine i.i every Morning, and from that Hour to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and from the Tenth Day of May to the Ninth Day of November, both inclusive, in every Year after this present Year, at the Hour of Eight in the Morning, and from that Hour to the Hour of Four in the Afternoon (excepting only Sunday*, Christm u Days, and Good Fridays, and also any Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fail or Thanksgiving) the Gates of the said Docks, and the Gates of such of the said Quays or Wharfs as have been or shall be provided for the landing or lading of any Goods or Merchandize, according to the Dire jlious cf any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore parted, of hereafter to be parted, shall be opened, and shall continue open for the Purposes of Business, and at and during all other Hours and Times the said Gates respectively shall be (hut and locked; and during the several Periods of such Gates being (hut and locked as aforesaid, no Person shall Be allowed to come into or go out of the said Docks, except through the Wicket described in the said last mentioned Act, and subject to the Regulations in that Behalf thereby or by Authority thereof establish^d, ^or to be established from Time to Time: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the said Company to pe mit any Ships to come into or go out of the said Docks at any other Time than during the Hours and Time hereby appointed for the Gates of the said Docks being kept open for the Purposes of Business as aforesaid, nor to permit any Ship or Vessel to pass or be removed from the Basons of the said Docks into th? River before Daylight in the Morning, or after it shall be dark in the Afternoon j any Thing in the said last-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they areJbereby empowered v K*et to ered, make, put up, and keep at the Boundary Wall, near the Entrance Lock at Bell Dick, a Wicket Gate g"*vdjJL of the like Breadth and Height, and to be opened and (hut, and kept subject to the same Regulations and Wall near the 7 Restrictions, as are specised and contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, for the Entrance Lock Wicket Gate therein allowed. at Bell Do«k.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Gate shall be erected or made without the gUCh Gate not

previous Approbation of the Lords CommHIioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of [them, to be made ngnified by their Warrant, which Warrant shall be published at lead Three Times in the London Gazette, without Content

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Th^London1* London Dock Company, and they are hereby empowered to prefer any Indictment or Indictments against any Dock Company Person or Persons feloniously taking, dealing, or embezzling any Goods, Chattels, or Property of or belonging empowered to to the said Company, or any Goods Chattels, or Property m their Custody or Possessioo, or in the Custody or Pro('ccl|, e a*Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for and on Behalf of (teaHngYheir °n* the said Company, or of any other Person having deposited such Goods, Chattels, or Property, in the Care or Good>, or Good* Custody of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, or in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses, in their Custody. or Premises belonging to the said Company; and in all such Indictments such Goods, Chattels, and Property

maybe laid and dated to be the Goods, Chattels, and Property of the said London Dock Company, and that the same were feloniously stolen or embezzled from the said London Dock Company; and it shall be sufficient on any such Indictment to prove that such Goods, Chattels, and Property were, at the Time of the feloniously taking, or dealing or embezzling thereof, in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses, or Premises belonging to the said Company, or in the Custody or Possession of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Custom8 or Excise, for or on Behalf of the said Company, or of any Person or Persons, or Body Corporate or Politick, having deposited the same with the said Company, without any other Proof of Property.

" So much of 44 G. 3. c. 100. §6. as.requires Goods not duly entered at the Customs and Excise to be fol^ within Thirty Days, repealed. §11. [See as' to Lien on such Goods, 45 G. 3. c. lviii. §15.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Period of three Calendar Months shall be allowed for Payment of the said Duties, such Period of Three Months to be computed from the p of Time prescribed by the said Act for the Commencement of the said other Period of Thirty Days'; and in case the D.itie* under JPutiet on such Goods and Merchandize shall not be paid and discharged within the said Period of Three Months, Pavilionf to be computed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs, or the proper Officer of 45 0.3-c* Excise, and they aJe hereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods and Merchandize, or any Part thereof, to answer andfatisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overplus, if any, of 46 Geo. III. 6 C Monies

Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of any Rates, Charges, or Expences which may be due to the said Company, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods or Merchandize: Provided always, That if a Price cannot be obtained far such Goods or Merchandize equal to the full Amount «of the Duties of CuRoms and Excise thereon respectively, and the Charges of the Sale thereof, then and in such Cases all such Goods and Merchandize shall be effectually or otherwise fold and disposed of in such Manner and for such Purposes, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time direct.

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act. §13. — Publick Act. §14.

Cap. lx.

An Act for more efTedually paving and keeping in repair, the Footways and Crosspaths, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passageaand Places, within the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuihuices and Annoyances therein, and for watching and watering the said Town. x [9th June 1806.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Great Tarmottth, i» the County of Norfolk, and rebuilding the Tower thereof.

[9th June 1806.]

Cap. lxih

*4G. 1. e. jt. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, paised for repairing6G*c the fro the Town of Selby to the Town of Leeds, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as

13 G. 3. c. 94* the same relate to the Roads leading from Leeds to Halifax, and the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little

34 G. c. 134. Horton Lane, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

[9th June 180$.]

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act for more effectually imprpving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Laneqfierr through Oldham to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York, and from Oldham to djhton under Lyne, and from Oldham to the Village of Royton, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. [h.)

' [9th June 1806.]

[Former AS 39 G. 3. e. xxv. repealed.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for effecting an Exchange between the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther and the Devises under the Will of the Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonfdaie, and to enable the said William Viscount Lawther to enfranchise certain of or Customary Lands, Parcel or holden of certain Manors in the Counties of Westmorland and Cumberland, devised by the said Will, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.)^[9th June 1806.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in or near Sweeting*s Alley, in the City of London (Part of the Estates devised - by the Wills of Ann Chejlyn and Frances Chejlyn Spinsters) in Trustees, in Trust to fell the same; and for

laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uies as the Estates so fold. (q. P.)

[9th June 1836.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton.

[13th June 1806.]

WHEREAS the Isle of Wight has lately become veiy populous, and the Trade thereof much increased, and the several Parishes, Township, and Places within the same are much connected together in Trade and Business: And Whereas many Persons within the said Island often contract Small Debts, and although able,

refuse to pay the same, presuming on the Discouragement which Creditors lie under from the Expences they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in suing for such Debts in Courts of Law: And Whereas it would tend to promote Industry, and support useful Credit, if an easy and speedy Method was established for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said Island, and the several Parishes, Township, and Places within the same; but such beneficial Purpose cannot he e§edled and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament 5 may it therefore please Your Majesty that k may be enacted; f &c.

4i Commissioners appointed of whom Three may determine Debts and Demands not exceeding 40s. and Five* 44 Debts or Demands not exceeding 5l. $ 1, 4, 11.

Record of

XXII. And Whereas it may happen that Persons served with Process ifltiing out of the said Court of

Judgement'may Requests may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits and Juris-fce removed into«didion of the said Court; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where a final Decree or Judgement for Couir and°r any Sum or ^um8 exceeding Ten Shillings shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to

Writ* o" and ^or an7^18 Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or

Esecution lifted Judgement being obtained, and of diligent Search and Inquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of

u the

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

C. Ikvi — Ixx. 93 r

the Defendant or Defendants* or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels and of the Precept of Execution having issued'against the Person or Persons, or Effects, [as the Case may be], of the Defendant or Defendants, and that

Attoruies.

rhr Sheriff c*f », nnty.

the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels, of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within c. 70. J 4 the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior Court to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgement to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place against the Person or Persons, or Effects, of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgements obtained in the said Courts at Westmxnjicr, and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects according to the Nature of the extra Cofl«

Execution, for the extraordinary Cods of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, subsequent to the said Decree or Judgement, and of the Execution in the superior Court over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be No Piivii-ge to Summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests on account of his being' a , JC sworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or cf any A - other Court whatsoever, but that all such Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers, shall be subject to the several Processes, Orders, Judgements, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and are subject to the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any Debt recoverable by virtue of this Act in On Verd»<fl in the said Court of Requests, shall be commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elsewhere than in the said S^cnur Coum, Court of Requests, (faveaml except the Court of the Corporation of Newport, and the Court called the Knighton* r^OVc»ai!i« Court) then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not by Reason of a Verdict -u <jcr t- , s a A for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever, and if the Verdict shall be given Hi .muff rtwli for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same (halite n; , t l, ave»tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests then and in every such Case such Defendant or Defendants shall have Costs, and such Remedy for recovering the j^Hgc nuy*fame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cases by Law; and no Action certify and he or Suit which shall be commenced or prosecuted in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor anyr &all have Corts. Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court, except by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in Proceeding* (half; Cases where the Defendant or Defendants shall have removed himself, herself, or themselves, or his, her, or their «or be removed Effects out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after a Decree or Judgement obtained against such Defendant or Defendants, by Certiorariy or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, but every such Decree and Judgement shall certiorari* 8cc< be final and conclusive between the Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; Provided always, that nothing provif<jC for in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect, infringe, lessen, or take away any of the Governor of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, or Jurisdictions of the Governor and Captain General of the me of Wight. JJle of Wight, the Mayor and Corporation of Newport, the Mayor and Corporation of Yarmouth, and the Mayor and Corporation of Newtown, or any of them, but all Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Liberties, Powers, and Jurisdictions which they now possess, or are entitled to, ffiafl remain and continue in as full and ample Form and Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made: Provided always, that nothing herein Persont may contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent or vestrain any Person from distraining for any ditlrain fat Rent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds. Roflt*

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving, the City of Norwich.

[itfhjyne 1806.]

[10 Ann. c. Cf repealed.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rebuilding, 43 3* c-

the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban. in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof, and for more effectually repairirig the said Parish Church.

[13th June 1806 ]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Hillmorton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End, in the Parish of Dufton, in the County of Northampton. [a )

[13th June 1806.]

[Former Ad 21 C. 3. c. 106, repealed.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the North West Parts of the Cmmty of Lincoln,

[Is from thi

through Nettleham Fields, Wray by Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the North East Part of the said" County, and other Roads therein described, in the said County, (a.)

[13th June 1806.]

[Former Acts, 12 G. 2. c. 10. 32 C. 2. c. 44. 20 G. 3. c. 75, repealed]

6 C 2 Cap lxxi.

A.D. 1806.

932 C.lxxi — -lxxxi. 46° GEORGII III.

Cap. lxfci.

An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating federal Acts, lb far as the lame relate to the Road from Renfrew to Greenock, and from KUbarcban to Inchinnan Bridge, in the County of Renfrew, (b.)

[13th June 1806.]

[30 G.t» c. 57. 32 G. 3. c. I2X. 37 G. 3. c. 162, repealed in pari.],

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Savile Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[13th June l$o6.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for inclosing and embanking Lands in the Parishes of Llandwrog, Llanwnda, and Llanfaglen, in the County of Carnarvon. (q. P.)

[13th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for opening and improving certain Streets in the City of Glasgow % and for removing the Slaughter Houses in the said City to a more convenient Situation. 1 £ioth June 1806.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Harbour of Ardroffan, in the County of Ayr, to Tradestowni near Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, and a collateral Cut from, the said Canal to die Coal-works at Hurlety in the County of Renfrew.

[20th June 1806.]

£The Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow, Pcufley, and Ardroffan Canal incorporated. — See as to Ardroffan Harbour, 45 G. 3. c. xxx.J

Cap. lxxvi.

1# 0.2. c. 15. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His late Majesty, to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Houses in Red Lien Square, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate on themselves for raising Money sufficient to indole, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said Square.

[20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for more effectually maintaining, regulating, and employing, the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middle fac, and for cleaning and lighting the Squares, Streets, and other Passages and Places, and for keeping and regulating a nighdy Watch within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower o I London.

[20th June 1806.]

[16 G. 3. o. 15, repealed.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Sparham and Billingford, in the County of Norfolk, (q P.)

[20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxix.

Arf Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Saint Andrew Lord Saint John in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies ari/ing therefrom, and the Purchase Monies of Part of the said Estates already fold under a Power of Sale, in paying off an Incumbrance upon such Estates, and for investing the Residue of such Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Estates, devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Marmaduke late Lord Langdale, in the County of York, and limited to other Uses by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable William Stourton with Catherine his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from tho Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses limited by the said Will and Settlement, (q. P.)

[20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for vesting several yearly Rents and Fines payable to the Lord Bishop of Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for enabling the Lord Bishop of Durham and nis Successors to enfranchise certain of or Customary Estates holden of Manors belonging to the See of Durham, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purjihafe of Freehold Estates, to be settled upon the said Lord Bishop and his Successors. (q. P.)

[20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxx*)i»

A.D. 18c6

46° GEORGII III. C. hcxxii — lxxxrii. 933

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Ertates devised by the Will and Codicils of Henry Lee Warned Esquke, deceased, in new Trustees, daring the Term of Five hundred Years, upon certain Trulls created by the said Will and Codicils, and for authorizing, under the Direction and with the Approbation of thejiigh Court of Chancery, the Sale of Estates lately belonging to the said Henry Lee Warner, which are situate in the Comities of Wilts, Somerset, Northampton, and Kent, and in the City and County of the City of Canterbury, and for applying the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies under the Direction of the said Court, in the Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affc51 ing the K eal Estates late of the said Henry Lee Warner, or in the Purchase of Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates so fold. (q. P.)

[aoth June 1806.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act to extend the Powers given to, and veiled in, the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, CrumpfaU, and Tct!ow, in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, by an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester, 33 G. 3-e. CrumpfaU, Tetlow, in the County of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make Leases for Tears upon Rack Rents, and also to grant Building Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee of and upon all or any Part of tip said Lands under reserved Tearly Rents. (q. P.)

[20th June lbo6.J

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for enabling the Guardians of Francis Outram, an Infant, or of the Persons for the Time being entitled t* the Freehold in Possession of the Moiety of certain Estates situate in or near Ancoats Lane, Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, during their Minorities, to carry into Execution certain Contrafts entered into-with the several Persons therein named for Sale of Part thereof, and also for enabling such Guardians to convey the Residue in Fee Simple for building upon, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases thereof, or to join, with the Owners for the Time being of the other Moiety of the same Estates in carrying into Execution such?

Contrafts, and in making such Conveyances or Leases respectively, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

(q. P.)

[20th June 1806.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Grifton, in the County of Norfolk (q. P?)

[icth June 1806.I

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for confirming and establishing a Division and Inclosure of the Open Fields in the Parish of Moundfordi i*. the County of Norfolk, (q. P)[.3d July 1806.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Twenty*second and Thirty second 22 G. 2. c. ar*-Years of His I^tc Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town Ci6*

and Borough of Southwark, and the fevexaL Parishes and* Places in the said Acts mentioned.

[3d July 1806.]

u Jurisdiction of the Court extended to 5l. — Three Gommiflioiiers to determine-under 40s* and Five above* u §1, 2, -r-Regulations of 25 Geo. 3. c. 45, extended to this Act. On Verdict in

Superior Courts

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced in any of His Majesty's for Debts rtro. Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Debt not exceeding the Slim of Five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue v|e/:h, p u'n, cr

of the said recited Acts and of this Act or any or either of them* in the said Court of Requests, then audio every nortavc"11^ such Case the llaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, .her, or them, oV^andon or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Verdi'* for Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the feme shall be tried or heard shall Defendant, and think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requells, then and fe> often the-

such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same aa^ double any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colls in any Cases by Law. Cods.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conflruedto extend, to prevent or p^Cans may restrain any Person or Persons from making Distress, or bringing any Action or Aftkms whatsoever for Rent, rccv r Ron by and thereby recovering such Rjent with Cofb, although the same Rent shall not exceed the Sum of Five- DiiUefs, Ut. Pounds.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herem contained shall extend, or be coastrued Saving the to extend, to prevent or restrain any Person or Persons from levying Plaintsin the Court of the King's Palace of Rights of the WestminstcT, of all and all Manner of Trespasses, vi ct armis Trespasses, Trespasses upon the Case, Debt, Account, P*'iCe c'urt' Detinue of Goods and Chattels, Deceits, and Contrafts, and all other p.erfoual Causes, Plaints, and Pleas or from bringing any Action or Actions whatsoever for Rent, in the same Manner as he or they might have done in case this Act had not been passed, but subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to so much and such Part or Parts of the said recited Act of the Twenty-second Year of H is said late Majesty's Reign, as relates to or concerns the suing for and Recovery of any Debt or Debts, Sum or Sums of Money, not amounting to the Sum of Forty Shillings, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster 5 or elsewhere, out of the said Court of Requests $ any Thing in this Act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

934 <7. lxxxvii — xc'v. 46° GEORGII IIT. A.D. 1806.

Saving the

XXV. Provided also, and be it farther enabled, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not

cfV/tfc* diminish or be prejudicial to the Rights, Liberties, Franchises, Usages, Customs, or Privileges of the Mayor and

&cI ° London> Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, within the Town and Borough of Southwark aforesaid, hereto-

fore had, granted used, enjoyed or exrrcifed, or which may lawfully be ufea, enjoyed, or exercised, or alter, abridge, lessen, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction heretofore used or exercised within the said Town and Borough of Southwarkt or any Part thereof, by the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the same City, or by the Aldermen and Recorder of the same City for the Time being, each and every or any of them, or by the Steward of the Court of the Mayor and Commonalt y

and Citizens of the City of London, of their Town and Borough of Southwark, commonly called The Borough

Court of Southwark, or any of the Officers or Ministers of the said last mentioned Court; but that all and every such Rights, Liberties, Franchises, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdiction, shall be hereafter used, exercised, and enjoyed in every Respect in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Inteats and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Cap. lxxxviii.

3x G. 2. c. 13. An Act to explain, amend, and extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Western Division of the Hundred of Brixton, in the County of Surrey.[ 3d July 1806.]

i Jurisdiction of the Court extended to 5l. — Three Commissioners to determine on Debts not exceeding 40s* and Five on those not exceeding 5l. §1, 2. Regulations of 26 Geo. 3. c. 38, extended to this Act. f 19.

[Sect. 14, 13, and 25 of this Act are similar to §15, 14, aid 24 of the preceding Chapter lxxxvh*.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for the better Relief, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Whitechapel\ in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Squares and other Passages and Places, and keeping a Nightly Watch, for raising Money for repairing the Highways in certain Parts of the said Parish; and for raising MoTiey to repair the Church of the said Parish.

[3d July 1806.]

35 G- 3- c. 73.

Cap. xc.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for watching, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Parish of Saint Mary4c-bene, in the County of Middlesex, and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof.

[3d July 1806.]

Punishment of Persons destroying Works.

Cap. xci.

An Act to provide a Fund for repairing and improving the Harbour of Dunbar, and other publick Works within the Burgh of Dunbar. t [3d July 1806.]

[Small Duties on Peer and Spirituous Liquors, and an Assessment on Rents and certain Duties on Importation and Exportation granted and made payable to the Magistrates and Tow? Council of the Burgh of Dunbar, for the Purposes of this Act.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for improving the Birmingham Canal Navigation* [3d July 1836.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon9 Merjlham, and Godfone Iron Railway to complete the same. [gd July 1836.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to complete the same.

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level\ between Brandon River and Sam'* Cut Drain

[*d July 1806.]

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, throw down, injure, damage, or destroy any Bank, Engine, Bridge, Elood-gate, Tunnel, or Sluice, or any of the Works belonging thereto, made anderested, or which shall be making and erecting for the draining or improving the said Fen Lands, or any of them, under the Authority of the said former Act or of this Act, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony and be transported for Seven Years, or be punished as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

[Former Ady 30 G. 2. c. 35. repealed.]

Cap. xcvi.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III.

Cxcvi — cvi.

935

Cap. cvi.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more ? ffectmt, Two Acts, of the Twenty.second Year of King n0< l# Cil!# George the Second and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to draining andprtferving 17 G 3! c! certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Pavifies of Sutton, Mepal, Witeham, Chatteris, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and for adding thereto certain other Fen Land* in Sutton and Chatteris lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Acts.

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of several Houses in Ptckett Street, Temple Bar, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex; and in Skinner Street, Snow Hill j and on Snow Hill, and in Fleet Market, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, by Lottery.

[3d July 1806.]

" RecitaPof Acts for improving the Acts 5 viz. 35 G. 3. c. 1265 38 G. 3. c. lxi.; 39, 40 G. 3. c xlii.;

t 42 G. 3. c. lxxxiii; and 44 G. g. c. xxvii; and the Progress made in purchasing and building under the said ir recited Acts 5 that the Disposal of certain new-built Houses. is necessary to the Completion oFthe Progress of €i recited Acts. — 300, 0001. allowed to be raised by the Sale of such Houses by Lottery, on Behalf of the Corpo-u ration of London»

Cap. xcvlii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventeenth- Year of His present Majesty, for n

repairing the Road leading from the North Side of Cavendyb Bridge, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Derby, to Braffington, in the said County* [c.)

[3d July 1806.

Cap. xerx.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and 15, c< Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a certain Bndge, called James Deep- 26 G. 3. c. 151. ing Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland.

[3d July 1806.]

Cap c.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Stanbridge Lane, in the Parish of Romsey, to the Turnpike c. 47' c

Road at Middle Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton. (c)*

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Kiladlen, in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Carlow, (a)

[jdJWy 1806.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Beacons field, in the County of Buckingham, to within Haifa Mile of the River Colne near Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex. (a)

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts passed in the Thirty-second Year of King George the Second, and in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for reparing several Roads therein described, so far af the said Acts relate to the District of Road between Pauley Bridge and Grqffwgton, in the County of York, (a.)

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, and of certain LeafehoIdTythes, late of Charles Melhjh Esquire, deceased, and for applying the Purchase Monies in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[3d July 2806.}

32 C. t. c. 7r. 14 G. 3.

Cap. cv.

An Act for ascertaining the Farms and Lands in the Parish of Inglt/bcombe, in the County of Somerset, of which the Great Tithes shall be paid to, or taken by, the Vicar for the Time being of that Parish, (q. P.)

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Thomas Scrope, of Coleby, in the County of Lincoln, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[3^ July 1806.]

> Cap. cm

X"Y

G\ cvii — cxiii.

46° GEORGII III.

funlftment for

<icftioying

4Vuuk«.

3 ^.j. c.cxxvj,

A.D. 1806.

Cast* evil.

An Act for inclosingnd draining'Land in the Honor, Manor, and Parish of /ftrftftw, In the County of

Norfolk, (q. P.)

[3d Jti/y 1806.]

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliclously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Tank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel which is or are already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Purposos of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, fhrJl be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court, before whom such Person shall he tried and corvifted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws 'and Statutes of this Realm; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Newby, in the County of Westmorland. (q. P.) [3d July 1806.]

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Clibum, in the County of Westnorland. (q.F.) [3d J, 8cfi.}

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ampthil!, in the County of Bedford. (q. P.) [3d July 1806.]

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common over certain Parcels of Land, in the Farish of Chifwith, in the County of Middlejbx. (q. P.) [3d July 1806 J

Cap. cxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Holme Cultram, in the County of Cumberland.

[3d July 1806.]

Cap. cxiiji

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackball, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

Vy An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port, certain Persons there: n named,

and their several and respective Stxcceflors, Executors, Administmors, and Assigns, were united into a Campany or Association of Proprietors, by the Style and Firm of The East India Dock Company, for the Purpose of making the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, and for otherwise carrying the several Powers and Authorities of the said Act into Execution: And Whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded

in the Execution of the said recited Act, but for the*more effectual Execution of the Intention of the said recited Act, and for rendering greater Accommodation to the East India Company and to their Shipping, it

is expedient that certain of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act should be altered and enlarged,

and that the said East India Dock Company should have Power to increase their Capital or Joint Stock: And Whereas it would be attended with great Benefit to the Interest of the Owners of the East India Shipping, and of the East India Company, and be the Means of preventing the Plunder or Pillage, not only of their Stores and Cargoes respectively, but also of private Property, if the East India Dock Company were per-

mitted not only to receive within the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, the Cargoes of the homeward bound Ships, but also to land such Cargoes on the Wharfs and Quays to be built along the Sides or Banks of such Docks, Basons, and other Works, and were permitted to load from their Wharfs and Quays within the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, the several Goods and Stores on board the outward-bound Ships, and to do all such Matters and Things as may be necessary for the Convenience and Accommodation of the East India Shipping; and if the said Quays and Wharfs, so to be made and built by the said Company of Proprietors, were declared to be Legal Quays and Wharfs for the landing, relanding, and discharging, lading and shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and if the said East India Dock Company were enabled to employ the Means necessary for landing, loading, moving, and removing all such Goods, Wares, and Mer cliandize, and also the Stores, and other Articles and Things belonging 10 the said Shipping : But as such several Purposes cannot be eflefted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every riie Clauses,

Powers,

A.D. 1806, 46° GEORGII III. C9 cxin* 937

Powrn, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things Po'£no£ -whatsoever therein contained save and except such Parts of the same as are hereby varied, altered, or errended'aYbis repealed) shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effeft, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted la the Body of this present Act.

u Time of holding General Meetings under 45 G. 3. c.cxxvi. charged to any Day in January a-d July

91 yearly. $2. — Five Directors empowered to call a General Meeting. $3. — Company empowered to add

tc 10 , 0001. to their Capital or Joint Stock. $4. &c. — No Transfer otless than 501. Stock valid. §7. — The N

East India Company empowered to subscribe 10, 000l. towards the Fund for completing the Commercial Road

" under 41 Geo. 3. c. xxxvii. §8, 9. — 'The East India Dock Company empowered to purchase additional

n Ground. §10, &c."

XIII. And, for the greater Accommodation of the Shipping in the East India Trade, belonging to or The Quay* in using the Port of London? it is hereby further enabled and declared, That the Quays and Wharfs which such of the shall be built by the said Oire&ors as aforesaid, within or along the Sides or Banks of such of the said Docks ocic* a*

as shall be enclosed and defended on all Side3 by high Walls, and strong and sufficient Gates, shall at all Times afterwards be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, L<*alQu4y*. Legal Quays and Wharfs for the landing, relanding, and discharging, lading and (Hipping of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatsoever, within the Port of London, any Law, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Things whatsoever, which Dock* fobjed shall be. landed or shipped upon or from the Quays'* or Wharfs intended to be built in or near the said Docks,* Thc/*"*f or any of them, shall be futjedt and liable to such and the like Tolls, Duties, Dues, Customs, and to the

like Regulations respectively, as if the same were landed upon or shipped from the present Legal Quays within present kegsl the City of London, or as if the same intended Quays or Wharfs were situated within the said City, except Quays, in such Cases as are herein after specified.

The Boundary Wall of the inward Dock shall he surrounded by a publick Road. §5-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when any One or more of the said Docks, by the said recited A&# When any ef made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, authorized to be made andrtC Dockif*c. built by the said Directors, with the several Basons, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, belonging or to* apprised belong thereto, shall be so far completed, that in tha Judgement of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or xreasury, a* more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, the same shall be fit for the being rendy for Reception of Ships, and the Landing and Shipping of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, it shall he lawful the Receuuen of for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty* Ships and Good*, Treasury for the Time being, and he or they is or are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify the fame; and such Certificate shall be published certified by the Three Times at the least in the London Gazette, and in Two or more public Morning Newspapers then Treasury, and usually circulated in London; and the said Certificate so published as aforesaid shall he deemed sufficient Notice published in the to all Parties interested of the Completion of the several Docks, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, eoncerning which such Certificate of Approbation shall be made 5 and from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next Nixice^the ensuing the First Publication of the said Certificate in Manner aforesaid, all the Rates and Duties by the said Duti» made recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, made payable payable to tb* to the said Enjl India Dock Company for Ships and Vessels entering into and uung any of the said Docks, or Company shall any of the Batons and Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, and also for any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize which shall be landed or discharged from, or shipped or taken on board of any Ship or Vessel rantionecMn* lying within any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons or (Juts belonging or which shall belong thereto, such Certificates shall commence, take effect, and become payable; and then and from thenceforth such of the Quays and <h.»li be deemed Wharfs then made or built by the said Company, as shall be described in such Certificate to be fit for the Legal Quays.; Reception of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be deemed and taken to be Legal Quays and Wharfs accordingly 5 and all the Provisions in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of fo/com-His present Majesty. contained, relating to the Increase of Interest or Dividends from and after the Com- pciling pletion of the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, and other Works, and for compelling Ships and Vessels that shall India. VeflTtl*0 arrive in the River Thames with East India Produce on hoard to unload the Whole of such Produce withinn the

Tome or One of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs belonging or which shall belong thereto, and for compelling such Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the Port of London, as shall be used or em- X. C C ployed in the East India Trade, to ship, or take in their respective Cargoes, and be loaded either in some or one of the said Docks or Basons, or in such Part of the River Thames as shall be below Limehouse Creek, shall take Effect and be in full Force and Operation, save and except such Part or Parts of such Produce as may be directed by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to he unloaded or discharged into any Lighter or other Craft in the Employ of the East India Company, at a certain Place within the said Port of London called Long Reach, for the Purpose of lessening the Draught of Water, of any Ship or Vessel .} and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so unloaded or discharged, being Produce from the East Indies or China, and in respect whereof any Duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards he ftonedor deposited in the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, according to the Laws now in force in relation to Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported from the East Indies or China; and in case any 46 Geo. III. $ D Owner,

93? cxiii.

46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18fofL

The Gate* rtr.d

Owner, Matter, or other Person hating the Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel in the East India Trade* shall, after the Expiration of Ten Days after the First Publication of such Certificate, unload or discharge, or cause or permit or suffer to be unloaded or discharged, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being Produce from the East Indies or China, it any Time or Times after such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, shall be fit for the Reception of Ships as aforesaid, from his Ship or Vessel, in any other Place or Places, in or near the Port of London, than within such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, save and except, as herein-before mentioned) then and in every such Case every such Owner, Matter, or other Pprfon, having the Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, any Thing in the said recited Act, made in the Fortywthird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, all o/Tiiic said Dock l'ie Gates and Doors of such of the said Docks, Quays, and Wharfs, as shall be inclosed with a Wall or Premitcs .is fhuil Walls, and a Gate or Gates as before mentioned, shall be under the joint Locks of the said East India Dock be with Company and of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of their respective Officers,

a W.iil shall be and J'uch Gates and Doors shall be locked and opened only in the joint Presence of One or more of the L^ckVof ihe°l Officers of the said East India Dock Company, and of One or more of the Officers of the said respective Officer* of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise duly appointed and authorized in that Behalf; Dock 0»mp*rj and no such Gate or Gates, Door or Doors, shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be locked. a'*<J ^Revenue, or opened but in the joint Presence of such Officers respectively, during the whole Time that any Goods, Wares, n'-" or Merchandize, being the Produce of the East Indies or China, shall remain within the said Dock, or on*

the Quays or Wharfs, belonging thereto; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend to the the Joint locking up and opening of the said Gates and Poors respectively, shall and he and they is and are hereby re-

prrfence wf On; quired to lock up and open the fame, or cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence, cf each such at the Hours herein mentioned for that Purpose; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening of the said Gates and Doors respectively, as herein directed, every such Officer so offending (halt, for every such Offence, (upon being convicted thereof) forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

and shall he locked and opened only in

O&cers.

Honrs for opening and (hutting the dates of the said Pocks, Jcc.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, the feveraF

Gates and Doors of such of the Docks, Quays, and Wharfs, as shall be so inclosed with a Wall, according to the Directions of this Actfc, shall, during the Time any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the Produce of the East Indies or China, shall remain therein as aforesaid, in and from the Month of November to the Month, of February, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, be opened for Business at the Hour of Seven in

the Morning, and continue open uutiithe Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour

of Four in tbs Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of Seven in the Morning 5 and in and from the Month of March to the Month of 0Bober, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, the hud Gated and Doors shall be opened for Business at the Hour of Six* in the Morning, and so continue until the Hour of Four in the' Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and continue so (hut until the Hour of Six in the Morning.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue appointed to act and acting within and upon the said Docks, Quays, and

Aunncu or me Works of the said East India Dock Company, shall, in and from the Month of November to the Month

Revenue OfficTrs February, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, attend and transact Business from the Hour of

within the said Eight in every Morning to the Hour of Three in every Afternoon; and in and from the Month of March to

the Month of 0Bober, both Months inclusive, in each and every Year, from the Hour of Seven in the Morning to the Hour of Three in the Afternoon 5 and that during the said Hours and Times so limited and appointed, there shall be no Intermission or Cessation of Business on any Account or Pretence whatsoever; and that the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue shall, in like Manner, attend and transact Business at the Warehouses belonging to the East India Company, where they may be Rationed, at the Hours and Times aforesaid, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, no Person whatsoever shall be permitted to remain within such Part of the said Docks, Quays, and other Premises, as are to be inclosed within the Wall or Walla as herein mentioned, during any Part of such Hours and Timet respectively as such Premises are by this Act directed to be kept shut and locked up; but in case it shall hereafter appear to the East India Dock Company, or to their Directors, that a Guard or Watch may be necessary to be*-kept and maintained within the said Premises, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, and they are hereby empowered to appoint and place within the same, or any Part thereof, such Guard or Guards, Watchman or Watchmen, for and during such Hours as they the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, shall think right and proper.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in the River Thames with a Cargo of Produce from the East Indies or China, the Matter or Commander, Chief Mate or Second Mate of such Ship or Vessel, shall on or before the Arrival of such Ship or other Vessel at Gravesend, well and securely lock down and fatten with strongand sufficient Locks and other Fastenings, to be provided at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, all the Hatches leading to or connected with the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and from the Time of her Arrival at Gravesend, the said Matter or Commander, Chief Mate er Second Mate, shall remain constantly on board such Ship or Vessel, and keep such Hatches of such Ship or other Vessel so locked down and fattened^ until such Ship or Vessel shall be safely moored in one of the said Docks or Basons, and until such Master, Commander* Chief Mate, or Second Mate, shall have delivered the Keys of such Locks or Fastenings tg such Officer or

7. Servant

Appointed Hour* lor the Attendance and Business of the

Docks, kc,

without Inter-midi on of Business.

No Person except a Guard shall remain within the Docks, Sec. when (hut.

The Hatches of E*<i India Vessel* arriving invhe River, shall be locked >&c.

A.D. 1805.

46° GEORGII III.

G.

CX1U.

93 9

Servant of the said £ aft India Company 2s shall be duly authorised to receive the same; and in case the said Master, Commander, Chief Matfr, or Second Mate of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to provide such Locks and other Fasteirings, or to lock and fallen down the Hatches of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or to keep the same so locked and fattened down, or shall leave such Ship or Vessel after her Arrival at Gravesend, and before Hie shall be safely moored, and the said Keys so delivered as last aforesaid, or shall refuse. or neglect to deliver the said Keys to such Officer or Servant as before-mentioned, within Two Hours next after such Mooring 23 aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Master, Commander, Chief Mate, Second Mate, or other Person so offending, shall, for every fdch Offence (upon Conviction thereof) forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That front and after such Publication of such Certificate as aforesaid, the Hatches of all such Ships or Vessels ris shall from Time to Time lie or be moored in the said Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, with any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on board thereof respectively, shall be under the joint Locks of the said East India Compatiyf and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of their respective Officers 5 and no such Hatch or Hatches shall be locked or opened, save and except in the joint Prefenoe of One or more of the Officers of the said East India Company, and of One or more of the Officers of the said fespective Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, duly appointed and authorized in that Behalf; and no stich Hatch or Hatches shall be locked or opened, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, but in the joint Presence offudh Officers respectively j and the Officer or Officers whole Duty it shall be to attend to the locking up and opening of the said Hatches respectively, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to lock and Open the fame, or cause or procure the same to be locked or opened in their presence, at the H outs herein mentioned for that Purpose; and if any such Officer shall refuse or neglect to attend at the locking up or opening of any such Hatch or Hatches, as herein directed, every such Officer so'offending shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That each and every Ship and other Vessel laden with any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce of thd East Indies or China, and taken as a Prize during the Continuance of Hottilities, and brought into Great Britain by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel having Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or which may be seized by any non-commissioned Vessel or otherwise as iSroits of Admiralty, shall be and be deemed to be a Ship or Vessel arriving or coniing from the East indies Or China with Cargoes of Produce from the East Indies or r hina, and within the Intent and PufvieW of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, and this Act* and shall be brought into the River Thames $ and every such Ship or other Vessel, and the rerson or Persons having the Charge or Command thereof* shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Rettriftionfc, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as all Ships and Vessels arriving or coming from any Part of the East Indies or Chisia into the River Thames with Cargos of Produce from the East Indies or China are by the said recited Act and this Act subject and liable to 5 and that all such Cargoes shall from Time to Time hereafter be lodged or deposited in the Warehouses of tht East India Company and sold at the said Company's Sales, and not dfe« where, in like Manner, and subject only to the same Charges as other privileged Goods.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship or Vessel Other than and except Ships and Vbffds Vhich shall have immediately come from of shall be immediately bound to the East Indies or China, or Ships that are or have been in the Employ of the East India Company, and other than Lighters and Craft to convey, deliver, discharge, or receive Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to Or from On board of any such Ships or Vessels, or to be used in relation to the loading, unloading, or Case of them in the said Docks or Basons, and other than and except Ships, Vessels, Lighters and Craft bringing Or carrying away Materials, or any other Matter or Thing for the Building, Alteration, or Repairs of the said Docks and Basons, and the Erections, Buildings, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to be used in 'or relating to the Building, Alterations, Repairs, or Cleartfings of the said Docks and Basons, and their Appurtenances, shall at any Time go into the said Docks or Basons, or any of the Works belonging thereto, for any Purpose whatsoever, without the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three Or more Of them, to be signified, ' from Time to Time, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands; and in case any Ship or Vessel, other than and except as aforesaid, shall at any Time go into any of the said Docks* Basons, or Works, without such Consent as aforesaid, every Perfoti having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, other than and except as aforesaid, or who shall authorize, permit, or suffer her to go into any of the said Docks, Basons, or Works, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXV. And, for the Purpose of preventing Frauds being committed on the Revenue in the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize from the said Docks, Wharfs, Quays, and other Works, 'be it further enacted, That the said East Itiaia Company Audi, and they are hereby required to provide and maintain such and so many covered Carts, Waggons, or Caravans, as to them shall seem necessary, for the Purpose of safely conveying all Gooda, Wares, and Merchandize from such Docks, Wharfs, Quays, and other Works, to the Warehouse or Warehouses, or the said East India Company; atld all such covered Carts, Waggons, and Caravans, shall be provided with such Locks and Keys, and shall be fitted up and secured in such Manner as shall he approved by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Time bying, or 'Three or more of them.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be carried or conveyed in such covered Cart, Waggon, or Caravan, by the said East India Company, from the said Docks, Basons, .Wharfs, Quays, and other Works, to tile Warehouses of the said East India Company, five and e cept between

6Ds .the

Regulation« for locking U opening the Hatches of Vessels in the Docks.

Piise Shtp« laden with tta Produce mf rtit East Indies of China shall he to the f imcR< g ulari<Mi as other Ships a«riv «g with East l.idu Produce.

None tat Bafl India Ships and Vesselsvi!| ufa the Docks, with* oat the Conicnjt of the Treasury.

CnvrrH Cai*t«

or Car.ivtn* shall be provid d to remove Goo<S from »he Docks torhe Comp"o»y* AVarcuOules.

HctfS frr conveying !uch

Goods ru t'C id Waicti.

9+0 C.cxiU. +6* GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

T rcafury empowered to alter the Hour.* of opening and (hurting the Gate*, and Hours of tnnf-acting Kufiness at the Docks.

Tea and other Good*, maybe landed andy conveyed h*y the Caravans to the Warehouses of the East India Company, without being jrreviously weighed.

Treasury may order Tea and Goods to be weighed at the Do^ks or on the Quays.

Any Machine approved by Treasury may he used in weighing the same.

Oui< r Dock Wharfs shall be Legal Qua g, when approved >y the Treasury.

the Hours of Seven in the Forenoon and F<rur in the Afternoon; and all and every such Carts, Waggons, and Caravans, as shall be loaded, or have any Chest of Tea, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, placed or deposited therein, and which fha.Il not be removed from the Quays so surrounded by a high Wall or Walls as aforesaid, before the Hour of Three in the Afternoon, shall remain and continue upon the said Quays, within such Wall or Walls as aforesaid, until the following Morning, or the Morning of the Day on which Bu fine ft shall be transacted at the said Docks next following 5 and all and every such Carts, Waggons, or Caravans, so having any Chest of Tea, or other Goods, Ware-; , or Merchandize placed or deposited therein, shall, after the Hours of Business at the said Docks, are expired, be securely locked up by the Officers of the East India Company and of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, in the same Manner as the Hatches of the Ships in the said Dock are herein directed to be locked and secured.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it Bull be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time, to aker and change the Hour or Hours of opening and (hutting, or of opening or (hutting the several Gates and Doors, or any' of them, of such of the said Docks, 'Quays, and Wharfs, as shall be so inclosed with a Wall, according to the Directions of this Act, and alto to alter and change the Hour or Hours appointed by this Act for the transacting Business in the said Docks and upon lhe, Quays and Wharfs thereof; and also to altei* and change the Hour or Hours appointed by this Act for carrying or conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in such covered Carts, Waggons, or Caravans as aforesaid, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIIf* Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said East India Company to land or cause to be landed any Chest or Chests of Tea, or other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject or liable to be weighed, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duty' or Duties to be paid thereon, being the Property of or belonging to the East India Company', or belonging to or the Property of any Individual or Individuals, commonly called or known by the Name of Pri iUged and Private Trade, or of any other Description whatsoever, from any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, within the said Docks and Basons, upon the said Wharfs and Quays, or any of them, and to convey the same in such covered Cart or Carts, Waggon or Waggons, Caravan or Caravans, and to deposit such Chest or Chests of Tea, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, so subject and liable to be weighed as aforesaid, in the Warehouse or Warehouses of the East India Company, without such Chest or Chests of Tea, or other such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, being weighed or liable to be weighed by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise on the landing thereof: Provided always, that the proper Officer or Officers of the said East India Company shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to weigh or cause to be weighed every such Chest or Chests of Tea, and all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, as soon as possible after the same respectively shall be brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses, in the Presence of the Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise then on Duty at such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such Weighing at the Warehouses shall be found inconvenient, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, upon anyr Application of the Court of Directors of the said E Jl Indt 1 Company for that Purpose, to order and direct every such Chest or Chests of Tea, and all such other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to be weighed at the said Docks, or upon the said Quays or Wharfs, before the same shall be placed or deposited in such Carts, Waggons, or Caravans as aforesaid; and thereupon such Compensation shall be made by the said East India Company to the said East India Dock Company, for the additional Trouble and Labour attending such last mentioned Weighing as shall be just and reasonable, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That any Machine or Machines, after the same shall be approved by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, by Warrant under his Hand, or their Hands, may be used in Weighing such Chests of Tea, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or any Part thereof.

XXXI. And Whereas the said East India Dock Company have, in execution of the said Act, made in the Forty.third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, formed Two Docks at Blackball aforesaid, called an Outer and an Inner Dock: And Whereas the Quays or Wharfs surrounding such Outer Dock are bounded on the North Side by the Wall which separates the same from the Inner Dock, on the South Side by the River Thames, at the East End by the Entrance Bason and Locks leading from the River Thames to the Inward Dock, and at the West End by tie Ship Builder's Yard in the Occupation of Messieurs Perry and Wells: And Whereas it may not be necessary that such Outer Dock should be entirely surrounded by a high Wall; be it therefore enacted, That when and as soon as it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, that such Outer Dock is well and sufficiently inclosed and defended, although such Outer Dock shall not be entirely surrounded by a high Wall or Walls, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to certify by Warrant under his Hand or their Hands that such Outer Dock is well and sufficiently inclosed and defended; and upon such Certificate being granted as aforesaid, the Quays and Wharfs which shall be built or made by the said Directors, within or along the Sides or Banks of such Outer Dock, shall at all Times, from and after the Date of such Certificate, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Legal Quays and Wharfs for lading and (kipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever within the Port of London, lave and except for the lading and shipping of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as are or shall be subject or

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. c. cxiii. 911

liable to any Duty or Duties of Excise, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom, or any Thing hereto contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock |n£ja Company, or their Directors, to hire or employ, from Time to Time, such and so many Labourers and Company may Workmen for the Purpose of landing, loading, or unloading, receiving and Hupping off any Goods, Wares, employ Merchandize, Stores, and other Articles, Matters, and Things, that may be imported or brought, carried or Labourer*, conveyed, into the said Docks and Basons, and also to carry and convey, or cause to be carried and conveyed, '

Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, and other Articles, Matters, and Things, to and from the said Docks and Basons, by such Ways and Means as to them the said East India Dock Company, or their Directore, shall seem right and proper; and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things, for the Accommodation and Convenience of the East India Company, and of the East India Shipping, as to the said East India Dock Company, or their Directors, shall seem right and proper; Provided always, that nolrting herein contained shall authorize or empower the said East India Dock Company to carry or convey any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for Hire or Gain, in any Boat, Lighter, or other Craft, upon the River Tkamts

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such First Publication of such Certificate as Ko Holidays ta aforesaid, no Holiday or Holidays whatsoever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said be kept at the Dacks, Quays, Wharfs, or other Works of the said Company, either by any Officer or Officers of or belonging f*id V*n<* to His Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer or Servant of the said East India Dock Company, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, except Sundays, ChriRmas Bay* and Good Fridays, and any Day which shall be CnrWma* Days, appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of General Fast or Thanksgiving; but that all the CLod Fridas, Business of the said East India Dock Company, and relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and of all Person* using the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, or other Works, shall be carried on upon all holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon any other Days in the Year.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite, or Reward of any Denomination whatsoever, No Fee* tn be shall be taken, accepted, or received, by any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall or may be tafc«n by the employed in the Service of the said East India Dock Company^ other than the Salary or Wages that shall or tmipany, s may be paid or allowed to such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants respectively, by the said Company; nor |hc Avenue^flnll any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward whatsoever, be taken, accepted, or received by any Officer or Officers of officer*, for any His Majesty's Revenue, who shall or may attend, aft, or be employed in the Discharge of any Duty, Office or done withia Employment of His Majesty's Revenue, within the said Docks, Basons, Locks, Quays, and other Premises of or the Dyck belonging to the East India Dock Company, for any Service, Act, or Duty which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein 5 and that every Person taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, or Reward, contrary to this Act, fhalHor every such Offence, not only pay back the Amount of the Fee, Perquisite, or Reward, lo taken, accepted, or received, but in Addition thereto, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained! shall extend to deprive or prohibit Saving to any Office or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue from taking, accepting, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, or

Reward, which by Law he now is or shall be entitled to, for or in respect of any Goodi, Wares, or Merchandize, Fccg Q^g which shall or may be exported from the said Docks, Basons, Quays, and other Premises, whether the same exported. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall or shall not have been previously imported into and unladen therein.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of making Rneto be taker* and maintaining such Wharfs and Quays, and of employing Labourers and Workmen for the loading or placing for Wharfage of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Carts, Waggons, or Caravans herein-mentioned, it shall and may be Caravans!*lawful to and for the East India Dock Company to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, to and for their own Use and Benefit, of and from the East India Company, or other Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively, (over and above and besides the Rates granted and specifiedin the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty), for the Wharfage of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and for loading or placing the same in the Carts, Waggons, or Caravans as aforesaid, the Rate or Sum of Two Shillings for every Ton of such Goods, Wanes, and Merchandize* such Ton to be computed in the Manner set forth in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty 5 and that it shall be lawful for the said East India Company, or their Court of Directors, upon sufficient Cause being shewn to them, from Time to Time to increase the said last mentioned Rate in such Proportions, not exceeding in the Whole One Shilling for every Ton of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Addition to the said Rate or Sum of Two Shillings for every Ton of such Goods, Wares* and Merchandize, as to them shall appear just and reasonable: Provided always, that nothing herein contained* shall authorise the said East India Dock Company to make any Charge, or receive any Compensation for the Labour of landing such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the said East India Company, or those to be delivered into their Warehouses; but such Work shall be considered as compensated for by the Tonnage Rate or Duty granted by the said last-mentkmed Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of EastTndh Dock

making and maintaining such Wharfs and Quays, and of employing Labourers and Workmen, and for carrying Company to and conveying such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, Articles, Matters, and Things, to or from the said ^cive such Docks, Basons, and other Works, k shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company to ^r5* demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, to and for their own Use and Benefit, such Rate or dialj

Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money, for the Wharfage, and for carrying or conveying such Goods, Wares, agreed on* Merchandize, Stores, or other Matters or Things, or any of them, to or from the said Docks and Basons, or

for any other Service as shall be required by the East India Company, or the Owners of the East India Shipping,

94* C. cxiii, cxl\f, 46° GEORGII III. A.t).

I'erson* not to be compelled to employ the Eft India Doik Compai y in conveying Goods, &c.

Recovery 6nd Application of 'Hares.

1

for the Accbmmodation or Convenience of the salt! Shipping, as shall fee mutually agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, Wares* Merchandize, Stores or other Ancles, Matter*, dr Things, or the fold East India Company, or the Owners of the East India Shipping.

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, Or ar.y Person or Persons whatsoever* to employ the said Company of Proprietors in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, or Other Articles* Matters, or Things, or dny of them, to or from the said Docks, Basons, and other Works, but it shall and may be lawful to and ?6r evelry such Body Politick or Corporate, and every Person whomsoever, to carry and convey his, her, and their Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Stores, Articles, Matters, and Things, to and out of and from the said Docks and Basons, in such and the like Manner, as he, she, or they would be enabled or empowered to carry or convey the fame, or any of them* out of such Docks and Basons, in case this Act had not been made: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize any Person or Persons to use the Wharfs or Quays of the said East India Dock Company, without paying the accustomed Rate for Wharfage.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted or allowed to be taken, by or for the Use of the East Iridra Dock Company, shall be payable, received, and recovered, in

the Manner specified in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that all such Rates and Sums of Money as shall be coileifted or received by the said East India Dodk Company* by virtue of this Act shall be applied and difpufed of in Manner directed by the said rfccited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, for tarrying the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

u Compensation to be made to the Owners, &b. of Lighters and Craft, Tackk House Porters, Ticket Porters?* Free Carmen, and other Persons, for Loss or Damage occasioned by the intended Works, and to the 'u Governors of ChriJIs Hospital, (if necessafv) on /Account of Car-rooms. & 40. — Commissioners of Compel '4< fation under London Port Act, 39 Q. 3. t. lxix. shall be Commissioners for the like Purposes under this Act. f t' §41. — Mo Claims to be made for such Comjsenfatiops, until Three Years after' Notice of the Docks, &c.^being ready for life. §42. — Claimants may recover Compensation Money from Persons who hare wrongfully ff received the fame. J 43.

frirc&ors frail

XLIV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That nond of the said Directors of the £ aft India Dofck

k6t foe pcTfonally Company already appointed and hereafter to fye appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-answerable for third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, dr of this Act, or eitbei of them, shall, by reason or means or , v thfm Qn account of their or his being Parties or Party to, pr making, signing, or executing in their or his Capacity

in the Capachy'Directorsor Director for managing the Affairs and Business of the said East India Dock Company, pursuant to Saf Duettori. the said recited Act* ihade in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either'of them, any Contract, Covenant* Agreement, Assignment, or Security, for and on Behalf of the said East India, ' Dock Company, or otherwise lawfully executing any of the Powers and Authorities given so them, or any of them, by the said recited Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or kither of them, be subject or liable to be sued, prosecuted, or impleaded, either collectively or individually, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in any Churt or Courts of Law or Equity, or elsewhere; dnd that the Bodies or Body, Goods, Chattels, Lands, or Tenements of the said Directors, Or any of them* shall not* by rfeafon, on account* or m consequence of any such Contract, Covenant* Agreement, Assignment, 1 or Security so entered into, or made, signed, or executed by them, or any of them, as aforesaid* or any other lawful Act or Acts done or to be done by them, or any of them, in the Execution of arty of the same last mentioned Powers dnd Authorities, be 1 ab'e to be arrested, seized, detained, or taken in Execution, but that in every such Case, any Person or Persons making Claim or' Demand upon the said Company, or upon any Directot for Directors thereof, under or by -irtue of any such Chntraft, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security* or Other lawful Act or Aftfe* shall and may file and implead the said East India Dock Company in the Jtfame of their Secretary, as provided bV the faii recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in like Manner as if such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Assignment, or Security had been entered into and executed by such Secretary, for and on Behalf of the said East India Dock Company, or such other Act or Acts had been done by him 5 and the Party or Parties so suing or impleading shall be entitled to the same Remedies as are provided ih and by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in Cases where Authority is thereby given to sue and implead the said Company in thfe Name of the Secretary* but not to any further or other Remedy whatsoeven«Costs of the Aft. §45. — Publick Act* §46.

Cap cxivi

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Township ot Stoe I pert "and Brinni gtotiy and within the Hamlets of Edgcley and Brinlfiuayi all in the County Palatine bf Chester.

[12th July 1806.]

WHEREAS within the several Townships of Stoclftort and Brinmri^tony and in the several Hamlets of

*Edgcley and Brinljrway , in the Parish of Cheadle, all in the County Palatine of Chester, there are

several very contiderable MinufaftorieJ which employ great Numbers of People, who contract many Small Debts, which in the Whole yearly amount to a large Sum of Money $ and although many of such Debtors

are well able to pay their respective Debts, they often refuse to pay the same, by reason of which their

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C.cxiv-csmi.

+respective Creditors are either obliged to forego their respective Debts, or for the Recovery thereof to incur an Expence sometimes far exceeding, and in all Cases greatly in Disproportion to the Sums in Dispute: And Whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary

Support and Protection of useful Credit within the said several Townships of Stockport and Brinningion, and in

the several Hamlets of Edgeley and Brinlfway, in the said County Palatine of Chejjer, if a more easy and

speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same were provided : May it therefor# please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 &c.

Commissioners appointed : — Three to determine on Debts, &c. not exceeding 40s. and Five on Debts, &c.

4i not exceeding 5l. §1, 4, 14. — §26 and $ 46 of this Act are similar to $ 22 and §40 of 46 G. 3. c. lxvi. —

41 $ 31 of this Act is also similar to $ 26 of 46 G. 3. c. lxvi. — See that A3.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts of Parliament for improving the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland. (b.)

[12th July 1806.]

£&* 7 Ann. c. 5, 10 Ann. c. 3. 13 G. 2. c. 14. 1 G. 3. c. 44. 2 G. 3. c. 87. 28 G. 3. c. 6l. 32 G. 3. c. 75.

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and watching the Burgh of Paj/ley, and Suburbs thereof; for improving and forming certain Streets, and erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein; and for regulating the Police and Markets. £ 12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town, and for removing and preventing Nuisancesand Annoyances therein.'[rath July 1806.]

[&/ former Act 26 G. 3. c. 116.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Town of Daventry, in the County of Northampton^, and for regulating the Market there; and for enabling the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Daventry, to purchase the Moot Hall, and to rebuild the fame* [12th July 1806; ]

9«

Cap. cxix<

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Kensington, Hammer/mithf Brentford\ Batterfey, Putney,

Richmond, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey* [12th Jply 1806, j u The Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks incorporated.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously Punishment break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks, or other Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of destroying this Act, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and Wor|t* Singlo: before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have rower and Authority to cause such Fc ooI

Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxx.

An Act to alter and amend the several Adspaffedfor making and maintaining the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

[12th July 1806.]

[&<r8G. 3. c. 63. 11 G. 3. C. 62. 13G.3. c, IQ4* 24 G. 3. c»S9t 27 G. 3. c. 20, 25. 30G. 3. c. 73. and 39G. 3. C. 7J.].

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Kibble^ in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His joG. 3. c. 52. present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, in the County of Sussex. £ 12 th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland^ in the Thirty-

third Year of His present Majesty, for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of the Parish of e, 53' Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin therein described, and for eredwg and building a '

Phrifl* Church therein. [rath July i8#&]

Cap.

944 C, cxxiv — cxxxii, 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 1806.

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act to enable the Veil ry men of the Parish of Saint Mary4e-bone, in the County of Middlesex, to provide an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the said Parish, and to eretl a Chapel therein, and also other Buildings and Conveniences for the Residence of a Clergyman, Clerk, and Sexton, and for other Purpose* relating thereto.

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxv.

41G. 3. c c'u An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Forty-second and Forty-44 G. 3. c.xxxvK. fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, ntaintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, several Roads, to communicate with the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex, and also of several Acts for repairing the Carmen Street Read, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering, a new Branch, to communicate with the East India Docks (bj

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxvi.

3 c- An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the Third and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty,5G* 3' c*68, for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Stump Croft, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and other Roads mentioned in the said Act (c.)

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. crxvii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading to and from the Port, Harbour, and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, (b.) £12th^«/y 1806.]

{13 G. 2, c. 14. 1 G. 3. c. 17. 28 G. 3. c. 6l. in Part repealed.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for inefofing Lands in the Parish of Flitwici, in the County of Bedford (q. P.) [12th July 1805.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Everfholt, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.) [ 12th July 1806.]

Cap. CXXX.

An Act for rebuilding the Court House and Butter Market House of the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for felling certain Waste Lands belonging to the said Parish.

[12th July 1806.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for exchanging Part of the Fee Simple Eft ate of the Honourable Thomas Brand, in the County of Hertford, for other his settled Estates in the said County of Hertford, and in the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, and Surny, and in the City of London, (q. P.) [ 16th July 1806.]

jyG.j. c.lxix.

Points of Law

may be reserved for the Consider-ationbf (heCourt of King's Bench;

and upon the Certificate of the Justice presidirg at the Hearing, Application may be made ro the Court of King's Bench foi a new Trial, either before the Justices of the Court.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London, so far as the same relates to the Compensations to be made by certain Commissioners therein named.

[2 ill July 1806.]

t€ Powers of the Ad 39 G 3. c, lxix. extended to this Act. §1. — Additional Commissioners for Compensation " appointed. §2. — Appointment of Commissioners in the Room of those who shall die, or decline or become €t incapable to ad. §3. — Meetings on Emergencies. §4. — So much of 39 G. 3. c. lxix. as relates to ascertaining 14 the Amount of Compensation by Juries repealed, and other Provisions enacted. f 5 — 8.

IX. f And Whereas Questions of Doubt and Difficulty may arise, as well in respect of the Title of Parties applying for such Compensation or Satisfaction to have any Compensation or Satisfaction, as in respect of the Amount of the Compensation or Satisfaction to be recovered 3' be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to reserve any Point of Law arising from such Trial for the Consideration of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, upon Motion to be made in the same Court, in the same Manner as if such Point had been reserved by the Lord Chief Justice of the same Court fitting at Nisi Prius; or in case either the Parties claiming such Compensation as aforesaid, or the said Commissioners shall be difratisfied with any Verdict given before the said Justices, (except in the Case of a Verdict upon a new Trial had in Manner herein after mentioned), and the said Justices shall certify under the Hand of the Justice who summed up the Case to the Jury, that it is a fit Case to move for a hew Trial, it shall and may be lawful either for such Parties, or the said Commissioners, upon producing such Certificate, verified by Affidavit, within the First Four Days of the Term next after such Trial, to move the said Court of King's Bench for a new Trial in such Case, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, in either of such Cases, upon the Report of the said Justices, to hear and determine the same Point or Points; and the Determination that the said Court shall make thereupon shall be specified and contained in a Rule of the same Court, and shall be transmitted to the said Justices, who shall give Judgement thereon accordingly \ or it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order and direct a new

9

Trial

A.D. 1806. 4C* GEORGII III. C.cxXXII — cxxxvii. 94.5.

Trial to be had upon the Premises, either before the said JustioCs, or before the Lord Qhief Justice, or fonte other Judge of the same Court, in case the said Court shall think fit so to allouf 5 and such Trial to be had at the Sittings for London or Middlesex, as the same Court shall think fit to order, subject to such Directions concerning the Costs of the First Trial and the subsequent Proceedings, as the same Court shall think fit to give tu that Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case such new Trial shall be ordered and directed to be had before the Mode of pro. said Justices, that all Matters and Things, Clauses and Provisoes, herein-before contained, respecting the o?cdi«g on r.e'* Proceedings previous to, upon, and after the First Trial, except so far as the same may be altered by the Direction T1*! before and Order of the said Court of King's Bench, and the Judgement to be given thereon, shall apply and extend J

to the Second Trial to be had by the Direction and Order of the same Court, and the Proceedings previous to, upon, and after the fame, as fully as if the same had been herein new repeated and re-enacted.

XI. And be it further enacted, 'That in case such new Trial shall so as aforesaid be ordered and directed to be hfed Mode of pro-before the Lsrd Chief Justice, or some other Judge of the same Court, at the Sittings for London or Middlesex, ceding on ntw the Record of the Proceedings of the lame Justices shall be removed into the said Court of King's Bench by Writ

of Certiorari, and such and the fike Proceedings take place thereupon iu order to the same new Trial, a3 arc had Benen!* in Cases of Indictments found at Sessions, and removed into the Court of Kiag'a Bench by Certiorari; and after such new Trial shall have taken place, the Record thereof, and of all other Proceedings in the Premises, shall be remitted, and sent back to the said Justices, who shall thereupon give Judgment upon the Verdict taken on such new Trial, as if the same had been originally given in the first Instance behjre the said Justices.

41 No Evidence shall be given before the Jury of any Claim not specified in the Memorial, f 12. — Claims may be u consolidated in certain Cases. §13. — Limitation of Times for presenting Memorials. § J^-iS. — Compensation €' Money shall be paid within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be agreed for or awardedl / 19, &c. —

[Publick Act.]

§22.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution' of an Agreement made between the 15aJ India Company and the Private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better tb carry tic same into Effect.

[nft July 1806.]

IX. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That the CoramiflloneVs, acting from Time to Time \n England Commissionrf* tinder or by virtue of the said Articles of Agreement, shall, within Twenty-one Days after the Commencement shall annually of the next and every subsequent Session of Parliament, present to both Houses of Parliament* a List of all the.,

Claims which have been or shall be preferred to them, or to the Commissionerg in India from Time to Time, and bcf^.m#> also a List of such Claims as from Time to Time shall have been decided upon, cither provisionafly or absolutely, Parliament, by the said CoimmflioneTS, with the Grounds of their Decision theredn: Provided always, that this Act shall AA Hull not in no Ways be construed to extend to ratify or confirm the said Articles of Agreement, or to make the fame, or ll, c

any Matter or Thing therein contained, available further or otherwise than Ule same would have been binding, effectual and available, in case this Act had not been puffed.

The Commiftlonerg' Power under this Act shall continue until the ift of Aagyft 1810, and Endof then ensuing 4' Session. $ 12.

Cap. cxxx iv.

An Act for ornamenting and embelli thing the Centre or Area of Bloomfivry Square, in the Parish of Saint Gerrye Ploomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Hackney Coaches (landing or plying for Hi re in and near the said Square.

[2 ill Juy 1806.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of His present £t q.^ Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Liberties of Beverley9i»* the County of York. [aid Jtdy 1806JJ

Jurisdiction of the Court extended to 5l. — j 15, r 6 of this Act are fimi/ar to $ 13, 14 of 46 G J* c. lxxxvii. And

§ 24. is similar to §22. of 46 G.^. c. Ixvi.

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Grrfgcw with Water.

[2k July 1806 J

[Suhfc riler $ incorporated ly the Name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow Water Works." j

C p cxxxvii.

An Act for continuing the Terret, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of Hit5 0.3. e. nf. j .t Majesty, for repairing the Roads from a Place called Piffs Elm % in the Teoukesbury Turnpike Road,

t h Cheltenham, to Etflon Church, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester. (ci

- July I&c6.]

III.

4 E

c<tp.

946 Ci cxxxviii — *cxliv. 46° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1806.

3 3- c. 35.

24 G. 3. c. 31.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for aflclTing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Caithness, towards the Expence oLsupporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland (a) [21st July 1806.]

IS« 43 G. 3- c. 8o.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon. (c)

[21st July 806.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for appointing new Trustees of certain Estates in the County of Lincoln, and for authorizing the Application of Part of the Rents and Profits thereof, and of other Estates, towards the Augmentation of the Stipends of the Curates of the late Collegiate Church of Saint John of Beverley, in the County of York, and for appointing another Assistant Curate of the said Church, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[21st July 1806.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, a Sum of Money sufficient to pay off and discharge certain. Incumbrances affecting certain Estates mentioned in a Deed of Settlement, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, made on the Intermarriage of James O'Reilly, of Baltrafna, in the County of Meath, Esquire, and Henrietta Nugent, his Wife; and for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Trusts of said Deed, and of certain other Deeds therein and herein particularly mentioned. (q. P.)

[21st July 1806.]

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Sir Edward Denny Baronet, of Tralee, in the County of Kerry, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the fame, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q P.)

[21st July 1806 J

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of certain Charity Lands at Deptford, in the County of Kent, to grant Building Leases thereof, (q. P.)

[2 .ft July 1806.]

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for establishing and well-governing the Charitable Institution, commonly called The Philanthropic Society> formed for the Protection of Poor Children, the Offspring of Convicted Felons; and for the Reformation of Children who have themselves been engaged in Criminal Practices; and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry 011 their charitable and useful Designs.

[2: d July 1806.]

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred* and eighty-eight a charitable Society was formed by several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, for the Purpose of providing for the Maintenance* 4 Education, and Employment of poor Children, the Offspring of convicted Felons, and of Children who had themselves been engaged in criminal E'raflices; and the said charitable Designs have been and are now carried on in certain Houses and Premises provided for that Purpose, situate in the several Parishes of Saint George the 1 Martyr a^d Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and the said Charity hath hitherto been supported by the voluntary Subscriptions and Donations of charitable and well-disposed Persons; and a very great Number c of such Children have been received, maintained, and educated therein; and the Boys have been either ' apprenticed to Master Workmen employed by the said Society, to inflrucl them within their said Buildings in

several useful Trades and Occupations carried on for that Puqiofe, or put out as Apprentices to Tradesmen of good Character, where the Society have the Means of inquiring into and ascertaining the Conduct and: 4 Treatment of such Boys; and the Girls have been brought up as menial Servants, and instructed in plain Needle-work, and placed out in respectable Families when of a proper Age; and such Boys and Girls nave- not only been sheltered and protested from Vice and Want, but carefully instructed in the Principles of Religion, and trained to Habits of Industry and Regularity, whereby the Commission of many Crimes has been prevented, and the Public hath been and continues to be supplied with diligent, sober, and honell Workmen and Servants; And Whereas Experience hath fhev/n, that the said Charity hath been hitherto of con ftderable Use and an Advantage to the Public, and it is apprehended, that if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon a permanent Footing, and veiled with Powers for better enabling the Subscribers thereto to carry into Execution their charitable and useful Designs, the same would be of much more extensive Use and of greater Advantage to the Public; but as the Purposes aforesaid Cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted, &c.

M Certain Persons incorporated under the Name of "The President, Vice Presidents, Treasurer* and Members of the Philanthropic Society. §1.

A.D. 1806. 46° GEORGII III. C.cxliv — cxlri.

II. And be further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Corporation may, and they art 'hereby empowered to bind, or place out. Apprentice or Appreiltices, Servant or Servants, to any Person <x Persons, whom the Committee for the Time being of the said Corporation, or the major Part of such of them-as shall be assembled at any of their weekly or other Meetings, shall think fit, all and every or any of tho Children already received* or hereafter to be received, under the Care of the said Corporation, for such Term and Time, and upon such Conditions respectively, as the said Committee, or the major Part of such of them as shall be so assembled, shall think proper, so as no such Child so to be bound or placed out as aforesaid, shall be obliged to serve or continue in such Apprenticeship or Service after the Age of Twenty-one Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation may, and they are hereby empowered to apprentice as aforesaid, all and evpry or any of the Children received or to be received under their Care, to any of the Persons employed or to be employed to instruct the Children on their own Premises as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to take and retain any Number of Children so apprenticed, for as long as they shall themselves continue in the Service of the said Corporation, and no longer, and who, on their quitting, or being difiniffed from tho Service of the said Corporation, shall assign oyer all Apprentices so bound to them to such Person or Persons as the Committee of the said Corporation, or the major Part of such of them as shall be assembled, at any weekly Meeting, shall direct.

" Regulations as to Appointments of President, flee. Committees, General Courts, Officers of the Society, flee* §4 — 12.

XIII. And be it further % enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee at any weekly or other Meeting, or the major Part of the said Committee assembled at such Meeting, from Time to Time to nominate such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, being a Member or Members of the United Church of England and Ireland, as by Law established, and being in Priest's Orders, to be Chaplain, or to officiate in the Chapel belonging to the said Corporation.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thnt no Person who shall be nominated Chaplain, or Morning or Evening Preacher to the said Society, shall in any Manner officiate in the, said Chapel, until lie shall have been duly licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese within which the said Chapel shall for the Time being be situate, or other rerfou or Persons duly authorized to exercise the Episcopal Jurisdictiotpt. and Authority within the said Diocese.

XV. And be it further enacted, That as often as the said Society shall have Occafmu to apply to such Bifhbp, t>r other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to license any Clergyman to officiate in the said Chapel, Notice shall be given on the Part of the said Society, to the Rector of the Parish for the Time being, of the Intention to make such Application, and of the Name and Designation of the Clergyman in whose Favour such Application is to be made; and it shall be lawful for the said Renor to submit to such Bishop or other Person cfc Persons as aforesaid, any Objection to the Clergyman proposed, or other Cause why such Licence should not be granted, of the Sufficiency of which Objection or Cause such Bishop, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be the foie and final Judge.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That such Notice shall be in Writing, and shall be left, at least One Calendar Month previous to the Society's applying for such Licence, at the usual Place of Abode of the said Rector within his Parish, or in case he shall not nave any Place of Residence therein, shall be delivered on his Behalf to his Curate, or other Person officiating at the Parish Church; and if the Society shall neglect or omit to give such Notice, any Licence to officiate in the said Chapel, granted to a Clergyman whose Name shall not have been notified to the said Rector, in the Manner herein prescribed, shall be absolutely null and void.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be confirmed to prevent the Bishop, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, from revoking any such Licence or Licences whenever he or they shall think fit.

Treasurer shall account when required." f' 18.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who has been or shall be hereafter apprenticed to the Master Workmen engaged to instruct the Children as aforesaid, or shall be employed on the Premises of the said Corporation as an hired Servant, shall, by reason of such Apprentkeffiip or Service, gam a Settlement in the Parish or Parishes in which the said Premises now are or for the Time being shall be situated or in any other Parish or Place.

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Maidenhead Bridge to Readings and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge^ in the County of Berks. (a)

[22d July 1806.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Susannah Harriot Eyre, the Wife of William Eyre Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off Incumbrances and Charges jRpoti such Estates, and for laying out tic Residue of the Purchases Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses. (q. P.)

[22d July 1806.]

947

Power to bind Apprentice*.

Poorer to bind

Apprentices to Persons employed otv Premises.

Committee to nominate Chaplain.

No Chaplafn, Sec. shall officiate, unless duly liCenfed.

Notice shall be given to the Rc£tt>r of Application to the Bishop to licensS the Chaplain.

Such Notice shall be left at the Rector's House, tec.

Licerce m*y be revoked by the Bishop.

Apprentice* within the Pre-»rnifes shall not gain Settlements.

54s

Recifal of Semites mf W*r1ham Coltegc, wl ereby the Warden caanot be a married Man.

So much of the said Statutes as ordains that the Warden shall be Bachelor, Hull be void*

C, cxlviiv 46° GEORGII III. A.D. 18056.

Cap. cxlviu

An Act for enabling a married Person to hold and enjoy the Office of Warden of Wadham College, in the University of Oxford, (q. P.)

[2?d July 1806.]

WHEREAS by the Statutes of Wadham Colhgey in the University of Oxford\ given to the said College by the Founder thereof, it is ordained that the Warden of the said College shall be chosen out of those

who are or have been Fellows of the said College, and have honourably departed from it; and also that the ' Warden of the said College shall, at the Time of his Election to the Office of Warden, be, and whilst he shall be Warden of the said College, continue to be a Batchelor and unmarried; and also that the said Warden shall take an Oath that he hath not contracted, nor will enter into any Contract of Matrimony so long as he shall be Warden of the said College: And, Whereas in the prefei t State of Society^t is reasonable and fit, and likely to conduce to the Benefit of the said College that a married Person, otherwise duly qualified, shall, notwithstanding the said Statutes, be capable of being Se£ted into and to hold and enjoy the said Office of Warden of the said 1 College, and that every Warden of the said College shall after his Election into and during his Continuance in the said Office be allowed to marry and continue such Warden, notwithstanding I113 Marriage and the said Statutes: May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and ConfeiU of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi» present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the Statutes of the said College as ordains that the Warden of the said College shall at the Time of his Election to the Office of Warden be, and wlulft he shall be Warden of the said College continue to be, a Bachelor and unmarried; and also so much of the said Statutes as ordains that the said Warden shall take an Oath that he hath not contracted, nor will enter into any Contract of Matrimony so long as he shall be Warden of the said College, shall be and the same are hereby aeclared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes$ any Thing in the fcud Statutes contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Such Part, of the said Statutes as restrains the Fellows of the said College from electing a married Person for Warden, or continue one as such, shall be void. §2. — So much of the Warden's Oath on his Election, as relates to Matrimony, shall be omitted. §3. — Warden may marry, and continue the Office. §4. — Fellows of if the College may nominate and elect a married Person. §5. — No other Parts of the said Statutes shall be affected H by this Act, except such as are hereby expressly made void* §6. — Copy of Act printed by King's Printer may given in Evidence. $7.

---

[Index removed.]

END OF THE SECOND VOLUME.

Printed by Eyre and Strahan, His Majesty's Printers.

